 I thought you speak about a guitar pedal, not a car pedal:-)


fancis moves into a different plane at age 32 when keeping his lab on earth just doesn't seem right anymore even if it's well hidden


Elmer  via  Out now digital French version. 
In English please  Preview chapter was good :o)


[needrestart]  Thomas Liske - Release version 0.4.


Webinar with Landatel for Spanish customers - 21 of November we organized webinar for 80 customers of...  I cannot login to the chrome extension via Facebook on windows. But it under OSX. What is causing this?  Nov rok! / Happy New Year!     Tips From Comedians for Surviving Thanksgiving at Home  I keep eating fat pork skipping bread. What about beer? RT  Silver bullets &amp; Paleo  RT"  lebih percuma liburan tapi ? A.gak punya someone special B.gak ada uang C.di rumah aja"


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Chicago is Forced to End 45 Year Gun Registry and Rahm Emanuel is Not Happy About It  omg they look cute~ I think I'll be able to recognize Myungsoo from Woohyun now thanks to his brother yay :') they kinda look


 i'm in love w/ u and all these little things&lt;3 PLEASE COME TO CZECH AND SLOVAKIA NEXT TOUR :)))


The Good Wife: Alicia bude mt novho kamarda | SerialZone.cz  // r.


 na pewno nie mnie. Nie posiadam vansow, conversoq, air maxow cY injych gwien. NIe PiSZe TaK. Itp itd xd


I've collected 28,740 gold coins!    


 Louis, my birthday is today, plz follow me! I will be the happiest girl on this world


This is a reminder for:

Title: Sunday Service
TanzZentrum


The First 10 people to email us today at info will get the Drop a dress/jeans size 4 week...  never visit facebook ever again ;_;
Nope nope nope


 I will be in Russia in a few days... Winter there sucks


 arnellp &amp; teh iehawlmognns tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: parnell &amp; the englishwoman


I swear something was yanking on my ears while I was sleeping or something because I have horrid blowouts in both ears.


 I would say yes but just can't deal with recieving 4736278 messages a second lol


 well I'm just going to have to start making my presence known


GlobAllShare World Wide: Sea propietario de forma gratuita    No water, just the way it is, the tap turned on with expectation. So American,   talking more about how awesome were doing then solving my cooking problem :D oh, well :D  for the support,  people. Well do it all again at the  (from Sunday 5th January). Have a great Christmas &amp; New Year!


Great to visit and wonderfull liker to tadte ( Jan Becher Muzeum)  to see  ladies challenging for medals in 4x5k relay w/Norway, Finland &amp; Sweden. 1st WC event at '94 Olympic venue since 2002.


gua order lu follow kalo tidak lu follow twitter gua lu mau


 [eth rningun nam] (1963) Colin Gordon, p:spain c:UK poin: 15


Free energy: An 3D printed electrostatic motor with high torque (video)  


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


are they ever gonna hook up? coz I think the wanna. 


Evening Briefing: 'Mission accomplished': This is from the  Evening Briefing. Sign up to get it d...   at work (the old work place, that is)   well mine hurt like for 10 seconds but then i felt like my ear was burning haha :D


Time Management For Anarchists [comics]  via 


Longest class ever! Pharmacology is the worst class, long, boring, and a boring proff,, not cool


Anyone got restaurant recommendations for Czech xmas dinner on the 24th?


 Jawaban benar: an awfully big adventure: j.r.r. tolkien,  40/54355 poin


 Does reading help you? If so, go to bed, put in your earplugs, and start reading a book. When you're  Do all the previous tier apply to the tier I choose? Meaning if I pledge $75, do I get the Watcher tier as well or not?


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Another  day at  ! Don't  ride the  !!  w/   &amp;    I want you to know that I love you very much


TOP20 2013  209: 19.  - Brush Strokes (Original Mix) 


Today stats: 2 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  have a job opening for an IT Security Governance Manager. Contact Me in Brno, Czech Republic  


Am I really that pathetic to feel emotional over fact I'll be alone? I love being alone what's wrong then?


2013 Celtics boutta be the worst team ever assembled


Id rather look back at my life and say I cant believe I did that, rather than saying I wish I did that.


Great review for  - 'Impressive. The concept was great, the food was amazing, and...' -  favorita (pelo menos por enquanto)  hallowed be  thy name


 Too many people there working for $5 an hour or less. Another race to the bottom. I'm thinking about it differently...


 iduqli nwse tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: liquid news


Social Media Predictions for 2014 by Socialbakers' CEO  via 


Like u deserve it. No doubt.  all the way 


Noo please noooo!  must stay alive!!!!!! Gigibiohlhobgfirifh Fuuuck u  !! dont hurt my    


 [euy'a'ghssssnho oby] (1935) Al Williams, p:dog c:USA poin: 19


 i love you 'Nelson Mandela dies at 95'

Respect where it's due...

That's 5 miles an hour faster than Paul Walker. 


Homeless 'Journeyman Hacker' Launches Eco-Friendly Mobile App  why did you actually unfollow me ?
or did you actually ever followed me ?


Stavte se do Dreamhouse v Pask 21 (2.patro) pro Bohemic svky! : )  Dreamhouse Living Concept Store  phonebloks! - a phone worth keeping   via 


ALL IS LOST hiess es am Montag bei der Sneak. Eure Wertung: Geil 15%, Gut 8,5%, OK 8,5%, NAJA 2%, MIES 15%, HILFE 50% :-)


 Sometimes I am not sure if surrounded is a good description.. But it has mostly same effect like being surrounded by civilians.


And most of the iguanas are still hiding which I appreciate.


"Who is the best? "Pick two..."" y'all are that stupid huh?


Today stats: 3 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed one person via  myself an early   (and you can too! ^^ it's really nice mug)  on Bbm  News - Road charity Brake in call to ban car hands-free phones  Christmas for everybody! Hope you have wonderful holidays :)


 I am rooting for my bed. These prex-mas days are killing me.


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


" If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, I'd say once, because you never really left."


I really want to see one of 2PM member on 2D1N.. not as a guest, but as a member.. it fits them well. 


  thanks for that tip, will add it to my whish list ;-)


 Many thanks Hansel, the assortment of Mexican specialities seems to know no boundaries ;o)


Photoset: zephyroh: Faberry AU: In which Rachel and Quinn formed a rock band. Quinn is the dark, mysterious...  you may be overloaded with responsibilities today, yo... More for Sagittarius  received a Christmas card from my loving host family in Germany. It's a small advent's calendar!  bdyo ihts tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: body hits


          A treasure


I added a video to a  playlist  Civilization 5: The Spanish Gambit + One City Challenge


Gonna cry myself to sleep now coz at the moment i don't know what i want and i hate this feeling. Ugh.


Walkin' in the Wind: People blown over in streets as Storm Ivar hits Norway:  via 


 i'm so sorry but Zayn from Wrong Direction is ... ehm little bit ugly :DDDDD


I'm a consulting detective. I'm the only one in the world. I invented the job.


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


There's so much truth in  article about  "Some of my random thoughts about Ubisoft and Wii U"  from my new appartment at BN8. Be jelly.  Betlmsk nmst  had that happened in my country David Bradley's character would bot be convicted for sex with an underaged. 


My Baby  Off To Get His PS4 Tonight, Keeping Him Occupied Til He Comes To Collect Me From The Airport Tomorrow 


  lifetime supply of  bourbon or it's not happening.


It's  Much bigger smile than Bode RT   posing for selfies &amp; signing autographs!  daily unfollower. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  si do nosu.        Decoder: Turning to Public to Back Investigative Journalism  you ever wonder why the fuck did I pick such weird nick as iScrE4m? More or less because of these guys  ah butA!! u dnt even understand the kind of position i was in!!
i ddnt do it to make u flat! did if coz tht babe can con


I've watched "Amuse-Bouche" (S1 E2) of Hannibal (via 


They say they love hip hop, cause niggas not speaking brilliant


              done trying to please everyone else. Instead of playing... More for Aquarius  Successful People Never Bring Smartphones Into Meetings - Forbes  Urgent Exclusive: Army Regains Control in Several Areas in Adra Al-Amalieh City  via 


Unhindered peaceful protest essential to democracy in Ukraine, say PASOS board and members  Robot Can Talk to You in 19 Languages &lt;well, isn't this more of a monologue than dialogue?&gt;  [pgosanire] (1947) Holmes Herbert, p:pearls c:USA poin: 9


Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) hlasi Swarm  (nyn 50 lid)  


 Starting to plan and looking for help - Hello all!    I'm starting the planning phase of my camino journey...  I mean it's up to you but the costs are going insane if you keep it like that o-O


It's a tragedy really :'( I need divine intervention here.


 [hav tpeyln] (1997) Chuck Baron, p:fiance c:USA poin: 10


Right now I'm creating new websites for otaku. It's created with responsive front-end, Twitter Bootstrap and Flat UI.  


everybody follow my bro  a teamsesh producer,produced tracks  - Moshpits ,  x  - We OD


&lt;333 RT  Congratulations Mr.Federer.. An Early Welcome to Wimbledon 2040 Champion :)   lagi dan lagi cuma maen sama amira yang rewel-_-


mum: and who's that
me: that's morgan
mum: oh.. guten morgen


Afghan artists showcase their work, and plight

 new favorite: Karaoke Tundra "Krakatit" (feat. 3ck) by   on 


   Exactly, why can't we just use StorageFile in PCLs for WP8 and Win8.1 apps?


All I Want For Christmas Is You  (Christmas Julena-Story):  ber 


I just reached level 5 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


 I take it that then you are also a purple unicorn that lives in a library?


hello there~it's around 8am here in Czech Republic~^^ ASC and VIXX fighting~!^^ 


 My awesomeness amazes me sometimes Am I rubbing off on you? I'm sorry.


In bed sick listening to the Rochdale game on BBC Radio Leeds. Up the Dale!


Photoset: diannaagroner: Faberry week - Caught (part 2 of 2)  a britsk tajn sluby sledovaly uivatele hry World of Warcraft, svta Second Life a her na Xbox Live  new favorite: Hard Dance (Demo) by   on 


Live Session...StaarQueenKong &amp; Pattymane..SO G remix... MontanaKrazyTraxx...Cmal on da mix...DP in chill...  Jawaban benar: video essentials,  16/349560 poin


I am always just about to go and spoil the surprise


A big welcome to Pavlna Tatrkov who will work in our Hradec Krlov office!  beep beep... who got he keys to the jeep? Wrrrrrrmmm. 


    ahsjagalaksha s voc msm. Imagima se fosse o da frente bajavaj


Aaand it's gone. Back to 299 followers. I want 300 again 


Breaking news: Hell freezes over on December 3, 2013. RT  BREAKING  eTolling begins on December 3, 2013


Thank you   retiring soon though haha but it was a great 3 mos! You got me through it!! I  best movies this weekend
1 Captain Phillips
2 Best man holiday
3 Thor 2


I just got in and I have work at 7 am. Gotta love the month before Christmas


Photo of the year: 4-year-old girl got a life changing 3D printed robohand  


'Thanksgivukkah' Searches Spike on Google During Rare Holiday Overlap  -_- nahnah nyame gue -_- traktir dulu " Oke, thank you my nyame(y) " Sukses lombanya ya :)""


 OHO~ but chn u got advertisement. MAYBE WHEN EXO COME OUT IMMA GO WATCH ON MY TV BIGGER YOU KNOW OMG!!! essited.


Safe trip home !!!! We had a great time over here !   


You can count on me like123  I'll be there And I know when I need it I can count on u like432 And you'll be there 


 from Oct we are running "beta" in parts of PRG: testing, if this can work. If you are interested, we could translate rekola.cz


toxic carcinogen corporate fats fast cola food; .. seems brain is blowing this all the time. .. Doctor  please, how long (3/4)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via   hahahahah hona manje. Haa airtime haipere but some of us tine vakadzi vekutaura navo pa Whatsapp..haha waiziva


Very cool aspect about   jersey...1960 &amp; 1980 embroidered on right sleeve..    did you film some movie in a russian village?


 adam airet uyes ondan seiliyor yoksa byle b adam vekl seecek derecede beynsz halk olamaz


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


i should be catching up on school stuff but i'm looking up new muse pics instead im a terrible person


Top 50 Internet of Things Applications - Sensor App Rankings by    I&amp;my mate would vry much like to come over; I want to show him the beauties of NL.


Sex is never a problem in my relationships if anything that keep shit from falling apart for longer


NobodyLikes Homework Exam Fakes Drama Monday Slow internet connection Being cheated Being ignored Being replaced


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


Netflix tests cheaper subscription as Amazon looms - USA TODAY  


3 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


tyvole dopoledne Gone Home, vecer Zivot Adele. To se mi zas povedlo kombo.


Catching up on  Did you watch it?   asked to delist criticism of cartoonist Donna Barstow - Boing Boing  please help me to get another 10 followers so I will reach 300? (Sorry for dumb tweets like this, huh)


I want nothing more than to play harvest moon forever


My Top 3  Artists: Kinderlieder (27), Depeche Mode (21) &amp; Reinhard Lakomy (16)   He's very cute!&lt;3 
I had a bunny, but he died 3 years ago...:-(


I think everyone needs a hero, but some, like me, need a lot more the villain.


My team has captured the enemy base on ' Iraq - Fort'! Join us and win!    


" I would love to see a  &amp;  &amp;  in 2014 " &amp; Lil Kim would be nice


When all is said and done, more is always said than done


  today after work- im off at five? can you fit me in your busy schedule fine ladies???


" Bachelor's degree is the new high school diploma." Tweet of the day, early


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Andai lo tau perasaan gue, gue yakin lo gak akan rela ngelepasin gue :')


"Good design is as little design as possible." - some German motherfucker  harvested 1,056 of food!    


In memory of James Coburn who was born on August 31st, 1928 and died on November 18th, 2002.


In every situation shout His name and give Him praise, He is WORTHY!


 absolutely must have! Great ad, great idea, fantastic. Ship please at least a few to Europe asap. Love 


So true! RT  OH: "just because you can code doesn't mean you should"


  in  Top Picks from  to  De La Frontera on our  to   was a good one! I haven't seen last year but this one was a solid A!


 every doc  would say oh god no so i get my next ill humans


 Awww yes... I always eat cereals after midnight too. 


What needs to be done: Unified messaging. Sending from PC, smartphone, normal phone, receivable on ANY device without 3rd party app


       AZ Tower              Pai "calls for prompt FCC action to facilitate greater use of 5 GHz band" for Wi-Fi -  (via 


 [byetua eyebdtar] (2002) Steve Curtis, p:softcore c:USA poin: 15


Me: You know Nelson Mandela is no more.  : Wasn't he already dead? Like he lived in Martin Luther King time, no? 


Chinese food, smooth jazz Christmas music and tea at 11am in Prague with hdyar  Pho Nem  Just Announced: Hranice (Budweis), Czech Republic - Jan 25 at City Bar  know, you would say "hey, it's just a snow! You've seen it many times before". But I'm so happy now  (via Tumblr Hoes Appreciation Thread aka Ooo LAWD (18 ) - The Ill Community)  Give me your adress baby 
I'm coming to England :-) ;-) &lt;3


Jump In Batman: Arkham Origins [German]  "Sionis Industries Stahlwerk" [HD+] (Let's Play):  ber 


   AM Fog/PM Sun today! With a high of 3C and a low of -1C.


 [hte ghinfigt mptotinaest] (2003) Jill Jane Clements, p:church c:USA poin: 24


 Said a little prayer for the guys that had to go to school today   my gosh


Just posted The Hunt series in the  December submissions. Go check it out!  review for  - 'Could have been a little more seating.' -  und Commerzbank: Prognosen und Investmentideen:     Well it will all keep her busy until she is ready for Playstation 375 (or whatever they will be up to by then)


 [hleftfcaih &amp; eth laailctc cast] (1984) Donna Christie, p:junkyard c:USA poin: 30


" Having a real life - a real job, a son, an amazing woman, a social life - has REALLY slowed down my tweeting." its a shame!


 Just tried to submit a complaint written down by my mother via your "Ask a question" form - the result:  Osama Bin Laden to the Duchess of Cambridge: When Human Beings Stop Looking at Internet Porn...By The Editors  I'm waiting for a similar time!! This week needs to disappear...  D.S.


Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you. And sometimes its both happening same time. Good or wrong? Who knows.....


Merry Christmas everyone :D we just had our Christmas dinner and now it's time for presents :)


 tfsriel ahtt iwn awrs tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: trifles that win wars


"Terrible service, good atmosphere" My latest  review of Gypsy Bar (Cikanska Jizba) -  Jawaban benar: brothers in arms: earned in blood,  33/335190 poin


Keeping Up with the Karimovs - By Andrew Stroehlein and Steve Swerdlow | Foreign Policy  can still contribute to the Localization Trends 2014 survey:     


  Ex-  Envoy, told  that, the international community had no strategy for Afghanistan
     Krlovsk pivovar Kruovice | Krusovice Royal Brewery  yrs old excellent talk bout common facts and claims in sw dev and how little evidence we have that they are true: 
 Ok, that's fair. On the other hand, nobody forced him to give Jovo 4 mil for 4 years..


I find it hard not stressing about things that are running in my head. Like I know it's illogical but something tells you it's real.


Seems that Michal Bilek is off to the Middle East. Pool party with Chovanec perhaps?


Thanks fot RT but follow would be better :( I'm sad 


Loneliness - not punishment, but a way to know yourself.


Oh boy, they did itthey make me care about virtual pet, good job  Lovely app.


...you wouldn't even have to buy me a drink..dont wana waste your time...I'd leave with you..


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


 Where r u in New England? I went to prep school in NH, lived in VT and studied there 2 and graduated from Smith in MA.


Ninjasonik - Somebody Gonna Get Pregnant (Typhonic's unofficial ghetto tech mix)  - 12. vysln (part 1 of 6, made with Spreaker):  prostednictvm 


Job: System archiect JAVA in Brno, Czech Republic  


29  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


MOOCs on Books? MT   new icons for t future of  free to download:    Automatically Makes Over 40% of the Web More Secure While Making Sure Sites Continue to Work :  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


6 Lessons from the Top Bloggers: A Beginners Guide

  Don't mean to make light of the very danger of sliding, but I can't stop humming the song "Slip Sliding Away" now. :)


Even if your feet are planted firmly on the ground today, your... More for Aries  NEWS! Luis Suarez signs new 'long-term' contract at Liverpool 


 I'm going to go to sleep, I have exams tomorrow.


Prague is one of the most photographed places in the world according to Google  look nothing like her .... RT " Loving this article! I look like Nicki Minaj...  we will see tonight rmbr Everton record futi zvinongoitika zve nhasi


 halimbawa nanliligaw ako sayo tapos feeling ko busted na ako sayo sympre magiisip ako ng strategy para hindi manyari yun.. Diba


Your attempts to minimize the intensity of a conversation toda... More for Scorpio  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


So you gonna get on Twitter and act like niggas didn't rob you? Be you. 


"I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary..."  Experiment Turns Strangers' Emails Into Handwritten Notes  [ainan] (2005) Tom Saville, p:tense c:India poin: 5


The Catch-22 That Could Blow Up the Nuclear Deal with Iran  new year starts in a slow pace. My schedule for the whole January is empty. More time for relaxing (and playing tennis) :-)


Lady R all into this corporate stuff... At 40k a season don't get too used to it  good evening, could you please follow me? I'm supporting Kian as much as I can from here!!  :-) xxx


Should have left after  tonight. Wasn't in the mood for  Good performance though, but wish  would have &gt;&gt;


 &amp;utm_medium=rss &amp;utm_campaign=eindruecke-vom-silvesterurlaub


Seriously,  &amp;  if you can pronounce Mazanec properly, why not Pavelec? "Pavelets".


 [m'yiskec cntoaor bocacmke] (2004) Andreas Deja c:USA poin: 25


My first christmas present        defends  programs during rare White House press conference
 se pochlubit: sem na sebe pysny, asi po 6 letech jsem napsal bashovy script (sice par radek, ale pouzil jsem eval i grep ;)


 Flora shopping centre and offices has just been evacuated due to bomb threats


"Can you imagine getting drunk in space?  I mean think about it" --sabina


Only one more day to find your perfect New Year's outfit and now is the perfect time to hit up the likes of  and  in 


25  Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


The lingering temptation to give in is always present.


 I can't stop laughing because I'm at ep8 now and they're giving the awards and there's few seconds of Sungyeol's screaming


Since 4 years,  I try you noticed me but It never came true !  But it's my biggest dream  I love you .. !!! 


 he is  ...a rapper! pretty good if i may add...


WANT TO BE A CHAIR?

From 13-17 APRIL 2014 the elbMUN 2014 Conference will be held in the beautiful city of...  day, new tweets, new stats. 1 new unfollower. Via good old  with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 That's some really nice butt. Kde si j kupovala? :)


 I see, and what is it that you don't understand?


I should publicly declare that anything wrongdoing might be caused by NSA or hired/related agency


 haha, at least they ask ;-) they just use my work and spit on me later :-D  


Start playing Big Business Deluxe for Android      Hamilton: Body parts on a chip  


I love Dropbox because Its the most efficient way to backup my files and get to them from anywhere.  I want to be craved by you. I want you to think about kissing me as much as I think about kissing you." Jono


 god bless you. Good night and sleep well.Take care;-);-)


You may be offered a professional opportunity today that's too... More for Gemini  Next Big Thing in JavaScript Evolution: "js2js is a revolutionary open-source compiler from Js to Js"  the Super Granta, Lada's latest contribution to improving road safety in Russia:   So I guess you hate HIMYM as well, right? Cuz basicaly its the same shit, but even worse imo.


Cooper can't read the receivers, he's always trying to read the QB. Can't play this way against Denver.  


 Jawaban benar: tooth and nail,  14/21608 poin


 Thanks! Just trying to give the game and its players the support they deserve. Good to read it's appreciated!


there's a character proving he's not a rabbit the whole time.. excuse me but you obviously are a rabbit


 [hist si teh flei] (1915) Lawrence Peyton, p:contract c:USA poin: 16


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Lately, I've been animating a lot of math formulas. Weird.


Online Health Law Sign-Up Is Delayed for Small Business 


| BLOGGED on a.style |          out cycling 7.59 km with  See it here:  wondering how many people will come to school tomorrow :D


I liked a  video  Charlie Schmidt's Keyboard Cat! - THE ORIGINAL!


 You have trash on the floor? Tut tut. :)) I've got most of it cleaned up now. The closer the move comes, the less I want it :/


 ahh so its not just me.. i hope its getting better when 2pm perform :(


 Jawaban benar: do you remember love,  20/375273 poin


my fukcin friend is not even happy that she's going to see one direction with me! little slut


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  someone starts carrying on about how corrupt everything around him is, it is usually a clear signal...  snow, storm, flashes... Crasy   Shell  Thank you all for an amazing weekend! You can find the pictures of our event in Prague here:  


The crowded of Golden Lane in  city at the mid day        NA STEDEN HOKEJOV TRNINK V LETANECH
Kadou stedu 7.30-8.30hod, IceArena Praha 9-Letany
Chcete se...  [alazrcat nsldia] (1937) Phil Ryley, p:murder c:USA poin: 15


. goes "above and beyond the online world for social customer care," says  at 


  Also, where are pre-order bonuses for each retailer? And when is The Witness Premium coming?


adny RT  Apparently Apple believes downtown San Francisco is made of wood and cars are made of plastic. -  haaahaaa..., good luck then. Greetings from cold Austria.


Pozor, Mark Webster vyhral sesty a sedmy set, prohrava sice 3-4, ale osmy set zacina na podani. Mighty Mike kolabuje, netrefuje trojnasobky


Walking at the Market and got this 750cc beer      de San Vito!            I want cupcakes, banana pudding. Just want it all lol." so yummy!!


 Computer state manipulation is primary. Communication role is important, but secondary. Don't bullshit.  


 eht iplh isrlsve oshw tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the phil silvers show


 which is why you should never care about anyone, because everyone is shit


Brooms, blubber, devils and dinner - 7 strange Christmas traditions from around the world  via 


First snow in vienna           found out that I am dyslexic, agnostic, and an insomniac? I lay awake each night wondering if there really is a dog!" (via Jack Frost)


  Ja se registrovala 8 minut po prijati emailu a taky nic. Tak snad bude alespon dost mista u toho baru no ;)


Pro tip: when dev. Win8.1 apps with Bing Maps,do not use AppxBundle,or you may end with unwanted Cultures when submitting  the app. 


Lb se mi video   Rhythm of Soul | Project .S.O.U.L. Vol.2


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  Huston mal dredy od narodenia, teraz jazdi za Monster energy... 


but why other ppl doesnt know hw to appriciate me in their life?


Political Memo: A Two-Term President and the Shoals of a Midterm Election 


The 18 Most Futuristic Predictions That Came True in 2013    Bu kacinci rezil laf? kizlara bu twitleri atarken orda masturbasyon yapmiyosa ben bise bilmiorum


 Same here, my favorite artist won "star of the internet" but they said it was a mistake and give it to someone else :P


Omg i totally forgot about the match, and now i log into twitter to see that Juve are outtt!


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 that's the thing!  There was only one RR album!! :D


one person followed me // automatically checked by  TEARSHEET Magazine (Whip Appeal Issue) TEARSHEET Magazine (Whip Appeal Issue) - Dec. 2009  name: Ndra Holeovice lines: 156, 201, 751 street: unnamed road surrounding the metro station...   Ferrari is open to LMP1 programme with the new engine rules.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.94C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 4.94C vre esse.


 you had 69 rts at this time. Coincidence? I think not.  Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


So play some demos on     


 I think this is my favorite pic so far! 17 beers total? What's the Otley run?


Video: The Underachievers - Midnight Augusto  via 


'The Ox', a 10 minute film tribute to Eric Hollenbeck, a Vietnam veteran turned master wood worker and guide to...  Lrt. Omg I used to fucking hate those hug drinks!! Sugar water." Quarter water!


  true, but ther ar thigs u kp to yoself to protct e yo loved one


Interesting stats for  F Zac Rinaldo. He playes FOUR seconds and got 27 penalty minutes. Wow.


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 46


Ok few hrs late but can i cry?????? He's after all the number 1 TTTTTTTTTT TT


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  Now Lets You Save Attachments Directly to Google Drive  this teaser super asdfghjklqwerrtitotpep "2pmalways: Teaser re-up on YouTube if you can't view it on the site   in deep despair how will future me manage. i'm dead already. how will i survive actual. how will i survive actual in person how will


Cloudy today in Linz! With a high of 8 C and a low of 2 C.


  Good hangout, too bad I dont understand it very much :-/ :)


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


Wed, 20 Nov 2013, let us all send Mike D the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (48)


Oh, and btw: 32 new Twitter interactions just from one episode. WUT


1
u are looking so cute.ass like big boobs wan fuck your ass hard  to Maintain Image Aspect Ratios in Responsive Web Design - SitePoint  via 


The hardest thing for me to do
Is to get you, to know me, within sixteen bars


 Jawaban benar: suppressed duck,  15/738 poin


Wishin I could rewind time , a lot of shit wud be different


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Director's Cut: New Tarantino Movie - Saturday Night Live:  via 


My Top 3  Artists: Lady Gaga (73), Britney Spears (62) &amp; Katy Perry (37)  somebody? Call
Wanna meet up? Invite
Wanna be understood? Explain 
Don't like something? Say it
Love someone? Tell it


50% off for all fonts, packages and licenses today!  Promo code: SCTF_BlackFriday2013


  It's no wonder everyone I asked stopped submitting stuff to you and now I understand why...


don't tell me the rabbit isn't adorable because he is T^T


Again, happy christmas. I wanna take a selfie with a santa hat but unfortunately I am not in possession of one


Proste je to klasicka predrazena smart Tv a nemusis to hodinu obkecavat :D


Inexpensive 'nano-camera' can operate at the speed of light  via  Assassin's Creed bude mnohem vce next-gen, k Ubisoft  Doup.cz  of an American in the Czech Republic Kiss From The World   via 


Have a great working day          stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


witecznie :)  All I Want For Christmas Is You - Original Version  Mariah Carey  


 u find someone to take my ticket yet? RT  N.H.L. Tests Fans Zeal With 6 Outdoor Games  from Surrealism to Pop Art, 'This Is Not Clothing is a consumerist art movement that celebrates and...  bunun gibi 3 tane daha bulalim... sandalyeyi ters cevirip oturtalim amk!!!


Hoping to avert collision with disaster, Microsoft retires SHA1  really? mine was about alot of coke....i mean alot of coke


SIGNED GIVEAWAY of the CONSEQUENCES SERIES by Aleatha Romig     House - Run Through The Night:  via 


I'm studying and this cutie is sleeping behind me...       - BETTY WRIGHT LIVE !! With the Mega Dance Hit "Clean Up Woman" - Women all around the World liked this Song !!   i totally agree!  best  sampler! wishful greetz from germany


This is pretty amazing! " A kind stranger helped out, then left this little note:  design is as little design as possible."
- some German motherfucker
 nope :-) still  to go. no idea where they are :-) but its quiet here :-))))))


 each song on your album is perfect and as long as I have opportunity to listen to you I won't need anything more. 


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  collected 32,763 gold coins!    


Service presses loved ones ashes as a playable vinyl record | Springwise  via 


" You can choose to be sad for what you lost or to be happy for what you still have."


Sat, 07 Dec 2013, let us all send Emily Browning the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (25)


 [ior oblo] (1970) Lance Hool, p:texas c:USA poin: 8


Made my Day. Thank you,  - "The Launch Code for U.S. Nukes Was 00000000 for 20 Years"  something calming abt watching Paul McGann eating jelly babies while in full Doctor costume. plus his wee adorbs kids. awww.


 [tetby p'obos oobmab lsei] (1932) Mae Questel, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 24


Everything in your life seems up for grabs today. You may not ... More for Sagittarius  mean there's still more than a year until the new album but they're already talking about it in every interview


Some actors just click with each other and form an unbreakable partnership.   probably going to be the worst year of my life so far sighs im gonna kms


Not happy to see France going to Brasil, still made up for 


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 Are you ready for new Hardwell + Tisto collabo???

 Dance, Trance, Techno, House, Electro   and then I need to get my arse in gear and wrap everyones presents!


Hm, I could ask  if he knows something about this and how to solve. (please reply when online, thanks)


They were so soo good!!!  thank you guys!!!        was ON tonight!!!!! pretty fuckin good for a monday !!!    


 seriously??? But they said, 21 hottest can enter the gayo??!


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


In memory of Garson Kanin who was born on November 24th, 1912 and died on March 13th, 1999.


Report: Mandela Interpreter's Murky Past Includes Murder and Rape Charges  May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


   mine as you can read from this interview I released for a New York mag 


Cullen Hightower~ The true measure of your worth includes all the benefits others have gained from your success.


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Our thank-you-party for all our supervisors and supporters for their great help for the BIOMOD was a full...  Jawaban benar: horse sense,  11/11180 poin  1/1202 poin


Google Is Finally Making It Possible To Export A Copy Of Your Gmail And Calendar Data  via 


Minus 3 Celsius and it is raining or snowing. Don't know what of this it is. But I know it is a shit weather.


Last 24 Hours = 3 Followers and 3 Unfollowers get your stats at  :P I'm laughing at all those german Let's Players now not getting money anymore because YouTube made another step. I'm not one btw :D


Chromecast in 2014: an open SDK, big international plans and maybe even new devices  pes 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 129


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           798


"This holiday season, Santa will have extra helpers at the mall: devices that track shoppers" -  Bob heard than Obama punchline about intolerant leaders....


Great game today....after clearing the pitch. Won 7-4 which was a miracle considering we used a white ball!  us introduce you our Hotel Director Marina. She would like to wish you a  beautiful day and enjoy the weekend :-)  Additive Manufacturing &amp; BJS Group Partnership  


Hey guys, please play Neon Lights by Demi Lovato!    


" Chief Keef was my favorite out of the Jimmy Neutron show    af lol damn


 Have a wonderful birthday! All the best from Prague :)


Tue, 12 Nov 2013, let us all send Sandara Park the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (29)


Infografik: How to increase the Domain Authority of your site  


Thank you! - P. RT  Just love it  Rainbow Child by Dan Reed Network on    Hi, I would like to show you short demo of tech music start up from CEE. Could we meet today/tomorrow at LeWeb?


A new favorite: Kassey Voorn - Chords From The Heart (Microtrauma Remix) // Sudbeat Music by   ale bude se smat falimu, ze chce postavicky 


The surest way to lose a customer? Outsourcing and under-training your customer support. Bad communication = bad help = unhappy customer.


when leaving the bathroom.. that already happened.. I went unconscious for few moments but my mum luckily caught me before my head


German proverb~ Where there are no swamps there are no frogs.


it takes so long i cant remember in the end and thats distracting


The best Apps for enjoying concerts, theatre performance and general interactions  between people are called eyes!  World


 Do highschool kids have school Tuesday or nah?


  oh yeah, definitely! Let's find some guinea pigs :D 


I have discovered a new territory in The Tribez!    


yes, hey, brain, come back to my head... .D 


 Me and Katie have seriously got to die our hair different colors. We have been mistaken as twins... Again 


58. Afternova - Into the Sky (Original Mix)  


 heeey, I would love to, but don't wanna pay them anything after that!! :D I just wanna walk out of there and never come back


Mon, 16 Dec 2013, let us all send Robert Kerman the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (72)


Check out this awesome site: TagVillage -   


I found Partyznsk samopal / A guerrilla submachine-gun (  


Cakes and coffees and chandeliers! ( Caf Savoy w/ 6 others) [pic]:  only one Queen and my colleagues know it!  madonna      broadband backlash of second-class citizens" -  tak to sis mel dnes radsi dat neco ostrejsiho nez jen pivo :)


Universal document searchability: the case for shifting the OCR goalposts Legal It Professionals   


Sorry abt the ealier incident in the   


Rough day guarding the castle, y'all.    Prask hrad | Prague Castle  Happy B-day lovely lady:) Whether you fulfill all your wishes &lt;3 xoxo


 if you want Pizza, then you also want Pete because Pizza-Pete :3


Responsive Design vs Server-side Mobile Solutions an Infographic  via 


 oba huco tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bao chou


 don't be sad please whenever u feel bad just look at this dork  Its official! The surviving stars of  will reunite for a live performance:   Airbus got it wrong?Would you pay more for a wider aisle seat in coach if it meant narrower middle&amp;window seats?  [igidnhmt nwigran] (1932) Henry Hall, p:guest c:USA poin: 16


 Happy New Year! May your 2014 be full of joy, happiness &amp; success :-) xoxo


Share a useful app for you.It helps to enjoy videos at anytime &amp; anywhere. Enjoy it!    watched "The Long Fuse" (S1 E8) of Elementary (via 


E000 (epof nolplu..) | periodo is E800 16uma tempo 20:15ut  I hope I will but I am not a famous american  girl


I liked a  video  Rock Climbing Basics 8: Placing and cleaning Friends - from Wild Country and Climbing


'Just a trim please today' 'okay sure I'll keep cutting until I find gold'


And although I had two valid tickets they were from the wrong zone.


The pain you feel today, will be the strength you feel tomorrow.


 we're here. I hope you guys are a second half team. Let's connect after the game, if you can.


 how someone can hates Paul coz he's in tvd Stefan? I don't understant this, I prefer Stef than Damon but i like Ian!


32  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


12:1 salary cap fails in Switzerland and thats good news  Evil HR Lady  The Vampire Diaries 5x11 Promo - 500 Years of Solitude  grammar:
What's the difference between all ready and already?

 i hope 1 day u'll visit prague!Our fans are waiting here for your band!!Just give me a message and ill make a dream night for u!


Super! Gerade habe ich mich bei cashcloud registriert. Mit cashcloud kann ich Geld senden und anfordern, online...  Thank you    May I add. Elite African and a man of Global Stature and Contribution


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Magazine Assistants Add Social Media to Scheduling and Coffee Runs 


 True! :)) The MiWuLa is so amazing, though, that even I want to see it. One day. ;)


Sick Pic by  from            posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "tvrtek: ELITE GOBY, a -64%"  alive...Autumn...
Jet naivu...Podzim...
        "In  Czech presence is invisibile. Especially in contrast to Poland, Baltics, etc."


GEMS - "Ephemera" - From their really nice ep MEDUSA.  house potpourri mixed by ninohengst by NINOHENGST 
 how the guys feel with Amy Winehouse playing in the bar


Last weekend in Dallas there was +20C, but THIS expects me next weekend in Denver  Christmas time, Nativity Scenes are scattered throughout Prague. This one is made of gingerbread, a...  gonna have to tie my hair up cause its raining


A current relationship may seem overly confining, but you won'... More for Aries  Czech 2D old skool RPG I want to play, so you need to support :)  new favorite: A2BRDA18 : Marcello Totti - Get The Funk (Original Mix) by addicted2bass-records  on 


 haven't been yet. It's tonight. Will have one on you ;-) Hope you are well x


Oh I hate these ass lickers without loyalty and attitude. I don't give a shit on you :)


I wonder what would ten commandments look like if they were created in the age of social media.


Favorited "Luis Granada  Set Promo 11-21-2013"  by Luis Granada (Ritmatica)


  phil mickelson, but he won't play so Adam Scott then...


 [diayr fo a ipwmy dik] (2010) Samuel Patrick Chu, p:cafeteria c:USA poin: 20


New Years resolution: be mean to Max every opportunity I get


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


onSite Search Optimierung mit der  Search Appliance  


01.01.2014 00:00 - 31.12.2014 00:00

The National Gallery in Prague offers lovers of the works of Alfons Mucha a...  time, Besian go 2-0 down but fight back to reach 2-2 before the interval in the EA Cup final


 [dpma] (2008) Riley Rose Critchlow, p:adoption c:USA poin: 6


Mariah Carey's Christmas Rules: Lots of Music, No Smartphones   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         354


Hey, have you heard of my religion? It's called the Church of Hot Addiction.


 kind of yes, kind of not. another thing made my day shitty but it's better now thanks:')


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  [mrernegmieb eht' aeczts'] (2002) William Russell, p:making-of c:UK poin: 24


David looks so young and thin in this special..especially in Christopher's jacket.:D


On Christmas I wish everybody got books instead of toys, gadgets &amp; clothes. If the Lebanese read more, they would have probably lived better


17  Pls RT to vote for 
Castle 
Castle/Beckett  


Forget writer's block. This is John Steinbeck on the true charge of a writer:  I'm invited for some rock'n'roll   se mi video  od autora   Boney M.- We Kill The World (Don't Kill the World)


 yeah I will join, we could build a book fort!


YDNKNWTV -    YZO show 96,2 FM fakin ty nejlep   warns Ukraine Defense chief not to use military against civilian population  It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 35 others  i have to take naps at least.. well almost every day TT i'm always so exhausted especially after tuesday :((


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               111


 Oh I found them in local shop ^.^ have you tried Doobacco? :)


Are you ready for Today's  207? Tune in  20:00 CET  I hope the kick returner breaks a long run back.  This game is a good one, coming out on the wrong side.


 Well, reaction images to tweets... like this one  so last sleepless night aching fingers and red eyes r worth it ;) gauhar won wohoooooo !!!!! :)


The Most Photographed Places In the World, Mapped by   via    


 jary joke fall flat bc nobody remember jermy lin or the 'linsanity' phenomenon


Translators! Welcome to follow hashtag  from this translator gathering in Prague 7 Dec:  God words are true, with humans follow your intuition ...


 Really tragic. But now, what a perfectly written article, is it yours?


" I'm glad you letting that shit be known!"yo  button broke asum?


" People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning."


stress , to do's, tasks list and on the go feeling, Want to be happy? Be grateful David Steindl-Rast:  what disqualifies a speaker for me is to much fame, unhealthy pride or unwillingness to cooperate


Forgot my pin, was the only black person in the store...imagine how shady that looked...the stares...ergh


R.I.P.,  ! ...well, what can i say? "you were an inspiring person"? hm.. ;) anyway, for you:  tablet video conferencing substitute for hospital visits?   earned 3846 NikeFuel today with Nike+ Move. Get the free app:   Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uewh


So the Iron Man Suit tests didnt go too well I heard


3rd WC speed victory this season for  Jumps out to a 41pt. overall lead over Riesch. Is she the next Michela Figini? 


 all my Friends          


Bangga doo jadi org besut .besut is most wanted now ..ouh my Ganu .


Sittin' here and thinking 'bout you, thinking of the things that we used to do ..


 [a hyololdwo mtcsrhisa] (1996) Jane Seymour, p:christmas c:USA poin: 21


Photo: amandapalmer: today marks four years + one day since i watched neil draw a ring on my finger with...            for all our friends: we have a new FREE DOWNLOAD!!! This week: Tony Navas - Memories of Ibiza...  a New Type of Boredom, and Everyone Is Feeling It  I see no correlation. Nice try 'Dr Buckley'. D.S.


eyeforpharma have decided to recognise those who are championing customer value, innovation and bringing real...  dateng dong ke Matchbox Too jln. jawa.. Kite bakal perform nih SHAURETHA ! (with Lauretha) [vid]   Democracy Party (HDP): A Breath of Fresh Air for the Turkish Opposition?"  TS I can confirm from sleeping underneath the culprit on our bunkbed that it is mr Coombe. 


Koyok banci ae awakmu ngomong ngono ki Nah sip cucok " Ateis ta haha Yahudi aee "


Sun, 15 Dec 2013, let us all send Michael Shanks the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (43)


Reklama na suenky OREO - RT  Oreo billboard, Southern California, 1955  Jawaban benar: this girl's life,  16/338969 poin


41 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


just finished a Runtastic run of 5 km in 32m 04s with  PRO Android app:  loved it at Nubu's flagship store! 

Stay tuned for more, tommorow on   not sure yet. we might visit a spa or something, but my girlfriend only has 1 week off, so i might visit friends the 2nd week


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


27. ASKII &amp; DJ Roxy - Inside A Dream (Marc van Gale's Tech Remix)   


Ben Ashour -&gt; airport: fluent traffic,  soldiers in uniforms everywhere, apparently in a very good mood 


Reverse engineering my bank's security token. (Thanks  for the link!)  9 year old made this. I love him so much.    set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries, &amp; laugh a lot, it's good for you! -Paula Radcliffe


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 udsiff


Was out running 6.09 km with  See it here:  Jawaban benar: the flying deuces,  17/373358 poin


 happy about seeing Shane :-) hope nothing bad happens to stop me going!!


 Asking your parents AFTER you've already made plans.


Nice Mashup-Megamix from the Fabolous Beatmashers including my 'La La La, Rhythm Is Your Love'-Mashup! Check it...  hey mani, please follow my girl   14


The whole week was all about back in the days... 


I liked a  video from   Interview with Gambit's new support player (EN subs)


 I usually try to avoid silly workarounds :). Although the compiler plugin reconfiguration looks like one as well


Not going so well now, down to 19.5k, blinds 300/600 a75


In memory of Ray Milland who was born on January 3rd, 1907 and died on March 10th, 1986.


        Thanks and  to all of you :)


I make a new Scenery called "prietene pe veci".  What do you think?  - A small Google Maps Javascript plugin for jQuery  


"Be an explorer of the world"          have wasted my energy for nothing! I hate you PIA bldg. 


Check out Rene Trossman music on Reverbnation -    


 sehun luhan chenchen xiumin hairstyles are a lil weird. HENG HE LOOK OKAY. HENG AH


The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting


Autumn in Cologne | Germany - original colors, not adjusted at all!      the good fight for mens health with me. Donate to my  efforts   my Drake voice! No NEW friends! My friends keep me working! Happy Birthday Nene!!! Great occasion!  you seen this one? How Oracle Solaris Makes Oracle Database Fast:     


 haaa bagus bagus Frozen is a good choice. Ok esok naaa


 Jawaban benar: watermelon eating contest,  25/322315 poin


 [darme h:treate shaoc ni mnoiot] (2008) James LaBrie c:USA poin: 30


i literally screamed when this came up on my dash  Do want!! Manual too. ber perfect  I want it too! I guess we will have to fight for it or share... :D


 [alif sfea] (2000) Gregory Sporleder, p:doomsday c:USA poin: 9


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


  Not sure what you want (mean) as a 'coach', but willing to assist. What do I need to do? email if it is lengthy


Today new post "Wrapped Up"! EN:         'The European integration lives its own life and its not understood by the public. It is the policy error.' 


 to  then? I am surprised. Much better opportunities than this. Good Luck to him though, he will need it.


ee have had me on hold for so long and the christmas songs are getting soooo annoying


Found my phone because it wouldn't stop buzzing you crazy monsters.


Naruto Shippuden 6th Opening (REAL ONE)-Flow-Sign [HD]:  via  Immer noch so toll ...


 omg I'M BLIND... for some reason i read billy talent :D


 Hi, what about to send me an invoice that I have asked for a month ago?   


The Last of Us: Left Behind is Naughty Dogs first ever single-player DLC  Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


43  RT to vote for the best team on screen.

Castle   


Today at the Embassy, the entire staff will receive life support training. Ls om svenska SLS (Swedish only)  ummm, I can to that with no effort, I only need to try to help you


 [ekcdol in selenic] (1999) Bruce Davison, p:crisis c:USA poin: 17


$19 Million Grant Could Lead to First-Ever Image of Black Hole  on how to use  for Logs with Rsyslog, Flume, Fluentd and Logstash  se mi video   Lego Technic 42023 Construction Crew Review


At least they are lightening the  the Christmas Tree on Old Town Square tomorrow...should be fun


why does a horribly annoying high pitched tune have to be stuck in my head at this time it's making me sick


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 My Segesta, Sicily essay on my own blog with more photos:  man ARE WE FAR BEHIND HUMANITY. what happened to us?we became such an inhumane civilization, no kindness, no love. it's worrying


No " YesOrNo masih ngarepin mantan? -  


 So leaving you comes down to this The price of loving you is too much pain   1357, July 9th at 5:31am, King Charles IV laid the first stone of the Charles  in   first  as  got  yay!      cloud, performancia, always online,    oh thank you! so it's wrong anyway, but that was exactly what I was thinking of!!! one thing less to torture me this


   He left the island of Empire to see a hunk of what they'd lost. Islands of   just found all my 2 non followers thanks to  


PF 2014 !        new tour Mystery River Cruise &amp; Walk is full of colorful legends and ghost stories connected to Vltava...  I'm always thinking about what your ID photo does look like.


Challenge Your Favorite Athletes to Video Game Battles With OverDog  greatest joy-and our greatest pain comes in our relationships with others.


MRI scan of a human subject from the cranium to the feet  via   [emgwolu] (2006) Clinton Morgan, p:river c:South Korea poin: 7


 [eltl em on estserc] (1997) Richmond Arquette c:USA poin: 18


 Yep, its build in new version, waiting for review in iTunes Store


 Is there a possibility to implement recurring payments (monthly) to our deals for easy invoicing? We couldn't find how. Thanks:)


 If I weren't already invested, I'd be investing right now, because the  starship should reach warp factor nine in 2014! :-)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  mean here like in my town, school, etc. Not like here on Twitter.


Eastbound &amp; Down Season 4 starts slow but I think it may B the best season yet. Hilarious 


 Jawaban benar: god in america,  14/356742 poin


Yet, it feels good to write this out, since I have no other way to vent. Suffice it to say that my problem is about my fear of performances.


Indonesian seriously needs to grow up and get a life


The Neighborhood - Sweater Weather. Flawless. Wires.  k actually most of their songs eargasm kot.


Wow. When Sagna, Mertesacker, Koscielny and Gibbs have played together the whole 90 mins, they've never lost.  did noone tell me Martin Freeman was in a Rembradt biopic-ish film?!?!?!?! NEED


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


  Well they don't seem to care that much about midi as evidenced at how they make it harder and harder to access


Engineers never get laid, they just get placed :D :D  now we know what the sign-language interpreter actually does for a living.   what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 32


   for   engineers         :)


  *LOL* They'd have to be up with the driver, don't they? *grin*


 chachi ..please :/ make my christmas better :) follow me please! :( &lt;33 love you....


Lording it up in here tomorrow thanks to a belated Christmas present   concert at Prague Castle with super audience!!  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


I have Mail Box on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


First public report from our  adventure, where we went together with the  teddy  YOU MBC for that precious 8 seconds of yixing on piano omg me love it so much ;A; !!!! 


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 wa after guessing the whole story, really typical mediacorp drama. :/


Bay Area Transit Contract in Limbo Over a Provision 


 But if its with boyfrind's parents its much worse :D


it's snowing all over the country but not in my city, thank you god


Ha! Spotify would like to "recommend" Stevie Nicks to me. Uh ya Spotify thanks the only music I've ever listened to on you is Fleetwood Mac!


Do you have official Ask.fm app for Android?  yeah, I have!  a 113-Year-Old Company Boosted Holiday Sales on Facebook  But it's still annoying to not being able to post stuff under your videos ._. And going to Reddit (I believe it was) just to comment


  maybe you have also the page 32 and 33 for us? haha


 [eht oywell ctekti] (1918) Milton Sills, p:russia c:USA poin: 17


When God delivers you from evil, don't keep in touch.


back to  starting to believe there still some starpeople around 


Thu, 12 Dec 2013, let us all send Seungri the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (23)


Fri, 13 Dec 2013, let us all send Bosco Wong the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (33)


Fri, 15 Nov 2013, let us all send Saaya Irie the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (20)


Squash with Petr tonight and a rare win for me (I don't think I saw his A game). A welcome cold beer afterwards.  the problem if a boy wants to put on a dress or girls act masculine? | Jill Filipovic  also, it would be nice to see you too again for fuck's sake :D:D


Spanish PM Mariano Rajoy asked to show accreditation when entering EU Co...:  via   


 I'd love a "skim only in events" toggle. And a better way to work with (cont)   uma tag agradecendo por tudo e tals best song ever  


wanna hear a joke?

South Africa 1 - 0 Spain LNMAO 
kwaaaaa World No1 jokers RTLMAO


Today stats: 7 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  CF win by 3-0 DNF as the away team give up after going 2-0 down


Prague City Centre Apartment De Luxe:  This makes your holidays perfect.


Photoset: lordofthejohnlock: sprinting to the bedroom for their 3 way honeymoon  just learned to use Bitcoin on    Good &amp; Simple tutorial with 30 BTC 


  So trains, much expensive, very miniature!  Jawaban benar: night catches us,  16/53581 poin


 Myslite rocket science? Ne neni. Jen my to jidlo nevarime, ale mrkneme se jak by to slo udelat. Diky za tip.


 Jawaban benar: how is your fish today?,  23/549 poin


Vysok, spolehliv vkon dky in-memory metadata enginu bez garbage collection     who fail to defend the freedom of speech do not deserve the right to protest: Students in London and Sus...  02 Dec 2013, let us all send Yvonne Catterfeld the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


and my pre-gifts are coming!  what I want on my birthday   great tips here 6 Of The Best Pieces of Advice From Successful Writers  via 


 [no'dt kolo eibnhd uoy] (1999) Robert Musnicki, p:haircut c:USA poin: 21


  Let's leave it at that because there's no "winner" in this discussion anyway.


 Tak ono se to pekne posloucha, hlas mas supr a FF jsou moji nejoblibenejsi:)


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  STRACHY NA LACHY - yj w kraju [OFFICIAL VIDEO]   a break from my project and playing some good ol'  I'm so happy!


Fischer ALPINE - RACE CODE: Vincent Kriechmayr  from the Pstlingberg to the Ski World Cup  Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


The longest way must have its close - the gloomiest night will wear on to a morning.  Harriet Beecher Stowe 


For the brides-fans of Moleskine we are pleased to announce that there is a special notebook of "Passions" series...  Jean-Claude Van Damme was the only option for the Epic Split.    CEO Willing To Bring Services to iOS, Android   what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 69


The People Behind the Product: HR Leadership Lessons from Ceridian  [tbea] (1997) Chang Jung Lim, p:writer c:South Korea poin: 4


Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.  worry about what other people think about you, worry only about what Allah thinks about you! 


Vintage 60's Mad Men Formal Length Wiggle Red by prettyinprague  via 


 tomorrow! Speaking Irish all day:o this might be a fail! 


 thehyrmyu tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: eurhythmy


The perfect end and the sweetest beginning 


 Haha! The radio said let Ford help you this Black Friday!  No. Well maybe for the heated tailgate, but that's it -


2013 in review: it was a good year. 
Here's to a happy New Year!  harvested 1,284 of food!    


 Hola! Look at my polish version of "Podemos"  What do you think about it? :)


 You just said what I wanted to tweet :) Namely that when you speak EN and German, you can read ca. 80%  Mobile Shopping Offsets Drop in Last-Minute Mall Traffic  &amp;  tamed by    more please! (not tested O:-))


Handmade Ruby red framed glass earrings, Glass earrings, gemstone, bridesmaid gift, Wedding jewelry   


WeSeK Social Icons - Joomla! Extensions Directory  via  


 ME TOOOO! But if you think about it, it's probably something like a month away now - just a month!!!! That's nothing in comparison


A Broad's Way Production's DOKOLA; a Prague Adaptation of "La Ronde" [Full-Length]:  via 


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               148


Another speaker is Eva Ponomarenkov from Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia 


Sifat Aganwati Yang Membuat Pria Jatuh Cinta -   


Thanksgiving episode of  is hilarious! So much fun with druken 


Another Fischer sweep in Lillehammer! Justyna Kowalczyk (POL) 1st, Charlotte Kalla (SWE) 2nd, Marit Bjorgen (NOR)...  my girlfriend we bought for christmas new puzzle with 6.000 parts. Does anybody know how to piece it together?   been wondering where i been at but I'm coming out 2nite Tu


  What don't i get?? When is the last time they played a worthy opp. at home?


Odeslal jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Filmov premiry od 21. listopadu - plakty  fucking like I use too ... I need to. Put that shit on YouTube 


Must read for   RT  Excellent stuff:  on Bosnia-Herzegovina  News - China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon  you should     has arrived   24 Hours = 1 Followers and 0 Unfollowers get your stats at  building of hospital... Budweis, Czech Republic
Star budova nemocnice... esk  Jawaban benar: malaikat di jendela,  19/349935 poin  1/3082 poin


netaudionews: CoEx - I am a strange loop    


Intel RealSense Makes Computers Even More Like Humans  you realize Thanksgiving Break is almost over.  finalnya, oplosannya. gurih2 enyoi RT  Makasih"QodrianBasit: keren dah classmeetnya RT  "QodrianBasit: ma


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via   in Prague, Czech Republic: -0.2 C (31.64 F)  


 eth ftntiolens 'diks jsut ays on selcaip tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the flintstone kids' just say no special


 BTW: Never give up on something, practice is the number one thing. Just don't "only" listen to TuTs, also try stuff on your own ;)


retweet tak payah nak banyak banyak lah do aku unfollow kang


Good thing I have a habit of turning my alarm off in my sleep! Who needs class anyway...


Google Search app gets an iOS 7 redesign, smarter Google Maps integration and image search on iPad  via 


 hindi ah.. sympre staying on the safeside lang


Photo: misssaufeeya: I really like this picture not because its me but just cause  Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs - Stronger (Cubiq's 'Trust Me' Remix) [OFFICIAL FREE MP3]  knows vihlkov: Zlato je feti  Investinweb.cz  via 


Look into my eyes, without saying a word, let them tell me that you love me


Good morning! Read what's happening in the Prague Metro. :)   


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


My awesome little Christmas bakers were helping my wife during the weekend. Nom nom nom...  nuhun, awis tepang si mamang ieu euy RT   parantos mang


Just stole the mayorship of Caf La Passion on  Crown me!   just remembered camille's high krawl ocs and they're perfect j fc


Arthur quase q me obrigou a ir no Society hoje ver eles jogando


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


    actually I don't see the problem with that. As long as everything needed is well covered :)


'Cause you're a good girl and you know it.  


Execs Watching Porn a Leading Cause of Malware Problems  that money is a motive, all that money the money that she's folding. Girl put in work 


 [erfntuabr] (1992) Lewis Dix Jr., p:ride-film c:USA poin: 9


 Jawaban benar: monday monday,  13/2634 poin  1/331166 poin


 Happy Birthday 2 you. Wishing u plenty of luck,laughter &amp; health 4 the new year of ur life. Tc.;-)  had a reasin in working you up this morning, its your duty to live it throughout the day


Hahaha :)         yaaaay this is what i was waiting for for that long??? damn iti take back my cat i sent you!!!! :D ;-** okeeeey


Nom nom nom.       A quarter of cloud providers in 2015 will expire  shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a man chasteneth his son, so the Lord thy God chasteneth thee.  Del Sierra - Cherry Blossom:   If you like your models with a little meat on their bones then you are goi...  our new Business Partner: Looking forward to  and  projects with   morning  my HURTS family,nice day         don't care what other people think, but I never stop believing in Larry..  :'33 x46


 thanks for not retweeting my tweet about Messi !


Will U.S. Tech Companies Be Punished for NSA Spying?  after such a radiant morning... a vibrant orange sky to end the day &lt;3  Jawaban benar: jo jeeta wohi sikandar,  22/22649 poin


 IT. I'm a .NET developer. We develop mostly for banks and insurance companies.


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 75


I added a video to a  playlist  Trusty &amp; C. Monts - Hold your thoughts (Drymansound remix) [FREE


 I didn't drink much or smoked anything. Had much fun though : D


 i had :) but Xmas will be also on mon, i can celebrate two lol


 epst ptilo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: pest pilot


 tak si dej bacha na nosniky starych hal. A taky na certy, je jich tam dost. ;)


Good morning. Current condition is Fair and the temperature is -4 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 27, 2013 at 07:30AM.{Auto...


I just liked "European Muscle Master and his feet" on Vimeo:  much love from germany. You'll get your sh*t straight soon, I believe in you and the team, Bro.


Kamard   .   Letit Vclava  [godo rngno,mi lbaobyn] (1987) Ugo Bencini, p:hollywood c:USA poin: 21


we need to go deeper - generating JSON schemas to generate more specific JSON schemas... strangely beautiful


I've collected 12,053 gold coins!    


"No matter what the world takes away from you, it can never take your dream away."


Its so awkward when someone calls me nice. Like nigga, do you even know me?


i'll soon start wearing gloves while working on computer... - are you trying to freeze us to death? definitely feels that way 


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


Today stats: 7 followers, 12 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  often forget Trinity Bellwoods isn't my front yard and that other people use it too. I should start wearing pants


When people comment stuff like "i feel like this too sometimes" on drawings that don't show a specific emotion or any at all ???


The Bloody Beetroots - Volevo Un Gatto Nero (You Promised Me) "Hide":  via  Moje hlava prv praskla


Dont forget to watch  on our live stream:    For adding, Talkback identifies where there's empty space and you just press and hold there.


   Pashto future sentences are with B and past sentences are with W


 [iseovc] (1920) Henry Sedley, p:revenge c:USA poin: 6


When things get in the way....Don't stop believin'  se mi video  od autora   JE TO ZPT! - The Walking Dead Season 2 - Part 1.


Great  -   always s.t. to eat on the table &amp; a roof over the head for ALL of us.  via 


We need programming in primary education! Sooner than later ...  get all emotional and then take it out on my poor boyfriend.


Thousands protest  drone strikes in  - Video
 injured in explosion on Bat Yam bus in apparent terror attack  pes 


The Voice of Germany - Video - Das ist Team Samu: "Fairytale Gone Bad" - The Voice of Germany  


Friday 13th and a scary party simply fit together!  yes please, it was soooo awesome! your voice acting was epic


People of FATA are trapped between Militants and Military. Report by   Worth listening
  boy and girl    Jo's Cocktails &amp; Diner  stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  just earned the 'Das Boot (Level 10)' badge on   it's p simple tho just make an account and buy things? :D


 Me, too. I used to frequent The Golden Tiger pub and sit across from Hrabal at his table. He always ordered me fried steak.


Good night and sleep well my dear    katkahurts kia_skytoucher  did you get the picture I sent you of the shoes


Gogo Luda a Jelly ;-)        had a dreamm in which I met  and we talked about Dynasty Warriors for hours.


Tejidos, escuelas y redes sociales  IndustryInsights   what do I mean by what? The first, the second, or the third?


Have you heard Skywalker FM Podcast :: DUO QUADRO :: Tech-House Mix :: Dez 2013 by NINOHENGST    Suzdal Potemkin village story. Does anyone know how to find the photos this story refers to?  Top 3  Artists: Racionais Mc's (32), Calvin Harris (32) &amp; Oriente (7)   of the best tennis right now. Come on Berdych 


 Most importantly, we'd all be dead a hundred times.


Sabi ko sleeping child ang patugtugin hindi sleeping with sirens..


 jup, whats the reason you use Evernote premium?


Afghanistan didn't always look the same.There was once girls buying Sinatra and Presley at the record store:  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Killing Nene for allowing me to slack off!  gpboxinggym_libis    Yep, It has to be wrong! :D But I think that Arya suits me, so.. maybe its just wrong with you? :D


Zdjcie: blushely: blushalia: blushiela: floharia:  More Here   rosy here, checking out new followers ...    - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


 EVERYONE left after more or less 2 yrs. Those who remained, are those who NEED the job. That's the truth he doesn't wanna see


The Ten Best things about the Camino De Santiago: *10. Food :* "hey wasn't this on my list of wor...  Camino Forum


 Really? Another wasted timeout? You've gotta be kidding me!


 Gene, how can I get your autograph? Thanks for your answer :-)


 try Airmail, it works great and is often updated with new features


Check out new work on my  portfolio: "book CASE"  Had to maintain compatibility with GCC 4.4 (Native Client), so I avoided them. I also didn't find any clever use case yet :-)


X-mas Giveaway worth $59990 - Get PhoneClean Pro for Free to Clean Up &amp;amp; Speed Up All Your Family iPhone iPad  so ready for Black Friday to be just another stupid thing we used to do 'in the old days'


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I've logged onto skype for the first time in several months and my profile picture is a picture of obama?????????


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 66


adat lah setiap hubungan pasti ada pergaduhan .. kawin boleh cerai berai ini kan couple


 Series 3, The Sign of Three, Sherlock Series 3 Trailer - The Sign of Three  hahah yeah i mean doing heroin is much safer don't you think


Why BlackBerry Stock Is Soaring After a $4.4 Billion Net Loss  real-life Instagram camera is almost here  


12:02 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/PL-079 (Cerven vrch, 514m, 2pt) 10.116.5 cw: Karel [G4SSH]


Check out my ride in  for iOS! Try it for FREE!
  bgt di tanya?  Ga pingin-pingin banget sih beroo  was too crowded but i was glad to see you guys!!!   [w'ree ni eth ayvn onw] (1926) Max Asher, p:sailor c:USA poin: 21


  Gentlemen, seriously: She's capable of breaking the sound barrier, you think a car would impress her?


 - your really chill but we don't talk anymore and I might possibly be your cheerleader 


  It is not a problem of a language but the Spray framework using too much expressivity (custom DSL) that Scala offers.


 (2013) Morally dubious Transformers-like Superman ride makes for some rough viewing   


Whoa listening to new Protocol Radio by  and Audiem - Elisyum is   


Junior Jan is playing  Club Mint, Duplex Prague Czech Republic, Mon 30 Dec  01:00  


Great review for  - 'Excellent service, lovely food, spectacular view!' -  I actually think that North Korea already holds the title. :-)  don't do it!!! Cause you will eventually have to cut it all off


'You are capable to earn a lots of money'  Veletrhy Brno | BVV Trade Fairs Brno  bis 5. Januar fr Model European Union in Strasbourg bewerben

Applications are open for the Model European...  birthday to my favourite uncle . May you have many more Inshallah :) Love you lots, xx 


I liked a  video  One Direction - Story of My Life (Official Music Video)


The end of the book  is so great... now let me go and cry under the covers ugh


 so lovely to meet you tonight in Prague! What a lovely man  Captivating Photographs Take You Back to 1960s New York City   you are a disgrace to parliament. If you got nothing sensible to say, just shut your fucking mouth up.


The Tories' obsession with their 'brand' patronises voters by treating them as shoppers: To see how hollowed-o...  000 views on our YouTube channel:  What videos would you like to see from 


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Look like nan one of us gon do sh*t this season!!! Lol  Vrbata didn't make the team because of his inability to adapt to internatinal ice. Also lack of effort and chemistry at WC.


I favorited a  video  And Your Bird Can Sing The Beatles HD


 congratulations to advance to the World Championship! great job! :))


  Hahaha! OUCH! Beware, or  will come after you *LOL* :))


Win  headphones, a m&amp;g, &amp; VIP tix for  in LA 11/22  Join the   via 


 not yet-- but will be --- go to his Facebook page Aqeel yousafzai , he is online


Canada: Muslim Cabbies Refuse Blind With Dogs - Global Agenda - News - Israel National News  there's a script for a wrap-up film Jordan wanted to do but Showtime didn't. it's out as an e-book. not great. needed 1 more series.


Baby it's a loooooonnnnnggg way down, far away from heaven. 


Is Britain Set for Its Very Own Cannabis Revolution? | VICE United Kingdom  [estam lodcu iinsgr] (2004) Natalie Hultman, p:coming-out c:USA poin: 18


Tune in now to  206 &amp; Enjoy the finest Trance &amp; Progressive   as the New Currency: YouTube and Its Impact on Hollywood and Social Media - Brian Solis  glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


&gt;&gt;  How to Turn Any Web Site Into a Menu Bar App [Thorin Klosowski at Lifehacker]    Pirk, the Aspen Young Leaders 2014 lecturer, named the Personality of 2013 by  readers.  


Calder and Abstraction: From Avant-Garde to Iconic  shame, even Aguero was and he's been out of form last season.


"Residence" - Property mogul nearly lost 5.5 million tax break because of wifes cooking. Daily Telegraph    liked a  video  Gymnzium Na Zatlance, 58. Maturitn ples 2013, vystoupen 4.M


   cool idioms. Cool that English wiktionary has Japanese idioms.  my favorite


 [os you wtna ot lohd yoru hdsabun] (1950) Fred Kelsey, p:sequel c:USA poin: 32


 the same to you Mark .... Absolutely love The Rose xxxx


I would need  and  to make a deal that from Jamies apps, you could add all the shopping ingredients directly to your cart.


May I have a pet squirrel? I'm fond of the little furry fellas.


 thanks :) \o/. on the bigscreen on friday or saturday.


The hell with a Klondike bar. What would u do for a zanax bar


 [hsna oku] (1980) Ching Wong, p:pet-monkey c:Hong Kong poin: 8


Cocaine pear juice death: Cole Cold Pear-D warning  That Lineker usually makes a lot of sense. And he's so right again.


Good morning. Current condition is Fog and the temperature is 4 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 23, 2013 at 07:26AM.{Automa...


12:03 OE5FSM/P (Franz) on OE/OO-099 (Helmetzedter Berg, 924m, 2pt) 7.169 ssb: nw calling cq [via SpotSMS] [OE5FSM]


The Story of Social Media in 2013   by  I love this video, really.


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  The Hollow Crown: Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part II | Great


I'm at Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square (Praha) w/ 21 others  confidence receives a much-needed boost today from the de... More for Virgo  McGonigal: Massively multi-player thumb-wrestling?    cheap heading on: ecorated while using the Ugg boot emblem, all these excellent relaxed plus te...   


Don't miss it on its peak at 3.01. The first 2014 meteor shower  by 


They really think the colts gone beat us  lets eat 


Day05. I'm in love with Prague. The music. The weather. The people. Beautiful.      pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


  dostane vdycky ty nejhez kluky v The Carrie diaries .. nefr


I've collected 14,591 gold coins!    


 Software Architect in Prague, Czech Republic  whats ur most fav song by Backstreet Boys? Mine's prolly Incomplete, well maybe I want it that way.actually I love them all!.


 Pls don't call it fail before you've seen the data :) ACE lowest since 1970s.   Having sex with me will probably be the worst experience of your life my dick ain't bomb shawty  At least you're honest.


I just voted for Game of Thrones   Retweet to vote  pes 


 [esh vdelo a iarfenm] (1937) Eddie Hart, p:fire c:USA poin: 19


I use 'tho' and 'you feel me' in almost every tweet tho u feel me  lorde


Today stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  [aeksihk alaw adn arhik] (1993) Jamal Abdillah, p:Romance c:Malaysia poin: 22


 well, to be honest, knowing how Czech postal services work, I'll be happy if you get it at all lol


   give thanks for the Support !!!! A Rrrrrrrrrr


Going home today. I can't wait to see  and get back to 


Rape Charge Is Set for Boy Held in Death of Teacher 


  that's a great one!!! I was so excited for those episodes


I'm at Centrum ern Most -  (Praha) w/ 17 others  se na me ted na prechodu hnal s plynem na podlaze ten Fitipaldi v multikare, stejne me to popobehnout nedonutilo. 


   What about anniversary tout dates?


just be honest when someone asks you how you're doing if you really want them to know. if not? well what the fuck then no


Patay mukhang busted na... Pero sige ibang plano naman..


For lecture of  &amp;  ministers of foreign affairs (21th November Prague) register at:   


I only have to read 114 more pages. oh shit. it's 6:30-ish already, on a Sunday. that ain't fair.


 [niendgsig noamw] (1957) Honey King, p:apartment c:USA poin: 15


Photoshop Tutorials that Shared in 2013 | Smashing Buzz  via 


Photo: Little things bring the most joy   you can only push someone so far before they break.


CES startups, we are here for you - VentureBeat  


 try to describe world where people fight with bacon instead of swords


 if you guys hype it too much, it's going to end in a boring 0-0 draw.


 Oooh! I actually have an Google Nexus now, I will have to finally look into this! :O


We're bubbling from the left and we're bubbling from the right! Today's the day we hit the money at  Watch  at 12:00 CET.


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
  i will make you into a beautiful lady and then send you out on the streets to make money for us


Besian CF play at home (Saville's playground) vs Baller Football Club


.NET Language-Integrated Query for XML Data  Pokud dlte na .net s XML, tohle je must read.


34  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Makes sense RT  If you have more daughters than sons, you're more likely to be a Republican 
 opium crop cultivation rises a record 36 per cent, production up 49 per cent -   my cousintahan  and my clingy bud   


3 Proven Ways to Make Tough Job Decisions | LinkedIn  they claim their car knows the was while they are drunk


Me too  RT  I do think Lacaton &amp; Vassal are really rather marvellous   


Behind the scenes of An Adventure in Space and Time   Doctor Who 50th An...:  via 


 upcoming special issue has my friends thinking about great female  writers: Butler, LeGuin, Atwood, Traviss. Others?


I don't care much, at any rate. My decision is done and I stand by it. Let them laugh if it helps them live with theirs.


Photoset: duckodeath: Jools Hollands Hootenanny 2010 which turns out to be surprisingly relevant to New...  a ring that displays time -&gt; still wears watch  When im in Fayetteville, I just wanna do hoodrat things with my friends." That's the best anywhere


today is the day when i decied to leave my blog glee-daily it's for good reasons - it's time for change


US nuclear launch code was 0000000 for 15 years? Crazy:  fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  i ges ansa to tt is it depends on hw dirty ur mind is huh


I love how they're all geeking abt a brand I've never heard off. good for them. true professionals! 


I just got the idea for an amazing outfit I'm gonna wear to school tomorrow! 


Just uploaded "Tajemn rok (radio City 93,7 FM) | pondl 11. listopad 2013" to   Tune in now!


 [ttyensiin] (1997) Kavan Smith, p:captive c:USA poin: 9


GREAT DAY FOR THE  QB Mariota to bypass draft, return to Ducks  via    


OMG! want to see something amazing?! Check this out! We have a gluten free paleo restaurant!!! Might even get a...  SITOK CARA, EU LUTO KARATE The Walking Dead  


  can't buy it here in Czech Republic, Europe :(


 [het rlettiadslu nma] (1969) Christine Matchett, p:survivor c:USA poin: 19


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  completed: Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 2 - Hikisakareshi Yokuryuu (  ) 


 That's seriously weird. Had no problems with him anywhere.


 justin post that selfie we took in math the other day on fb or somethin


4 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


 May this new year bring many opportunities your way to explore every joy of life &amp; turning all your dreams into reality


 Meeting Spots on the Camino de Norte - Hi All-    Just getting started on my planning for the Camino de No...  1 of best memories:  change place with  on his drums and throw almost all Chad's drumstick to crowd.XD


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


Secret Ways To Make Money On YouTube (Please leave a review)    from the incomparable Sujata Bhatt. Poppy dreams inside:   Thanksgiving and Hanukkah!
Enjoy the rest of the week!    The unforgettable memory in hand - just a simple perception :)


        Polkowice  02 Dec 2013, let us all send Steven Bauer the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (57)


 [.rm mrtwa:h eth ond erlisck coptrej] (2007) George Wallace, p:comedian c:USA poin: 35


I have Bridge on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


New gas rush for Tanzania after fifth major find made offshore      


"Always take the elevator instead of the stairs. Stairwells are horrible places to be alone and the perfect crime spot." Yes, sir!


Read more about A COMPLETE GUIDE TO COMMERCIAL SEMIOTICS in a new article at    why do arabs have numbers in their words" i've always wondered about this


Mam nowy ulubiony film w  Maleo Reggae Rockers feat. Grubson - Sysz   
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 851


5 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


What is the max price you would be willing to pay for   Can bundling with  phones help adoption?  [rkiyc iergavs ilev 2: sitcopli] (2004) Robin Ince, p:politics c:UK poin: 30


I've collected 10,061 gold coins!    


et thrashei SUICIDAL ANGELS servruj k poslechu Marching Over Blood, track z jejich novinky Divide and...  think we DONT know, but your own "homies" spitting out the news to us! Why you all so salty??? Lol Two face bitch niggas


Apple Said to Be Under Probe in Italy $1.35 Billion Tax Case  speaks of Aung San Suu Kyi at the  Conference, who praised the values of Vaclav  living in truth and freedom


Why are there trees lining the Avenue des Champs-lyses? Because Germans prefer to march in the shade :&gt;


Today stats: 5 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  Have you been naughty or nice this year? -  of course!


 Why did you caption it "brutal"? You caught it at a very good angle.


I won't give a fuck when someone tells me it's funny when I wear helmet on bike or skates now. 


Fri, 06 Dec 2013, let us all send Tom Hulce the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (60)


With my little darling :) I love him :*         Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  und 2nd Level Support (m/w)  Jobs Cottbus


Lb se mi video   Satya Festival 2013 - by Groove Attack - The Official Aftermovie


I'd love to upload 3rd and final twitchmatic coaching video, but I can't even create it with this internet. Hopefully fixed soon


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


"Dev Center is temporarily experiencing some delays. Try again in a few moments." hmm, 



Ty nigdy tego nie ugotujesz
J: Never say never
: W takim razie kiedy
J: soon...
: Nie wierze twojemu soon
J:Believe 
HAHAHA


Leapfrog launches Xeed 3D printer with on-board tablet interface  


 [izn-kegis raancy] (1947) Pinto Colvig, p:hunger c:USA poin: 16


an excellent article highlight the importance of this language. This is Why Kids Need to Learn to Code
 happy Alex will be back on Arrow, that means they'll probably reveal Sarah is alive to Laurel and her mum and weee 


Ukr oligarch Akhmetov: at this challenging moment..it is important to keep a cool head and take a balanced approach  Needed. Then I shall   my    and continue with   D.S.


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 Just Announced: Ceske Budejovice, Czech Republic - May 31 at Budvar  [aecp nda olwc] (2005) Christian Bale, p:costume c:USA poin: 13


 gte oyru tusff tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: get your stuff


Caroline bitching about Damon again??It starting to be really boring...just get over it!


two cups, two blunts, yeah they tell me im doin too much but i can never change 


 is that way of showing your love .? Like That girl on Hey Arnold .!


"Noticed this while watching a NatGeo docu about the German V2 Missiles"  Christmas         


 noo unfortunately not :( I got to know about it too late and I thought that I'd try to buy ticket and plane tickets but it


A man's existence is invested involving episodes of ladies currently being mad at him


 [00010, igaescttre] (2004) Brendan Carr c:UK poin: 17


Adaptive Inbound Site  component and plugin can modify / change your modules acording to user cookie.  


thx to all for your love and encouragement ..a country where we surviving is a security  so anything can happen anytime with any one


counting days. 1...2...3... when is it..the last day I took a bath? lol 


Facebook is the 21st century, tech equivalent o... - Posts - Quora  Jawaban benar: one true love,  13/317161 poin


Veer s knihou a ajem        still find hard to follow any tutorials (currently digital publishing for indesign). I will always prefer - try and fail method.


 | Global  targets  and girls caused by '
 getttin the smallest thing of flex and doing recharges


 You mean you spend outrageous amounts of money for headphones that are extremely uncomfortable but make you look good?


I feel like you miss her &amp; that's perfectly fine. Just go back to her.


   someone did, just found it via Google image search ;-)


Fashion or porn? Are you able to distinguish them?   via 


Slovak extremist Marian Kotleba, unpleasant surprise of SK regional election, begs for money before second round  don't worry you won't offend me unless you actually try to :3


 Yup, you're name is Sam? :) Nice to meet you too x


Top way to find out if your body is running well  and forget about the Master of our destinies - God.


Looks like  was pretty cool and I should (at least) order the videos. Sugestions which presentation was the best?


 Jawaban benar: life is hot in cracktown,  24/94490 poin


 what? really? ;; that's sad though.. and one thing.. if we ever meet I'll act like if we never talked again because I'll be


78 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 30 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you  afterparty. Free alcohol and rap from US. Michael King is the king! Already looking forward to the next year  was a glitch in the system" Kobe s obrvoskym usmevom na tema ESPN hodnotenie hracov NBA //   quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


 I'm not getting 10 boards against the twins lmao. I can do 6 &amp; 3 doe


 Nee, Twitter. Piraten waren immer schon so. ;)


Umrel Charlie, Sawyer je s Juliet a z ostrova se jich dostalo jen 6? No jdu si najit jiny serial :-(


Check out let's go - Gilbert Nightray (Pandora Hearts) by  on   waiting on permission? RT  The Danger Of Waiting For Others   I see. In this case I understand paying with creditcards there. And services as PayPal are the winers for them.


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  played a few chords in the morning ... and everything feels better! :)  Archive serves up thousands of hours of lost radio broadcasts -  We have now the proof that the European laws are directly written by the industry.  to nen pekvapen!


 must win ! Without you, i will not watch World cup in Brasil!


Materialy z workshopu k Sketch Engine, lingvistickemu nastroji, ktery vyviji z velke miry cesi:  cigarettes to look cooler I only stop by to look through ya


Washingstoners consume far more weed than imagined  Thats roughly between  25 and 50 joints per resident each year.


 No idea why "Dinner for One" has become a NYE tradition but your guess might well be correct: TV scheduling.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


Today stats: 3 lovely Elves followed me and No Elf unfollowed me via  Jawaban benar: red, white and blue,  19/742 poin


On page 85 of 464 of Tiger's Destiny, by Colleen Houck  This is weird. Taasky doesn't collect any data. cc: 


Ray Ban Sunglasses,www(.)raybansoutlets(.)com.$18 Ray Ban.Up to 75% OFF,Free Shipping and Return!No Tax!


 Awww :3
u're like me! Haha but i just destroy my phone ;)


ITK's make their name stating the fucking obvious these days.


MLADEJ PILOT - MT SNY (OFFICIAL VIDEOCLIP) [Up Boy Mixtape]:  pes  to on je tu nejvc real a fresh


Is there anything better than chocolate chip cookies warm from oven. I'm thinking no. Thanks,   afternoon w/ caprishoes.         mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling!'


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


The only thing we will never arrive in is the future, because it is only in our minds and it always changes with the time we move forward.


Prince William Sings With Taylor Swift and Bon Jovi in Unlikely Trio  at this local commercial that has this lady who keeps on pressing one key on a keyboard n lying that she is typing an URL address


 Jawaban benar: two in the morning,  18/1582 poin


I've collected 99,942 gold coins!    


 hm... so no non-alcoholic drinks? what about champagne? it tastes fantastic! love it! tmrw. hope tmrw.


Do employers and recruiters care about the candidate experience?  :)) ( AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/ 5 others)  Job: Relationship Manager/SME-Corporate in Prague, Czech Republic  


[] Health unit test [] health perf task [] w.his vog [] study for geom, eng, cl exam +++ irdk lol  oh well


se eu passar no equipe eu vo ter aula com o kennedy mano mano mano  Justin Bieber


We live in a world today which tries to say too much wt too little,bt only a few listens.Sometimes the best way to do is to give it silently


 i will try to go next winter but in the summer i'll probably be working  if i won't have to go to a family vacation with them


 Try hitting back to hide the keyboard, you should then see the publish button. Like I said, that app's a design fail.


8  Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



0000 (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut  
Good morning my sweet sis. Wish you a nice wonderful Day too. Love you 
 &lt; 3  Departed such a good movie. Can't believe I hadn't seen it.


TeamLove Hot Flash Gift Guide...Vintage Fashion &amp; Jewelry by Joy McGuire  via 


Sladk vzpomnka na leton dovolenou... Hmmm  Venice at Night, Italy   bomb: Seven Taliban killed in North Waziristan  his super low pants tho HAHAHAH exposing his underwear(?)


 Bit of an embarrassment in front of visitors as Zuma showed thumps down by some in the crowd. Extraordinary


I'm hiring for a Media Planner. Know someone great? in Prague, Czech Republic  


Phablets To Outdo Small Tablets In 2014: Technalysis's O'Donnell - Forbes  favorited a  video   - Feelin' Myself f. Miley Cyrus, French Montana &amp; Wiz Khalifa


Palette - A Freeform Interface That Controls Any Software  fhsle eifl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: shelf life


Earrings with framed glass beads and filigree, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Marquei como visto 2 Broke Girls - 3x11 - And The Life After Death    


- 50 cm Shots: 8x2 cl Gisela (Wodka/Lime) oder Wodka/Energy Shots fr 10 


US Federal Reserve, created in the wake of the financial panics during early 20th century, turns 100  [na npoe odor] (2006) Kenneth Beck, p:young-boy c:USA poin: 12


If Gravity Was Set in IKEA, It Would Look Like This  Cc  :)


I just reached level 28 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


Baloise Session: Eric Clapton - ARTE Live Web   via 


Download 100 iOS7 Vector Icons [Streamline Icons] - Free!  muna ako. Nakakagutom maghintay ng reply nila :( :| hahahahaha


Lived up to the hype. Ya win some ya lose some, as long as you win more than you lose it's all good. 


Highly recommanded -Ken Robinson about       to Get More Leads? Stop Making These 12 Landing Page Mistakes  I there anything you can do to make Microsoft include RemoteFX with client Hyper-V so we can ditch VMWare Workstation?


 Two years? wow! And now she is already a big girl!


I've collected 11,812 gold coins!    


 [aleclnhge fo eth tobsgo] (1984) Marilyn Schreffler, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 23


 She's my sun :) Hurt her and I'll kill you. :) :D ILY! Peace. ^^ -xx


 The same procedure as every year, James"

:  The same procedure as last year Miss Sophie?"   The same procedure as every year James!.


G+: BOOM: A Major Wall Street Bank Just Initiated Coverage On Bitcoin And Identified A Fair Value  Peugeot je na prodej. Good bye, sweet prince.  vinne bary uchylne drahe :) next time s jinym budgetem...


Unsubscribe from unwanted emails &amp; combine the rest into a single daily digest with   plusss, how are you meant to show you're attracted without eye contact? :O


 Jawaban benar: worst crimes of the 20th century,  32/360295 poin


The sad moment when you return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie. :|


Nah kalo haswell sendiri maksudnya ap? RT   Itu merupakan penanda bhw suat. Haswell. 


Junior Jan is playing  Thing Positive, Backdoors Prague Czech Republic, Fri 13 Dec  23:00  


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  Meditation: Friday, December 13, 2013.

"Your present lifetime is in large part determined by the nature
of...   Give me the video you promised me in our secret conversation!


I had a nightmare it was the day before my  audition and I hadn't even found my audition piece. Phew.


 ['tpvirsea gprrseso] (1956) Michael Trubshawe, p:university c:UK poin: 18


 recommends Angry Birds  from Softonic Moba


1975 - CITY BOY - Their Debut Record with their Fantastic Song "The Hap-Ki-Do Kid" !!
RockOn Friends !!    my original haircolor is kind of light brown and one time when it was growing out (the black (cont)  is the last day to propose presentations for SDR-WInnComm's "Future Trends in SDR, CR and DSA" 2014 workshop -  people ship 'Melix'? They are already a couple ffs. You don't need to pretend like they are together because it is already real ._.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           411


Thanks  . You guys have let me down once again. Great job!


 monothematic? O.o and i'll read it and reply after i'll be at home ()


Time flows so fast here in Oliva.  First  training camp is over and we are leaving home tommorow morning


Hahahaha moj pies sie wyjebal haha xD brawa dla tego malego osla ;) ;D


It's not that everything is perfect today, but you may intuiti... More for Sagittarius  this collection of "10 sublime winter paintings". Monet's painting is my favourite:  bruise on my neck looks like a hickey  no no noooo. !!!!


I have completed the quest 'Build a Post Office.' in the  game The Tribez.   


 it's actual! It forgets settings after stopping the engine, starts voice-navigation with GERMANY, Bluetooth probs with iPhone ...


Old Spice Commercial Is Every Man's Worst Nightmare  Jawaban benar: liverpool nativity,  18/8199 poin


  I got my old League vid flagged, so probably bigger


 Great FCB Fans!&lt;3 :-*       xo


My Top 3  Artists: PJ Harvey (73), Pink Floyd (50) &amp; Agnes Obel (22)      I made a kik it's nicoleisfound


Minecraft HERO  - RAGE FOLGE - AUSRASTER in der HLLE! (+Playlist):  via 


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 klas


You might know exactly how to improve your health now, yet you... More for Aquarius  s.r.o. is tracking empty on the mtvan iPhone App.

     the difference between preautorisation and sale, gheez


take the 3 question IQ test and read the story of getting the causations of poverty and IQ wrong  its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x32


Underwater/underground Europ-Asia train station. To be opened any moment...  Pls Follow   *-* She is your biggest Fan *00* :333  yeh! KALAU GUA SMSNYA MACEM MACEM BARU LU MARAH APA SALAH GUA SMS DINI!
Woy GUA UDAH BERUBAH KELLES GAK BAKAL KECANTOL LAGI :O


 i will stand directly behind you in Club "Lusthaus"and send you After Show some great pictures of your set! Ok have a nice Day boys 


She's literally the best like idek what I'd do without her


 eth slat gyveoa tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the last voyage


I mean I guess I could be happy for her.. but naa fuck that- shes my smoking partna for life. she cant up &amp; quit.might as well up &amp; quit me.


 Every LAW abiding citizen should carry a gun and kill as many of these thugs as we can Theyre not human theyre freakin animals


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


All you can eat... All you can drink...     Midtown Grill   You're allowed to have your opinion but you make the decision for everyone else.


Google admits that Youtube/Google Plus integration increased ASCII porn, spam and trolling  via 


 [wdkcatron] (1957) Tom Fadden, p:runaway c:USA poin: 9


 Yours are stunning. Brings a strong nostalgic feeling to me (I lived in SF for 3 months)


Rockie Fresh - All That ft. Casey Veggies, Juicy J &amp; Ty$:  pes 


 Yourself Voluptuous   by Doris Gadimana Rothriguez &amp; Martin X Glow /   So taking this photo just cost me 100 and three points on my license... Let that be a lesson to all.  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  [tlas rveag ta aidazbm] (1973), p:apartheid c:UK poin: 21


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Getting the goat of large Czech brewers - Business New Europe: Getting the goat of large Czech brewersBusiness...  and restoring awesome cars in  for iPhone. It's FREE!
  liked a  video  A Fria dos Reis (GRR Martin) - As Crnicas de Gelo e Fogo 


 Me. A vubec to nechapu. Meli tolik dobrejch aplikaci a vubec se o ne nestaraj.


Our colleague Lucy with the attendees of this week's press trip at the terrace of the Lobkowicz Palace at the Castle.  The Czech ESL casters can hang out tomorrow (today, lol) if you want to! Just message when and where!!! :D


 check the music, check this sound, turn ON your life!!!      


Handmade emerald green framed glass earrings, Glass earrings   


Help Turn Voices from BBC Radio into Open Data for Wikipedia  via 


Sherwood new Spurs head coach. What are they smoking over there?


  Do you use SNI in your crawler or are you stuck in ninties?


  Not yet but it's quite obvious: SourceTree (in this case) got a handle on the file so you're not able to open it


Austrian weather is tricky because you just slowly transition from lovely fall weather to snow and you don't realize it until it's too late.


I've collected 17,906 gold coins!    


  really amazing :) i was in some of these streets often :)


I liked a  video from   The Rest Of Us (Official Music Video) - Simple Plan


 Welp, it's usually the same at concerts. Official rules say that you can't bring cams or any audio-video recording stuff


 and hope ppl will ignore it here and there lol


 is the lowest in the 9 days on  There is no luck in this


 Czech republic anytime soon? With TOTO or solo? :-)


 nini my heart follow me please, I love you too x11


Good night Twitter. x Tomorrow the gift packaging begins. PS: No, I don't have gifts for everyone yet, no stress lol.


These homes were intended to be sold to U.S. military officers when construction began in 1978. In 1  This describes my office's state perfectly. I'm the one cackling in the distance.


             Interesting idea! How should it work? It should be per task or globally for all tasks?


 heyy, of course I do. How you been? It's been ages since we spoken last.


Why is procrastination the only thing I'm good at?


 not even at cats? New dog barked at a squirrel last week


Anyone know the feeling when you are being extremely sarcastic coming up with the most ridiculous version of something and people eat it up?


3D printed slipcover for Chang-rae Lee's latest Novel On Such a Full Sea  


If you want an amazing online reputation, you need to be amazing online   I went there last week for the very first time. What a refuge!


Lme fashions feature flexible, programmable LEDs  via 


Jdeme baletit :))  ( Kongresov centrum Praha | Prague Congress Centre w/   is nothing like talking via Skype throughout the day and listening to Justin Bieber &lt;33


I've collected 15,090 gold coins!    


been thinking about how all this art is really about speaking our truths, even when the truth is that you don't like it....


 taky me to dneska ceka, ale takhle nadherne to teda zabalit nedokazu, respect!


 nagmana ka sa pagong?? Kaya pala ang slow mo :D     


First snowflakes staying on ground this season.  Google lead tech industry group demanding government surveillance reform  Hi Lucie I think you might like this song from my neighbour country singer :) from Slovakia   at Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station (Praha) w/ 11 others  of the Lithuanian Presidency: More credible, growing and open Europe  i know what u mean,twas the same in Rome..but come on,don't give up yet,what if ur lucky this time? :) it's the last chance..


OS Tizen: debut na MWC 2014 a screenshoty finlnho systmu  mobilmania.cz


" Do you have a 10th reason to learn German? Here's 9 we thought of!  u have thot that the camera was in my hand?   to bude prace nekoho jinyho, uz se tesim, nafotim fotopribeh!


I've collected 14,830 gold coins!    


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.25C, Marc 21.31C ac foris -1.25C vre esse.


my reflection in an old Soviet TV     hey you, cool guys, will you ever be concerting in Czech Republic? Make me luckiest girl alive:)))


Google+ Ads Coming! +Post can be placed throughout Googles entire display network of 2 million websites. Cool.  page 64 of 371 of Soldiers of Destruction, by Charles W. Sydnor  hate when my roommates are gone  I'm so lonely right now...


Deem RT e continuem votando The Walking Dead     


if I ordered the tshirt for dad only a few days later i'd get 10% off fml


yup. painting now. no stopping me. today's the day. what super indulgent think that you love is all yours today?


News from  "Citywide RFID Master House Key? Already Broken" -  glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Awwww "get lost" Joo Jeong Woo Young version so cuteeee    George would get it over LeBron right now..." yea. He's definitely in the race tho.


why the fuck do you post damon hate in the ANTI STEFAN tag are you mentally challenged  just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 35


 [tesal fo ooowrmrt] (1951) John Seymour, p:security c:USA poin: 17


Photo: pivoslyakova: Detail at Christian Dior | Resort 2014  sweetness that knows no bounds.Thoughtful, courteous and respectful. to qualify as a SCHMIDT one must be irresistibly adorable. 


 it's not letting me submit my answer? Is it region limited or something?


The fine line between being effective and not getting too dirty is what makes politics an art.  did well.


  Let me know if you do return and feel free to ask for any advice.


  Congratulations. And thank you for one of most amazing  episode.


 i onw eornncupo uyo uckhc &amp; rylar tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: i now pronounce you chuck &amp; larry


11  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


        thanks, you too! :)


Do you want to go to the fashion show with me sometime? 


10:12 OE1WED/3 (Gerhard) on OE/NO-202 (Sandl, 723m, 2pt) 145.525 fm: *mit OE3VBU/p [via SOTA Goat] [OE3CVS]


  Talk about a Helicopter view. But where's the UK Queen,  Does she only come when she exploits?


Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.  Leo Tolstoy 


In this cold day do not miss the opportunity to join us in the Prague castle Tour!


 You really do follow a few too many, ever heard of the monkey sphere? It's quite interesting imho  unlocked 4 Xbox Live achievements in The Walking Dead: Episode One!  So do I - partly. I am at work. I hope someone will put it on Youtube 8^(


DNES v Crossu JungleDNB.cz tour, vstup zdarma, djs: dj Tons (Caik crew), Basstien (Bass Beast, LIR), Mad Bass...  November 2013: Napolar/Solarbot updated.  [cabseeh] (1988) Andrea Paris, p:friendship c:USA poin: 7


The name of my next Elvis tribute band will be: Velvet Evolution.


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Boyzone - Picture Of You


I've collected 27,063 gold coins!    


 [belre babrit] (1949) Mel Blanc, p:morse-code c:USA poin: 12


There are five currently living American presidents. If they all go imagine the chaos.


((My vision just keeps getting worse in my left eye.
((My right eye has perfect vision, but my left dropped from 20/30 to 20/70 in a year.


Yeah......... " It's hard: When someone special ignores you. It's harder: Pretending that you just don't care."


 what are you doing in Geneva LMC?! come back to 


Aaaaaaaahhhh  They were soo good!  I just wish the song was full, not shortened. :(


Hangover is gone, so I have no more excuses for not studying. Ugh.


To v Ground Floor za chvli opravdu budou z Pitch Perfect vichni? I AM IN! :D


Judge me all you want but a peppermint mocha from Starbucks is heaven  


 Sorry, I was just trying to make a joke about how only people from outside Toronto proper voted for him. No offence intended.


 casmtheress 0080 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chessmaster 8000


Paracosm transforms reality to 3D models, receiving $800k in funding  


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


 Jawaban benar: captain kremmen,  15/3518 poin


Opposition Journalist Badly Beaten in Ukraine as Protests Surge  tumatawag itong taong 'to? Ugh! :| After all this time?


 Jawaban benar: we know where you live,  22/329633 poin


This is better than a three-day weeekend:   


 u mna vyhral Fantastical 2. Jak ma iOS tak OSX. Vrele doporucujem.


I can't go to school today. I lost my shoes!
 


  lmao hell yea his stomach wider then the tv


Listening to a song like John Legend's All of me, will make you feel like you have loved and been loved, or that you haven't at all!!


Igor - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy Vynic):  The Date! 2nd of December&gt;multimedia theater with  von  and  at   Have you got there yet? Was considering going but a few days in Prague more appealing.


 you need a reason to be insane? That is cute


"A hundred years from now / Who could you be / Reading my poem curiously / A hundred years from now!" - Tagore  out the great behind the scenes for a German production that the crew behind Pantheon Pictures was working...  might frustrate DJs looking for a consistent piece of wax, but Everlasting Sunday is a fine album-length...  opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


 I'm watching your Game in Germany per live Stream  


At L.A.'s the Echo: (cool) Video Oneohtrix Point Never - Videothing  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               65


Hem yolsuzluk hem yatrm birlikte yrr..Yatrm olmazsa neyle yolsuzluk yaplacak cahil kadn ? :) 


 you can not extend the fundraiser? 
love you!


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


sometimes polish makes perfect sense but sometimes i'm like wot


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Passed by Christ the King today :) thank you Lord :) I felt your presence :)


THe Fact what Happend today in School was One of THe worst days in my Life


Prague Weather: 1 Jan 2014 , 01:28 AM , -1C,Humidity: 100%,Wind: 0 km/h  U.S. government lab behind Beijing's nuclear power push  via 


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Perfect place and time to load this year's first tri-x  ( Prask nplavka | Vltava Riverside)  help for each other is mutual but siegfried is better in holding back his feelings
marcus is downright poop even on a good day so


Gaga and Aguilera Shatter Glasses, Feud Rumors in 'The Voice' Duet  Years Nominees for the B.S. Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance Are  Prost ROFL :D


I have a job opening for a Technical Support for Sweden. Contact Me in Prague, Czech Republic  


Hesed has a show on 2013-12-21 at 23:00  Laboratorio AQ16 in Reggio Emilia, IT...  I wish some bands would be more worldwide known it sucks that some bands just stay known in the country or in America.. or


My Top 3  Artists: Hot Water Music (12), Tanya Donelly (12) &amp; Dessa (12)   its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x46


 love that picture:) go Munich:) actually they won again yesterday


Ok anyone remember my fling I've talked about before? Fav if you do got a ? I need to ask


Was out walking 1.88 km with  See it here:  Jawaban benar: zhou yu de huo che,  18/357862 poin


Beliefs: Off the Court, a Films Lens on Asian-American Faith 


How and where did David Moyes obtained 7 wins in a row? Magical


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               444


[Secret Santa] "Bill Gates got me in the exchange. THANK YOU SO MUCH BILL! Here's a link to what I got :)":  most cumbersome workflow ever.


I feel like a lot of people determine if they like a song by the hook or bass anyway.


Google Working to Bring RAW Capability to Android Phones  Jawaban benar: the phil silvers show,  21/367021 poin


Speaking of muddy autumn days, check out this amazing pooch clean his paws after coming in:  pes 


 [htgni irresd of tnmaano] (1951) Morton C. Thompson, p:killer c:USA poin: 23


Nature photography flowers print Sunny evening vintage by MagicSky  via 


 Kailangan natin ng bonggang bonggang advertisements.. Tsaka dapat set aside na lang muna yung Scream Park tickets..


 " Ladies and gentlemen... My vagina.      
...


Lb se mi video   Ganesh Chalisa By Suresh Wadkar [Full Song] I Ganesh Chalisa, Aarti &amp; Bhajan,


Watch eight CZECH AND SLOVAK ARTISTS in the role of filmmakers for the whole week for free! Enjoy "docuart" from Central Europe!


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Sorry for the bad quality but it' s too darkness and i photographet by my walking  from Los Angeles to Amsterdam today, curious if I see any DJ's on the plane...


 I have 3 p.m. and chapters 5 and 6 of Gabriel's Redemption done! And pastas with tuna for lunch. What are you planning for lunch?


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


I'm looking for something like  for dummies. Could you recommend to me any paper/blog? .)


 [abd byso' 1ht0 .ayn.rrn.evias het sith] (2004) Busta Rhymes c:USA poin: 38


Both RT  Do you Listen "to understand or reply" ?


Ang nagpapaturo sakin sa math.. Ano tignin nyo sakin math teacher?? Computer engineering ho ako


just 31 minutes left and I'll have my stipend! and Christmas bonus will be highly appreciated! :))  I'm hungry! :))


National Briefing | Midwest: Illinois: Panel Forwards Pension Deal


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Ebony in Pink from Adult Image on Vimeo.Ebony in Pink was commissioned by SexyXposures and working...  favorited a  video  Willy Astor - Voll Chlore (Guantanamera)


 loading gay porn gifs and setting the comp. so that person can see it or the reflection always works!


 Heya. No iOs version, but there is custom mobile version. Try login from your phone using safari. Take care, Roman


School is over? Oh please idgaf bcs my final exam do not over yet yeah sad me


six days later and I have done all push ups and lunges 


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  say ulfat may mari surat-e Qufl-e abjad / thi bani bath keh bantay ye juda hojiay



 Hell, there nothing more accurate than  :)      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  has to take accountability as the manager however he can't take into account when players like Fabio did what he did &amp; let him down.


odeio esse tipo de gente q d tchau no whatsapp e continua online


I'm laughing me &amp; eli were both wearing our muse jumpers and the same muse tshirts underneath hehehe


"Are you allowed pets here?" "No." "Now why does it smell like hond kak?" :')


  nah ... I'm sure you're a great baker!!! Much better than me in any case!


 ..or to pledge via Paypal for bundle cd + tshirt!:) Post expenses included of course. Link incl. description on eng


Followers - 3, Unfollowers - 2. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  to unforeseen circumstances dinner is being rescheduled to tomorrow's lunch 


 [fthec] (2006) Gareth Howells, p:penguin c:UK poin: 5


Happy bday to my most favorite crazy cat lady  May your life be great and your cats never go full retard PS You need Flash/Ignite


Holiday Gift Guide 2013: Three Entry-Level Mirrorless Kits That Dont Break the Bank   


"I don't do cocaine because if you do cocaine you'll go to prison, and cocaine is really expensive in prison."...  exactly - there's a certain sense of fear for this too


The Faster Way To Slash Weight in (2eeks|2weeks|(14)days|14days|aweek|(1)week|1week)  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  still laughing though that's something laudanum would say


Presentation at the Czech ASP conference went well today :)    


  an all hohohohohoho okay. Me too, actually &lt;4


rachel and tarek are dating? :o  Ma ba3ref law btekbaro w mind your business  Appstore mete stahovat Google Play Music aplikaci pro iOS!


Following events in Ukraine all day --&gt; Latest is video of tractor attempting break of police cordon  


I really shouldn't be jealous cause you're not even mine. :/


 I'm not a huge fan, although I do like the film. He was good in this clip. Reminds me of my days in television.


(2) referring to actual garbage on the streets, pollution, &amp; to the immense amount of vulgar guys


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


I liked a  video from   FAN FAIL: Attempt at backheel goes horribly wrong.....


Getting soooo much into a book that, when you are not reading it, you start wondering if it was a movie you were watching xD 


more than 14Mio views since published approx 2 weeks ago.  
 never leaving the house again so Howard Hughes for 2014


Prepare for the next years  IT buzzwords -  jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


I've just realized something... It's a Friday tomorrow. FRIDUUUUH!


     celebrates 1 year! Celebrate with me:  i want a man that would dare to wear a cape. I think he may be in London urbanemenswear:...  i thought this was accidental at first but then i realised
stopp


Lmfao tj just mad because I broke up with his ole dusty ass . Nigga dont try to fucking play me you mad for what cause ion want you ?


im so frustrated bc i cant go to see Catching Fire ugh


 [teh ivalelg ctalkbsihm] (1897), p:melodrama c:UK poin: 22


 :-D ... and do you know page speed of this site?


Taking food from the hungry:  govt rejects EU food bank subsidy
 - FC Bayern 

      


Yoo bigupzz  on thizz Katy B remix! every time i heard it it's gettin' better!! 


           Plumlee Family have a nursery on Duke campus where they just have kids who automatically go to Duke, talent or not?


You know my name, but not my story. If you have something to say, don't hesitate. But before you do, make sure you can back your shit up.


  Sure the push to go all digital is misguided.  Students and people generally need to get their hands into it.


A new favorite: Lana Del Rey - Ride (Barretso Remix) by Unplugged.ee  on 


Give, advise, warn, amuse, inspire, amaze = recipe for shareable FB content.




Haut Bailly 2005 Approaches Three-Year Low as Liv-Ex 50 Declines: A case of 2005 Chateau Haut Bailly, a wine e...  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Crazy, hellish scenes on the streets. You call this joy? 


Just uploaded "Shadowbox  Radio 1 05/01/2014 - host: KUBATKO" as a Cloudcast to   Listen up!


Why does my Dad have to wait for me to respond to him when my teas ready for him to move?  I heard you no need to wait!


 het pceiol obx tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the police box


The Mission Extended: Happy New Year and Good Bye 2013    


proc jeste nespim? vypadam uz jak mongol ted co teprve rano


Today stats: 9 followers, 14 unfollowers and followed one person via  ellyre uqnee dan eht uremrd nrgi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: ellery queen and the murder ring


     yep :-) already new story in my mind already :-) from hotel :-)


  That engine showcase touched me in all the right places.


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


You cant be serious when you say these button shapes are an improvement, except for visually impaired. Fugly, but probably functional.


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 110 - "Earth incident":  prostednictvm 


     not mv maybe cp ;-). But the joke was on Back to the Future.


Ars readers react to the light on their webcams  a broken heart is like having broken ribs. On the outside you look fine, but every breath hurts.


 Sweet words can make me smile, but efforts make me feel special. 


Lb se mi video   Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones - Official Trailer


Photographer Explores Loss Of Faith and Family in Next of Kin   


Dear fellow followers,

we've just mailed out our latest newsletter including:
- UV Podcast 016 by Max Rademann
-...  posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Fischer Sports | Tour 13|14"  life there are two certainties: 
1. You'll never get everything you want.
2. You'll never want everything you get .


HUMM FRiDAY THE 13th TODAY??? SO ALL MY BEST WiSHES TO JASON VOORHEES AND ALL OTHERS MANiACS ... ;)  (via Mamasita Mondays PresentsCaliente Pics Of A Caliente ChickFeaturing Anastasia Garcia -...    2,500       


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


UFO :) Cleared For Take Off: Nike Snowboarding's LunarENDOR QS  day in  &amp; I've already seen some of the worlds most famous paintings, best known buildings and greatest dancers. What's next? ;)


Student project of the Prague Film School -   [1989-8-] (2005) Henry Daggs, p:morning c:USA poin: 7


" Mike Gorman and Dave Cowens relegated to the radio cheap seats in Charlotte.  this is an outrage!


 Good to hear contanct me anytime if some problem will appear gl hf in ur school and sc2 in 2k14 and enjoy xmas ^_^


Getting ready for another ass-whooping by Lennon on Evra.


My Favorite Norwegian indie-pop band on a compilation    &amp;  - Falcons. I lack the words to describe it! 


 I'm.watching 'the hobbit' and being booored.
And what are you doing ?!


I liked a  video  Bushido - Mitten in der Nacht


To twittando uns q fico nos rascunhos pq mh net tava horrivel '-


What the eff is wrong with me? I'm getting too damn lazy.


 Please allow linking to the "forgot password" page!        and everyone else I didn't mention ily


"Russian village "renovation" just before Putin's visit. ":  via 


My love life is such a disasterlast night the Red Cross showed up


 Yes, it's always when you "shout" a little. It's as if the mic can't cope. You're a "shouty man" then? Men and technology, eh?


   Apparently there is very little or next to nothing on ZTV. Very disturbing indeed.  


 Jawaban benar: tears for fears: in my mind's eye,  33/340182 poin


someone should take ebay away from me because I keep looking for stuff from some of my favorite bands and want to order something and then


Klara Rster to perform this Friday &amp; Saturday at Prague Advent Choral Meeting. See previous tweet for times &amp; venues. No tickets needed.


I can't wait to see Jordan going through withdrawals :( miss my Boy


 Jawaban benar: you can't buy everything,  24/328263 poin


Insidious a The Conjuring je zlo!!!! James Wan je mistr hororu, fuck, to byl blb npad to sledovat :-D  


KEV DER PLNDERMEISTER!!! DU ENTSCHEIDEST DIESES PROJEKT | Let's Play RU...:  via 


tonight kinoklubovna made in  at GRID, Opatovicka 18  - starts at 7:30 pm  collected 80,053 gold coins!    


 [ignctcha a cono] (1921) Bob Steele, p:sequel c:USA poin: 15


"There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about." Oscar Wilde as Digital Native


 there's tons of beautiful, handsome men in kpop omfg can't take all this perfection ah


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


new  available!  beta1 released!         


 hahaha no nie ma co xd
Maks mowil, ze Gosia mowila, ze jakies strony byly zadane, byly?


OKIN BPO bude poskytovat sluby spolenosti Verizon Enterprise Solutions v regionu EMEA ***  you hate it when you try to shout at someone and your voice comes out all croaky and pathetic lol


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 14 DEC, Song  LEVIATHAN   LP  same 1974   Seagull


I REFUSE to accept that it's almost Winter  ... w/ Jake Paul (behind the scenes on Instagram: LoganAPaul)   i am watching the 1x09 now,,,so excited about it!


Toto vypad jako must-read pro programtory: What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory,  But it is problem which can be solved. E.g. by help of  Presentation on  is opportuntiy to be well prepared.


New band by Mars Volta' Omar Rodriguez-Lopez called Bosnian Rainbow sounds awesome anyway...


I swear if they are out of boots at Belk at 8:00 in the morning, someone is gonna get an earful. 


 I have learned that if someone will talk bad about their "best friend" they'll talk bad about everyone.


Oatmeal with mandarin, banana &amp; plum topped with 70% dark chocolate. Mnam.  home sweet home  FrienD,s
Please Ajj Meri
Help karo
Muje 30 followr,z ki Zarurat hai
Apne dosto se flw krwaye plz plz plz


European vacation: where "let's take it easy tonight" turns into coming home at 4am and hopping on a bus to Vienna after 2 hours of sleep.


Dell Executing Cloud Flanking Move With Red Hat   via 


This is it  It was nice meeting everyone and I'm gonna miss every single one of  you fuckers!!!! *tears*


Damn. This is frustrating. Hope  gets very well soon.  


In Brain Wave Experiment, Whoever Feels the Strongest Emotion Wins  should pause watching the walking dead. My zombie dreams are getting heavyyy!!


n to conversando c minha mae e ela me liga me chamando p ir no shopping


54 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


 How long did the preparation of your  take? Was it just the half hour or did it take longer?


Tamrat Layne, the former Ethiopian Prime Minster talks about his political and spiritual journey (Audio)   Tech is a Double-edged Sword for Human Rights | Human Rights Watch  tipon wala ng pag-asa kanina sa laban yung 10 na yung lamang tas puro gank pa yung solo top namin tas maya maya biglang naginit si renz


 inini hangul  just don entertain some of this craziness sha coz its really killin the movement


YES, my CMNA Promotional Gear will be shipped on Dec, 2 Thanks  


|| today ||          have nothing but respect for those that enlist, serve, served, for our country. My tata served our country.


The world's central "banksters" are clearly making a joint effort to kill  Maybe it will kill them instead? :-)


"I do not want you to look on your lady Member as a fanatic or a lunatic." Lady Nancy Astor MP   haha nada. agora me explique o pq desse icon?? jhgdamgehdjvs Directioners  


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 39 others  "Emotional Daily Statistics". 18 new followers :) :) :) and 7 unfollowers :( :( :(. Via  politician wants to blow up the cable industrys stranglehold on what you can watch  via 


Download the free 12 Days of Gifts app to get a gift from  every day from 26 Dec to 6 Jan.   Williams a jeho Happy proste uzasny  A ty hodinovy videoklipy jeste vic. Napr.  


why do I always watch romantic movies when after I am just sad I dont have my own romantic story, actually maybe not but the idea is there


I've collected 7,763 gold coins!    


 [a tesat fo neohy] (1961) Herbert Smith, p:pregnancy c:UK poin: 16


 "Furby se dl na 7 edic: F.Adult, F.Baby, F.Special, Shelby, F.Friends, Emoto Adult F. a Emoto Baby F. Je jich 162 druh."


I finished the "Citizens' Healt..." task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


Only recently have I learned these things: How to Dress for Winter in Central Europe (hint: SO MANY LAYERS)   Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


To se ven, kdy takhle svt. Loving today's walkies in the fall sun!     2013 | official aftermovie, no s cmo pero voy a ir!   consultingfandoms: ahobbitinhohohogwarts: diminga: Same man, different face same software...  Have also written many articles for  but not my agency. Looking forward to your posts, too.


Our UkR reporters have been providing amazing coverage of  You can get a taste of it in English in 2 hrs w/  live


 [irhsmka ki ikal] (1964) Neeta, p:bollywood c:India poin: 15


  I won't go there anyway now... This conversation was enough for me...


 ohh... and (sorry for annoying you) anywhere else ?


 y u r biased towards Tanisha and Armaan. I M sure u have other things to do rather than screwing Kushal and Gauhar.


I'm always attracted to someone, who I cannot have.


Everything is alright as long as I can be with you


Jiri Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via  


jake otazky ti chodi nejcasteji? za jake by si vrazdi...  'co dostane ten co d like?'
'like=345678965435678902...  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               391


  Battle: who gets the first Christmas present? :D Merry Christmas to you both! :-)


 it's seems so easy tho you just go to the airport or a football ground and there they are or idk


Are you in Christmas Czech baking this year? Get some help with our how-to:  you going to go on a walk with your mom  


Sick and tired of people saying " oh you're the big spender, you have all the money here huh, you can buy blah blah blah"


 in             me not also, too big balls to get through ring


 "He's the real thing. Gifted, phenomenally intelligent, and wise."   about    There was nothing like psychological support back then. I looked for a psychologist myself&amp;had great success with this.


loose weight naturally by using green coffee bean extract  days, you're so strong and other days you're like 'what the fuck am I doing'...''
-Jared Leto


can I just say I love how for the DWM shoot Peter took off the jacket,undid the annoyin upper button (&amp; vest buttons) &amp; went all nonchalant?


Between the December XI version update and the XIV 2.1 patch I'm feeling a lot of online FF nostalgia


 legalizes marijuana for use on private property
 8 : Cymbeline.  Stavovsk divadlo | The Estates Theater  Frohes Fest, sonst nix. :-) ( Home Is Where The Heart Is)  Niche blogging is easier then you think - 6 figure blogging , SEO Plugins for Word press
 randombrethren: I cant help but think that Im drinking blood from the emptied corpse of Paul...  Thanks for beeing there! Its not your fault when you get sick!! Just saw you in Munich and Berlin ;-)  electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  [ude dtea] (2010) Cesar Aguirre, p:wallet c:USA poin: 8


32  So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


Portrait photography african statue black and white by MagicSky  via 


Recent work on my website - Cold War-Era nuclear shelter inside the Hotel Jalta on Wenceslas square in Prague  liked a  video  British Airways Boeing 747-400 in D-Check


 i have just finished listening to their whole first album. it's great :)


 good:) so persevere, don't give up. I'm also kicking my butt everyday and trying keep motivation and effort.


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


 "My daughters and I were the only survivors of a natural disaster. After we fled, they got me drunk and had sex with me."


Handmade Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


well i guess having opinion and trying to help someone is bad


Bonsu mirza begici oyle bi dovmus ki macin icinde boyle bisey yok bizde oyleee :)


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I've collected $21908! Think you can do better?    


Trouble always comes in a beautiful package with the sweetest fragrance. Otherwise how would it lure you in?


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.19C, Marc 21.25C ac foris 0.63C vre esse.


 Hello i really wanna buy your great mediaserver but i have a problem. I using for now a free version of 7.2.6 and my LGtvnotshow sub


'Doctor Who' Meets 'Sherlock', Internet Explodes  think 7 shots of Czech rum will do anyone dirty.  where you at


 Boateng, in the video room, with the hipster spy glasses. You heard it here first.


The effects of menopause on asthma:    


Multitouch Table Design Client: Metasonic AG Agency: Looom  stats: 11 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed 31 people via   quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


Hi,
I've made a Doctor Who fan page, then if you watch  and I know there are you a lot please LIKE
      and you wanted to speed that up? Yep, that will be a mess ...


when all you get from someone is negativity you just have to keep your distance...


Omg I spent the whole day at the chair I am right now sitting in although i should learn like crazy.....thank you fb,twitter and instagram


 [hte hsueo oasscr teh sterte] (1949) Mike Lally, p:murder c:USA poin: 27


I just voted for Ted/Marshall/Barney   Retweet to vote  via 


I absolutely love   . And u boys ? If yes ... Retweet!:)


I'm listening to "Ayume" by Hana on Pandora  


Mannequins Get Lucky in Daft Punk's 'Instant Crush' Music Video  Briefing | Middle East: Libya: U.S. Offers Rewards in Benghazi 


 just a thought... who will be teaching about online marketing?


Dorta? Wtf?
Party as the should be...
  Groove Bar  5live is not pronounce as 5-laif but 5-leef. awkwardddd.


And the last   2013 in  goes to...Rose from Australia!  dinner, wine, wine, work, work, work. I DO FUCKING LIKE IT.


 You are lucky as I was a week and a half ago! I"ve just pulled the last ticket out))) Have a nice trip)


I    9x10 and it was fantastic! :)   Great musical show ep. :)


A company goes on and on about how passionate you should be, but they want transcript.Like "Be passionate, but you better have good grades!"


I won 3 trophies in Borderlands 2 for 62  pts -  is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.  Oprah Winfrey


 It's great that you do care about the people playing your tournaments, once again, big thanks for fixing it! &lt;3


chilling with the best sister in the world and the overtones :)


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  guys, time to vote to keep our man  on the show again!!  xx   Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Meaning: all British humour. RT  Next up, UK web filters will start to block bad humour.  


The steps you've taken today will lead you to a journey of unknown &amp; growth. Where will life take you?  nigga look like an anime character so the shit make sense, lmao.  that's rude.


This I think would be nice Anastasia Too
    I just found her today.   Ashleigh Brewer  sunset over the Lesser Town

(Photo by Dagmar Veselkova)  has been throwing pieces of meat filled with rat poison around Seattle parks for dogs to ea  se ela cantou people help the people pode dizer que vo me jogar pela janela


 [.s...atw] (1975) Elliott Street, p:police c:USA poin: 8


good thing is there's only 4 days of school left after i come back


Nature photography Spike grain wheat sunnyfields by MagicSky  via 


 congrats to Hilary Duff for being one of the few Disney stars who hasn't turned crazy  Ball - Miley Cyrus (Covered by Ben Draiman):  via 


 works!  promptly resolved stuck checkin into return   flight.


Difference between boss &amp; leader in  And how do you "lead" your company?  [rlouiert moetisv] (1993) Hayward Nishioka c:USA poin: 16


  Abi ko, "if wala kmn ea atraso anu labot mo?"


He Ignores Me..I Don't Know Why :( Maybe He Can't Send Me Message Back..Maybe It's Only Wicked Game, Not Real Feelings..Will B End Of Story?


My Top 2  Artists: The Human League (5) &amp; Helmet (4)   darthmoonmoon: captaincomradecool: wanganom: Holy shit. Thats one dapper son of a bitch. he is a...  like you a lot.  More than a lot...  A lot a lot. 


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  como visto Glee - 5x5 - The End of Twerk    


I'm so thankful to be married to my best friend. Someone who makes me smile everyday.     "The Weeknd - Live For feat. Drake (Official Video)" (  


I have been working on this music app last couple of months    like I can be reading anything college related and still find references to Doctor Who.


If you thought writing web apps in  MVC is easy, you should try  with Razor:  Get Time Difference between Dates with PowerShell  


I've collected 10,173 gold coins!    


 Oh ma gawwwwwwwd *o*  Can't wait to watch it  Wanna see Mitch cause he's so endless handsome 


Handmade sky blue framed glass earrings, Glass earrings, gemstone, bridesmaid gift, Wedding jewelry   


  Well, you know, that's what happens when a man tries to multi-task and cook three things at the same time ...


 TRSoR Faves of 2013 GIVEAWAY  GO HERE  WIN your CHOICE of any 10 ebooks! 


i can feel the draw i can feel it pulling me back it's pulling me back it's pulling me   bastille


My Top 3  Artists: Beyonc (27), Foals (27) &amp; Arctic Monkeys (23)  you desired when you were a child was to be old
Do you like the person you've become?  


" Oh f**k, I'm going to cry anytime soon.   full ack :)


Jeeezzz!!!its called common courtesy,i study,u keep quiet,i sleep u keep quite.i neednt say a word..how hard can it be..irritating lil brats


 Always. Have a nice friday.
Castle  


 Yeeees yooouuu aaaare !!!
The Payne Train champ !!!
the beeeeeest !!!


 it was great. Met a lot of nice people and made them smile. You?


"The couples that are meant to be, are the ones who go through everything that is meant to tear them apart, and come out even stronger."


 your welcome! If all the wedding is gonna be in this hippie retro style, than I'm jealous photographer!:))


 ight homie ima talk more bout it you serious right


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


"The color of springtime is in the flowers; the color of winter is in the imagination.  Terri Guillemets...  Canon Publishing and Book Printing: jedinen zdroj informac a inspirace ***  vm Sparrow, Airmail, Unibox a Mail.app na Macu stle nesta, zkuste Mail Pilot. U je venku Public Preview.  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 aw


Nature photography Green photography macro photograph by MagicSky  via 


 cemdsuno tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: consumed


Crowd-watching on the 6:39 departure from Prague to Vienna. People huddling over their coffees like little fires.


In memory of Park Chul-soo who was born on November 20th, 1948 and died on February 19th, 2013.


Saturn, Earth, Mars and Venus Appear in One Incredible Photo  like to read "Hatching Twitter" by  ... Should i read it in english or german?


Lb se mi video   The Subways - Shake! Shake! - Official Video


In memory of Frederik Buch who was born on December 8th, 1875 and died on April 13th, 1925.


 Always. And thank you too. Have a great weekend :)


the first let's player i watched didn't make it out of the room and holy hell


MIKE SINGER " Boy Gone Wild " Official Video-answer to Madonnas Girl gone wild  Przysali mi maila Go on, lets try again heres a months Premium for free 


 on other coin without the big publicity behind doge we didn't see many crazy buy offers at all.


 Jakozto pametnik myslim, ze tohle od spusteni ISISu cca pred 6 lety nezmenili :-) Lze tam porad mit hlasky Chucka Norrise? :-)


Toasty 1.3 brings new animations to enhance your toast notifications  

 tak dapat join. goodluck geng, kasi menang! syahirulfarhan     I dont get ill after this afternoon, i probably wont get ill anytime.


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 83


 there nothing new abt tanish kissing armaan its just this time dey did it infront of everyone without hiding in blanket or in washroom


Good read on estimating and bidding process:  are no extraordinary men, only ordinary men in extraordinary situations" 


Manager 7E sudah call , manager hotel philea bile nak call ?


 as a kid u get tips not been paid. As a profession even consulting means pay day


 hey Sally :) just wanted to say, btw I'm really enjoying the book you sent me! I'm an epically slow reader at times, but I'm about


 well half of it is smutty the other half is sad but the ending is happy c:


 I wish you,your girlfriend and your all friends a Merry Christmas,lots of love,joy and happiness :)   just arrived! :-) - Can't wait for a hands on. Awesome idea, too bad Google == NSA


My Top 3  Artists: Charlie Parra Del Riego (16), Apocalyptica (8) &amp; Metallica (6)   new favorite: You Don't Know What Love Is by   on 


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


A pak je to taky v Lnech satelit vedle satelitu -  officially the weekend!! Bring on    and a new duchess post  D.S.


 Of course, the gospel says, "You are loved by God, therefore you exist." The self is secure, so the selfie is unnecessary.


I've collected 37,463 gold coins!    


Odeslal jsem 29 fotek na Facebook do alba Novinky na poboce CP-Anglick...  If there is still time i quite fancy Jerry Williams - If You Ask Me


23. Super8 &amp; Tab feat. Julie Thompson - Your Secrets Safe (Tom Fall Remix)  


We wish you a happy New Year and much success not only in qualitative analysis!  [teh nwe wsho] (1984) Valri Bromfield, p:guest c:USA poin: 12


How is it that I always end up chopping the onion ._. 


 Haha, yea, I see only the DE servers no matter what I have in the filter, weird.


 yeah you had a good time at the 8th grade dance, didn't you?


Looks like I picked a good time to be abroad and without a way of watching the  game


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


 well i dmd u already so add me and send a message on whatsapp so i can have u in my contacts


 [cuesrd iriepsotupnot] (2009) Brian Ceponis c:USA poin: 20


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  been listening to The Gun Club a lot lately.   IDC figures show Chromebooks continue to struggle  ko na yung urge na wag siya i-message pag online siya. Yes!


Any thoughts on Drobo 5D as a storage for footage? 


STATISTIKY  Stely 23:15, zblok. stely 12:8, hity 23:21, buly: 29:30.


 Yes, I wrote a story about it in Czech and wrote about it in a novel in English.


 A friend of mine just got one, and I get to uninstall the useless stuff for her :) Personally, I'll rather get the 


Let's play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 63:  via 


Jeden z nich byl mj, nyn ji na nonm stolku.  Grove Docks as far as the eye can see.   


I've collected 6,673 gold coins!    


I've collected 25,415 gold coins!    


A painting. Or drawing? What is the right term? Colours but....dry pastel.  Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


 pwde dito nlng po yun sakin ayaw po kasi mag send sa dm eh.. 127


" CARALHO ESPALHEM DEM RT, VAMOS DEIXAR O MXIMO DE ABAS ABERTAS!    White and the Huntsman Trailer 2012 - Official [HD]: Snhurka trochu jinak. Stejn jako Bella z upr  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               81


Oil staff withdrawn from North Sea ahead of storm conditions     


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x4


I Need Kobe And Swaggy P On The Floor Together Immediately


The Marauder's Map is right for Loki. I solemnly swear I am up to no good and Mischief menaged!!!


 [aecbkwts] (1956) Wally Cassell, p:remake c:USA poin: 8


I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile.  


 exactly.. and he's so cute ugh &gt;&lt; and this cosplay made him look even cuter *pouts* Aw really? He should pull off


it makes me sad that I'm more excited about the person receiving my letter than the actual person who is supposed to receive it TT


Yesterday was the anniversary of Vaclav Havel's death. I was on an airplane most of the day and did not have time to write a tweet about it.


Top 5 Reasons People Love Their Jobs and How You Can Love Yours, Too   Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


{ oversized }            r responsible?
No funds availabale,Balochistan University teachers announced/will beg n streets 2 raise funds
 with the look on some faces you wouldn't think we won 5-0!!!   Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


  you damn sure l am coz pakaipa and the niggaz em tuning jack shit abt that


 Jawaban benar: alias jesse james,  17/322990 poin


BOOMDABASH - SOMEBODY TO LOVE (Official Video):  via   for  


   Mostly Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 3C and a low of 1C.


Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything? and everybody believed in you..?


Waiting for Giles Deacon          pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


Im waking up I feel it in my bones Enough to make my systems grow(8)


 Do you have plans to but  to  Factory?


 Obviously this calls 4 homemade personal pan pizza and cookies.   


 Yep. Got that. Didn't hear the White Jamaican lilt, you see.


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Tractor with Flatbed Wagon (Small Lego Toy)


Netute nkdo jak rozbhat skener Canon Lide 70 v OS X Mavericks?   


I'm at Koskova (bus, tram) (Brno, Czech Republic)  sullenmoons: Rose McGowan photographed by Michael Stipe for Detour Magazine, 1997  Yup, good idea, or else the hairspray of doom will get ya :P


Lab to develop 'Super-material' graphene for 3D printing  


Let's play Civilisation V G&amp;K - Survival (Immortal/Ethiopia) - 033:  prostednictvm 


today..wordpress integration for magento..love my new trainee


performance review - worthless corporate ritual  


Capitalism needs to focus on society and not on Wall Street. RT  Capitalism is broken.  Heres why.   Tenacity and Wealth Put Skakel at Cusp of Freedom 


  NOOOOO dont talk about chocolate or Ill eat some more today :D


 Today: Marseille, France - Nov 23 at Docks des Suds  Twitter value is equivalent to 0.000000010739 annual NASA budgets, according to Twalue ... What about yours?  Austria.. One of my favorite stops along the Dunube.      winner GER with diabetes coach started BETA.Become a pioneer.     


Why is that whenever I come to this store, ALL the workers stare at me and somewhat follow me. IM A GOOD PERSON


 because he likes to think he's exclusive with everything...


 [ym gonl dstnciea lahirptnsieo] (2008) Randy Wayne, p:college c:USA poin: 29


I am using  's iOS app to clean and grow my Twitter network! Try it now:   


 never warranted a red in the first place. Clear yellow.


 wanna be in Kiev now... Stay strong, Ukrainian people!!


  if you have IE dev tools up you can also use console.log - not elegant but it works


 [eylhrs or:wc mnc'o meairca 0023] (2003) Shawn Pelton c:USA poin: 31


Four Seasons Hotel Bangkok Names Vincent Hoogewijs as Regional Vice President and General Manager  memory of Anna Nicole Smith who was born on November 28th, 1967 and died on February 8th, 2007.


Cool:| RT  A human species who cry every night hugging pillow


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


 at q eu gosto de demi, justin, ariana, the wanted e outros &gt;.&lt;


i never draw francis in any but he's been in a lot of fights in the weirdest of dimensions


I'm so used to being screwed over or let down that it doesn't even bother me 


 i just hope i'll actually get it on monday cos that's the release date it'd be lame if i got it later


 omg don't worry! Thank you anyway :3 I was listening to them until now but then I decided that I should finally read Romeo and


LIz Goergl DQ'd, losing her 2nd place finish in Beaver Creek. Equipment violation? 


I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Graphite Pencil Sculptures"  you know that there is a (recently updated)  for FE editing extension in  TER?  you want the good times to roll on forever, but, of ... More for Sagittarius  [dfyud dudyd dyubd] (1951) Jim Backus, p:mr-magoo c:USA poin: 17


 A talented graphic designer/illustrator,  has been such a joy to work with. I give him space, he makes awesome.


bought my tickets for the premiere of  Catching Fire :))   


Photo: Zooming through the hills.    slays he austrian radio with  ... sooooo epic!!!!


After 2,5 years my  3gen stopped working. Keep freezing and restarting, sound no solution online. probably going for new one :(


 wow sweet pic. I wish you &amp; your Family peaceful christmas Time. God bless you. Greeting from germany Fan.  my ass is a precious child who needs to be protected


oh, and Pertwee. coll hair too. I seem to be favouring curls. yep. indeed. I do.


Lb se mi video   Technoboy &amp; Isaac - Digital Playground (Official Preview)


a ashley, a shay e o tyler viro p world of series convention ):


Canada:  2300 + 3500 MHz fixed wireless operators to lose licenses if they don't meet rural coverage requirements -  Wesley   
Ian Somerhalder   

If Paul wins,I will be happy! If Ian wins,I will be happy!


Today's not the best day I could have, I am so tired,have to do so many things to school and no1 is there to help me :(


Pretty t-shirt by H&amp;M.      Dormero  northwezt: Laguna Beach | California Alesha Brown (northwezt)  Vborn. Bohemian Rhapsody: Star Wars Edition.   of schools being closed tomorrow only means my $$$ gets jammed up


Kim Dotcoms Tweets Make Megaupload Defense Less Credible, US Govt Says | TorrentFreak  via 


  that was actually the intent of the hashtag. We shall see...


 A native app let me save my work when exiting wia the global onError handler. Any simmilar experience in web app?


Beaghmore Stone Circles, Sperrin Mountains, County Tyrone, North Ireland  w/dj Bazil and Skywalker  2nite. Loads of         


 yeah, pity there's not more of those.. world would be better place to live in..


 hee hee, I sure am lol ... hope it'll arrive soon!!!


   One day I'll leave and never come back  [peaoisrng] (1947) Arthur Gould-Porter, p:pearls c:USA poin: 9


 Too bad. I really enjoyed listening to Rockzilla. Thank you for having provided a really great service!


netaudionews: ETC. - shut world    


I just realized tomorrow is the last day of 2013...
 I hope you will be good


 sad moment when you realise its Monday tomorrow ugh :(


My word for the day is FREEK this is a person of mixed French and Greek nationality.........


In memory of Lotte Lenya who was born on October 18th, 1898 and died on November 27th, 1981.


Veer ped  mi dorazily  vizitky. Take povinn networking.   Year, new skin at K Apartments! Hope you'll like it and that you'll find it easier to navigate on site!...   lets move on. Who is our next coach? 


What is good motivation for not falling when you go ice skating? Your iPhone in your back pocket...



"Let your greatness blossom" -  via   good!  courts can order ISPs to block sites that offer copyright-infringing material"  May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Lb se mi video   Modern Talking - Stranded In The Middle Of Nowhere (1986)


  its a box of chocolates 'G&amp;D race-night' by Fererro Roche


 Thank you! I'll be at DreamHack, so chances are good we meet again! :)


 we love u one direction!! from Czech republic


If I see Nani on the bench today, I swear I'm going to make a Dner Kebab out of the first person I come across.


 nope, that's nothing special about me, there are many people much better than me :-)


Virgie just called &amp; asked me did I get drunk last night .


     ok baby happy its nothing bad, talk later and i was supposed to remind


 Good result in total, but only 50 comp to you? That's not really a lot :(


Photo: Did i do anything really bad? No? So why is tomorrow school?        please follow me is my dream, I'm from Brazil!!!


Theres no hurry anymore, when all is said and done.


Awesome trails at Chile | 4th stop Montenbaik Enduro  out my project WAVE 01 - 3D printed vase at   [eth nam ohw kesdi nodw ervtese] (1975) Yuichiro Miura, p:narration c:USA poin: 30


 Yup, tho I am not ffriend of their CAPS LOCK EVERYWHERE. Feels vintage.


 that's the one that was destroyed re: Heydrich? There's a church near Karlovo Namesti where they hid and were eventually killed


 [a bdooly sems] (2009) Allen Enlow, p:immaturity c:USA poin: 13


"Once upon a time there lived a lonely interface who didn't have any method implementations..."  its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x13


 while u r focusing on z repatriation process, Saudi starts "deportation of Ethiopian migrant workers 2 Yemen". Action is needed!!?


Photoset: A few screencaps from Paul McGanns Doctor Who audition.  bailando lonely boy  hasta ahi puedo leer  


Moon Harbour Radio 44: Matthias Tanzmann, hosted by Dan Drastic  maybe its you and your sick need To give love then take it away.


Startup Hackathon In Kiev Today Hopes To Build Tools For Euromaidan Protest  via 


Eastern Bloc 25 Years After: Indie Music As One Of Its Hidden Gems  via  


this is like the only thing i really love about myself  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Wie Mr.Plinkett einmal sagte:" Who's fucking with my medicine?"


  me and  (predominantly Roli hh) want you!!!! we want your follow, you in Czech Republic,  (and maybe Roli's bed lol)


I liked a  video  CNET News - Is this a real RoboCop?


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


rollercoaster all bad e all that matters so as minhas preferidas


 me too hell it corrects phrases or two or more words and the ones it choose don't make sense.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  deeremy: "Im the best of the best. Im Blair Waldorf."  Jawaban benar: fixing to blow,  14/351800 poin


Lb se mi video   Let's play Shakes &amp; Fidget CZ - 3000 SUBS, epick hlka v obchod 


My Top 3  Artists: Depeche Mode (16), Clap! Clap! (1) &amp; Thefft (1)  haha niice! I came home for the holiday which was great! Back to Prague tmrw, who knows after that! Maybe SAmerica next! :)


 sb's looking for a pay-rise or a contract extension at least ;-)   


Coffee and the final essay of this semester. 


  eles gostam de ser filmados The Walking Dead  


Chef Haseeb Ramsey. Say mashaAllah, the dish is handi   of course, we'll ask this for you!If you have some more questions for jumpers, tweet them here!  


I liked a  video from   Valdemiro Santiago no Domingo Legal - 08/12/2013


    coach has a belly:p I'll show you my success with my wife


I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now


Chocolate doesn't ask silly questions, chocolate understands.


 you should draw one :3 at least some tiny one later :3 \o/


My bros   hit me up gave me two things to do lol 1. Get my ass to  2.scoop up big hen  


 idk like its bothering me so much like wanna fight it i just wanna fucking feel it idk fuck me it bothers me


The best way to start the day.... of course.  Technology Tags Your Photos Based on Relationships  police raid CEZ energy giant, seize solar business material: Prague - The Czech polices organised...  


Remove connection in Linkedin: Network &gt; Contacts &gt; locate contact &amp; mouseover it &gt; More &gt; Remove connection


I dnt even have a final in this class so I'm bored af .


Out with the old, in with the new!      Woop woop! I've gotten 1,200 altogether so far, another 1,700 to go! D: :D


You aren't interested in simply experiencing the power of emot... More for Scorpio  was so damn excited for imaginary numbers why is there always some problem with my itunes account


97  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Mmm...relaxing over a green tea....erm...as armed police surround the caf exit   he's 81 and he was 30, but still. I'm now older than he was.


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


39   - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


Just completed a 5.89 km run with  Check it out!  


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


It's that time of year again so bring your Christmas mugs out   ISSUE!!! " Arsenal haven't played anyone above them in the league yet."


(Metallica) Nothing Else Matters - Gabriella Quevedo:  via  Ta holka je prost ASN!


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x22


 Jawaban benar: knock 'em dead, kid,  19/369447 poin


Never underestimate the predictability of stupidity


 [mria] (1961) Ismed M. Noor, p:Documentary c:Indonesia poin: 4


Dj Norman Bates | Iscream III release party | ji5 | j5.cz  collected 3,897 gold coins!    


 BRANDON we can't be talking like this I have a girlfriend


I guess I know what's wrong. It's not only about background, platforms suck too :)


We are night and day...   Fav Song from the Album &lt;3


'tis the season to fight the urge to lick cold metal poles.


Going to move some my stuff to hometown after work.. Heh how can i have so much things?  Anyway thanks Bro:)


 hope so!!.nope hun, M&amp;G tickets were far too expensive for me, but still hope to meet Shane before or after the gig...


Choo Choo... FREE ticket for a Scientific journey on Lipa Train anyone? First come, first serve...    Do you need a psychoterapeutist? I guess you do... After all, you're... you.


"Raising the Federal Minimum Wage to $10.10 Would Lift Wages for Millions and Provide a Modest Economic Boost"   Would you help one of piggies that loves  ? Just tweet 
 "  Warsaw, Poland"


  my school stuff  jk basta you know.. Me.. I'm a crammer =)) haha go na sleep na kayong dalawa!!    


. if you want to be successful in modern, you need to start loving the whole format.


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


*Listening to*  Politics Weekly podcast: Douglas Alexander on Labour's foreign policy -  daily followers. 15 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Kiss Me Yesterday - Glitter [Swing Affair]


 wish you a wesome merry Christmas. Click  for pics,  a  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 187


  sorry Sherry. I understand it's hard for you. I had plenty of time to get used to it. Signs were too obvious


 hte englod ybso tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the golden boys


The final table of the EPT Prague main event is set.     


 I had a typo there. I meant staff-picked stack. Issuu always re-adds this stack.                yorumda farklilik yaratmaya calisirken sicip batirmak buna denir


online marketing bar: PPCada, Tequila SunriSEO, ...  Cafe Savoy Brno  smile is a curve that sets everything straight."


Was out running 7.27 km with  See it here:  wow just watched the promo video. Thats amazing! Thank you so much :)


Antarctic weather foils Australian icebreaker rescue mission to trapped ship
 new favorite: Cosmo's Midnight - The Dofflin by Cosmo's Midnight  on 


3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Vodafone ale klienty taky nechce :)   


 Bonjour hayouf kent bet3a2di laylet embare7 please trekini efta7 mara tanye w 2oul hamdelah enfin radet 3layee :/ !!!


Continuous Translation is more than a buzz word     


  it won't help either :) Maybe super slowmotion with subtitles :)


  I almost die from my second sniff day
vasuuuuup by yoouu ??


Your current strategy to avoid a deep discussion about your fe... More for Sagittarius  night 'meeting' the locals, still got plenty of money left for one final night!


Talk That Talk is one of my top 3 albums of Rihs. The album is perfection &amp; more songs should have been released!


Los Alpes             [ktahy finifr:g vyeredbyo anc uskc ti] (2007) Kathy Griffin, p:parents c:USA poin: 36


A new favorite: 8. Cut Glass - Wake You by Cut Glass  on 


"If you don't respect yourself no one will respect you." So true!!!


 and  with  and  for the greatest car ride to  I think yes 


Handy page :) [GMaps  Latitude and longitude coordinates](   teh iwdl oen tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the wild one


Can't stop thinking about time, it's just an imagination but we can't live without it. Am I lost?


 Jawaban benar: aerobics girls club,  19/9987 poin


Dubai Airshow sets global order record; Emirates orders aircraft worth $100 billion   I know people want MP, but we have to implement the features in a certain order and MP is actually the biggest one.


 Excellent job by your newsreader to force himself through the cough - you could tell by his voice that it was actually a coughing fit


Final scene of Chameleon movie is so epic. Hope you'll enjoy that


i don't have lunch at school so i'll have big mac menu or something


10 hot wedding trends for 2014 announced by "the knot"!  We love "unplugged weddings" and seeing the camera only...  skally the immigration officer down there judging. don look like his passport photo HAHAHA.


I have Laboratory on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 It's a shame that I can't buy the new DVD from the German iTunes store today :(


if your client's editors pay you to change an image on their website, which is maintainable via CMS, you might reconsider your CMS choice


[needrestart]  Thomas Liske - Update description text to be more meaningful.


Senator McCain Pimps for CIA-spawned Color Revolution in Ukraine -  Jawaban benar: there'll always be an england,  29/3410 poin


 [a naoinalttp cat] (1926) Al Jolson, p:plantation c:USA poin: 16


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  infinity           It's just on one of our websites (a big one, nonetheless) ... and yeah, I was surprised too


Through Google Glass: This Is What It's Like to Bartend at CES  you Rachel and Eleanor from  for nice words about our app!We are happy you like it!Was very funny to watch you playing!


Samsung dnes pedstav nov tablety Galaxy Pro [CES2014]  mobilmania.cz


My Top 3  Artists: Gossip (13), Haggard (6) &amp; Madrid (2)   Showtek ft. We Are Loud &amp; Sonny Wilson - Booyah (Original Mix)


Smack, Shadow D, Fuckstroy a Double J | Iscream III release party | ji5 | j5.cz  nevidim zadny release annoucment o  2.1... je to ok?


vc fica um dia sem entrar no twitter unfollow  vc expe sua opinio unfollow vc tweeta unfollow vc respira unfollow


After encouraging people to be politically tolerant,I realise today that I am not &amp; tolerance really is a tall order. I'll get there one day


" that scooter tape not sounding like anything." Chill out bruh don't tell me that


         .. My Czech phone cost quite a lot i think. Enjoy the films and time off xx


Prince Bandar bin Sultan, Saudi Arabias Gatsby, Master Spy  via 


 I can't identify cosmetic products though, it looked the same to me :P BTW, how's your involvement in Scrolls doing?


 w/ sublime cast 2night: Bonelli,    Ed Watson, Lamb,  Wow! 


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  new favorite: Onirika DJ Set - Soundzrise m2o / 13 Nov 2013 by onirika  on 


New post on the blog:          se mi video   Creating First Person Weapons Tutorial: Part One CryENGINE 3


 looks like its for editors choise only, right? (Ninja also has standard detail screen - no video for us now)


   Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 7C and a low of 3C.


Nakakairita pala ang dating when you're sick tapos ikaw pa hihingan ng gift eh nanahimik ka naman. My parents have the money not me. -___-


i feel like harry is the most amazing, nice, polite, beautiful, and funny person


RT: I get jealous over the little stuff...

Why?

Because we started out doing that "little stuff"...


Dear  Check out this massive event &amp; get your tickets now! Buy 3 get 1 for FREE!   Brandon Westgate a nollie flip  seaport  


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


10 people followed me // automatically checked by  I hope they won't... I was always scared after the last one I had so far because they came like every two weeks or every month


Your unflappable confidence can backfire if you think everythi... More for Sagittarius  Congratulations on being a champion in two very different leagues! Look forward to seeing the whole family in 2014!


Happy 2014: may it be even more fruitful than the last! Check out 8 hot technologies that shaped 2013   *Pronom EN/Y *Articles DEFINIS/INDEFINIS *Les COMPARATIFS/ les SUPERLATIFS *Future SIMPLE *Pronoms RELATIFS  *Vocabulaire


i'm dead serious about not playing terraria for a year watch me


check out, great work!        


 [iutderrn ni eth dstu] (1949) John Morgan, p:trial c:USA poin: 20


Amazing RT " Just a person swallowing water  Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


"How to Become a Travel Writer" by  skips the tips and just exemplifies great writing.  via 


San follback+describe yaa.makasi  udah mir. mira cantik, rambutnya curly, titisan bidadari, pede gewla, baik.  Pursues Deal to Change Pension Funding 


Im just saying you can do better  tell me have you heard that lately


52 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



 Hi there, I was wondering if you can put me in touch with Daphne Jovanov, would like to interview her soon. Thanks a lot!


New Logo and Print for Ingierstrand Bad Restaurant designed by  via BP&amp;O  -  it starts at 9 p.m. and will end at 4 a.m. That's reeaaally late isn't it ?


Blogbeitrag: Security bei der Google Search Appliance   


 [4 neocds adley] (1998) Kristen Shaw c:USA poin: 14


Who has the PUNCH like a man?

Android users
or
iOS users?

We'll know soon! Stay tuned.   Jawaban benar: exit speed,  10/52436 poin  1/363580 poin


When you're a 20 year old playing online pool, you got some problems


  I think you guys should to make a feature on my beat, ur both styles can make some good sht


Goin out .. like we came in ...  we coming!!!! 


SEOCombine Blog: What I use TOP-10 analysis tool for?         


I've collected 13,575 gold coins!    


Minimal gap between expectations and experience means greater customer satisfaction 


  :D .. I love your British humor, Hugh! ;)  ... Enjoy a tea party!


Lb se mi video   Call Me Maybe PARODY! The Key Of Awesome 


 [nme of eth wodlr] (1994) Sean Patterson, p:workplace c:UK poin: 16


I liked a  video  Electroswing Mix - Cab Canavaral: SwingSwing Swing!!!


'Almost Human' Trailer Awakens a Futuristic Cop Drama With Robots  Whoops! Just saw this. at :10 I'm going for another ten, hopefully to wrap it up for tonight. :) 


 [teh nhtiasncg] (2010) Vanessa Edwards, p:camping c:UK poin: 13


I added a video to a  playlist  GABIN - Doo Uap, Doo Uap, Doo Uap


The Five Biggest Changes Apple Made To iOS 7.1 Today | Cult of Mac  of Legends: Treat Yourself To A Mystery Skin  Nov 29th - Dec 2nd!  via 


Based on the September press trip organized by PCB, ICJ MICE Magazine released an article about Prague. We would...  I have a byte? :) RT  Something got lost in translation... but what were they even going for??   Everyone has something to do every week, I don't have any conclusions for 2014


10 Absolutely True Ways Girls Change from College to Their Mid-20s  via 


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


I'm at Filozofick fakulta -  (Praha, Czech Republic) w/ 2 others  I nearly choked on my tea when Paul failed to string his sentence together &amp; Larry picked him up on that. It came out my nose!


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 [casmtheress 0080] (2000), p:chess c:USA poin: 16


 So, dear world, all that organised chaos, cheering, jeering and a lit bit of remembering that is us, South Africa.


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  WORLD OF OZ  LP  same 1969  Like a tear


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 3.25C vre esse.


 just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 19


5  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


The pious pretense that evil does not exist only makes it vague, enormous and menacing.


Turu tututu tutututututut ee fileen explajen exploszyn exploszyn 


heeey babe 100 like for you = gift for  okaay deal or no deal? lov...  90 likes and follow, ok?  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


3D printing with wood filament on Robo 3D Printer (video)  


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Merry Christmas!! Missing family and friends from back home more than ever this time of year!


China sends warplanes to newly declared air zone  35, Justincase goes close after a great ball from Ockenden


1 movie that surprised me in a good way this year? Open Grave - interesting and surprising script, strong cast &amp; good music 


I don't want to jump to boy that easy because if you fall it will hurts :))))


Tis the season... Check out Non Sequitur on     ho ho, the special Xmas episode of my radio show Mastermix mixed just from my this year's stuff is here:  Enjoy!


Kerbal Space Program devs hope to add budgets, reputation in 2014  via 


INFOGRAPHIC: Which Brands Finished November Strong On   December! 0/ means i am almost finished w my clendar from  ;~;


 Haha ;). Way too early for that thing, dontcha think? :D At least some 9 months yet. :))


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Dropbox Will Soon Let You Merge Work and Personal Accounts  smartphone's hidden, radio-controlling OS is totally insecure" -  [ikcn dan sohan'r nfieiitn litpsyal] (2008) Aaron Yoo, p:band c:USA poin: 34


Gradient colors, graffiti style (called silver pieces, I chose light purple to fill out the lines) and   PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE YOU SO SO SO FUCKING MUCH, PLEASE MY ANGEL!!! BE MY 2/5 !!! :) x17


56,000 grant to develop speech recognition for the    to jako nepoznali, skrtim pytel UTPckem. RT  IT vs boxing bag.  Wayra Czech Republic  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  dreams are a major source of inspiration, yet you need to... More for Sagittarius  I ate pizza 15 minutes ago but my mum ordered so yeah. :D


 *LOL* Somehow I expected the "it was me" answer :)) A good photo lives off a great idea, and yours was a great idea!


I finally bought  for my  team! First match, first touch, goal!!!


"Don't call your brother an idiot" kid: mom !! Mom: shut up stupid 


Odeslal jsem 2 fotek na Facebook do alba Mozaiky a dal/ Mosaici e latri  una two mind now " Lol cat got ur tongue?  Errr..., RT kush_hush:   huh?""


Czech poet, dissident, historian Zbynek Hejda dies: Prague - Historian, translator and dissident Zbynek ...  


 rwa &amp; eceap tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: war &amp; peace


Introducing Rice Krispie treats to my host family.   


Ill Patron  Mikroport Krefeld 24.11.2013 Outtake (rec. by Synox   Net-Radio)  is goin to have a Wedding at the Red Robbin... You all know what this means.. O.O


 Is it about the quantity? I love eMa for the quality, both of coffee and the place. Keep it!


Taky jsme neodolali :3
            Ouch. That "sir" reminded me I just turned 48 (aka pushing 50 hard). Unless you're from the South;then it's OK.


 [ym oinghber, ym irllke] (2009), p:rwanda c:USA poin: 22


 Oh, that's bad :( Are you expecting even worse cold? I hope it'll be better bc it's really so cold :(


 [londno srmeda] (2009) Johnny Lynch, p:childhood c:India poin: 13


Spring 14:
Who is excited!?!? Let us know what you are most excited for using 


 Happy anniversarry 1st year bayu sayang({}):* I still love you


   Kyamam onlara yarnki turu soft anlatacam :)


 Jawaban benar: let's live tonight,  18/88305 poin


Kostel Frauenkirche - pohled od klenotnictv Wempe
 foto  Tatyana Chulkova   Christmas         


That's right!" clash of the titans starring me"  Afdal, Denis, and 2 others at Dresden Hauptbahnhof   bienenkiste: Photographed by Osamu Yokonami for Odalisque Magazine April 2012  I'm sure it will be a long time before you grow old, and it will probably never happen that you become boring =)


Cooking ...cleaning ...decorating xmas tree:) actually Xmas is here...trying to catch some special feelings heh


i hate having copious amounts of free time. i can't wait to go back to school


" If I fell off tomorrow would you still love me?" Nah


What have they done to Coleman though? Ridiculous form he is in.


  Paul will be in my Heart Legend never dies &lt;3 &lt;3 R.I.P Angel


Christmas menu 2013
We are open 25,26  from 12 to 22 hours.    she tends to do that to a lot of people b/c she comes across like she just doesn't care or think about anything


All that Anderson fanart that's going around right now though ... I approve xD!  [trifs fhgstli wtih einl aorgtnsrm] (1991) Neil Armstrong, p:aviation c:USA poin: 33


I hope  has something like a 2013 review in petto.


   yoo Krang? Ha! It DOES totally look like brain from other dimension.


10 days till Christmas and I finally have my first gift!The 2nd is in progress, the 3rd is a good idea and the rest will have to like socks.


i went online to update about kath's minute to win it but the upcat results greeted me &amp; now i can't focus on the show anymore


Emotional tribute from   So touching from a men who spent time in prison with 


 Live 9.1 :)... We both love the friendly user interface and limitless possibilities.


Gravity Squeezes 40% More Power From These Solar Panels  Jawaban benar: all night long,  14/94195 poin  1/6587 poin


  Happy New Year! I can't wait to see what 2014 brings! Only the hottest girls covered in  ;)


Thanks  for being my top 2013 blog commenter followed by  &amp;   :-)


About a year back i said i won't ever use larger smartphones than 4,3". My Nexus 5 is now laughing at that, and even a LG G2 chuckled.


47  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   




Muhehe. I have my own here at ze house. Except dew. Taju hihihi. Brb. ;)


Handmade Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


 Swedish. Japanese. More hipster? Portugese or polish c:


Just completed a 4.14 km run with  Check it out!  


Summertime sadness remix satu Starhill dengar. Buruk bunyinya.


 hallways after Christmas break  sure no one asked for polos for Christmas 


 Stilettos and broken bottles I'm spinning around in circles


At this time, posting making film video? So random, but I am not complaining tho...


 does it feel real yet knowing you won the green jacket??


Liverpool come face to face wth their goal machine.....


 oh :D really, don't worry. it's perfectly normal. they usually let us in after the guys have soundchecked at least 3 songs.


Farewell My Love (Break Up Edition) Ft. ShAiDawn (Free Download!!!)   I am in bed, but it doesn't mean I am trying to sleep ;) It means, that here is warmth under blanket 8-)


Freddy Cole - Have I Told You Lately That I Love You  lool ton grand corp il a raison brahim t un meuble ikea


10  Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


 Co by se stalo, kdyby VICHNI NAJEDNOU tweetli "Hop!" Pr by to vyvolalo velrybu. Blbost, e? ;)  why don't you pose for my essay sketches, Mrs Basta :o)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  getting dark out and I have yet to eat food today.


Sure, of all days we do the listening today.  


Anime completed: IS: Infinite Stratos 2 (  ) 


 give it a chance. There's a lot of upfront buffoonery, but there's a great flow to it once you're out of the early areas.


   ...and in his inside erdogan is a raver, baby! ;)


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


 Best Online MarketPlace for Professionals and Businesses

Register now for Free and Start Selling or Buying


(that's another way to put it. XD) why it's not freely available on Youtube is anyone's guess. now The Night... woulda been worth it.


 Have a look at the following map. It features the Prague Congress Centre.


 [sngo fo refdoem] (1936) James Solomon, p:opera c:UK poin: 15


I liked a  video  Justin Timberlake - Amnesia (Live at BBC Live Lounge Special)


 :D i know! but Frech would be SO MUCH useful to me! :D I don't even speak German with you guys!


Digital technology will not solve all global problems  voted for  . Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   What a professor knows that students dont  Eat World in Nrnberg, Germany   Nice evening with the sound of Arizona :)  Around 6AM, we need to talk about it! Go watch it :D


Raskolnikoff's WTF Daily is out!  Stories via  


 "yes" to all your questions. Uninstalled and upgraded both app and ext.


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Showers of blessing for the last morning in this year:)


75   Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


Breaking the hard Swedish Disney Christmas TV tradition for a walk to admire Prague's beautiful Xmas trees.  2014: Intel CEO unveils big wearable technology push - USA TODAY  


   not even w/ the browser plugin? with that you should be able to download &amp; watch it.


New  look and feel "australis" is landing in  nightly and looks very promising!    Cake? Are you sure? That looks more like chips to me. Shame on you,  :b


I've collected 18,315 gold coins!    


 LOL dont too sad. ahh so thats the convo w your mum. I HOPE PANDAIARY ARRIVES TODAY?!!??!?!?!


SVK-CZE starts in 5 mins. Winner gets 3rd in group, SVK 4th if lose, CZE 5th.   


 my jsme sli do kina - The Secret Life of Walter Mitty - bozsky a mily film! &lt;3  :)


I posted 28 photos on Facebook in the album "nvtva u 2d3D"  a BEAST morning listening to tele-class by  Thank you!


Lb se mi video   Wild Sweden Look In My Eyes HD 1080 Surround 5.1


Christmas is coming soon.....! Time to say "Thank You" to our Photograph " Ronny Kiaulehn Photography" for the...  it also bothered me when they didn't even acknowledge the million zombies coming from the city.Hopefully i just jinxed it


Get here our music 4 FREE!!!!! For all Fans we have a present here:

This week: Tony Navas - Memories of Ibiza!...  Hi, how are you today? Still working? Is there some snow in Vimperk?


.   its time to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY ... choose the one you guys like most:  Feeling like rocking this fridae! I endorse this tweet!! :-) tsena wena Clarlolo :D


This is           [erdrmu ctiy] (2004) Shaun Stone, p:murder c:UK poin: 11


Patriotism is...a conviction that a particular country is the best in the world because you were born in it George Bernard Shaw 


Happy mother's dayy!!! I love you forever mom{} sayangi ibu kalian jgn bikin ibu kalian menangis yaa:) hanya ibu yg slalu ada utk kita:)


the funniest line in  is `do you think l am a Berger" from the Somali guy


 bda nem fo tbtoeomsn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bad men of tombstone


"Democratic transitoin theory implies that the end of the process is democracy. Which is not the case here."  Csicsmann


Bored at work Chinese soup bags hungry I have to endure in 4h no money for luxuries


Blue Silver Christmas Lampwork Beads Set by CzechBeadsExclusive        


And this is why you should be careful with your privacy settings: "Jack Vale Social Media experiment":   Because nothing goes according to plan, least of all your  but never stop D.S.  is a reminder for:

Title: Haus Kreis - German
Hobbs
When: Wed Dec 4, 2013 4:30pm  6pm Berlin
Where: Rothermundtstr 18, 01277


Inspiration you need to get looking like this   releases new documents exposing secret Trans-Pacific Partnership talks  Bonita Imagen By Andrew Paranavitana    collected 14,491 gold coins!    


You can't help but to love Avery he's so goofy and fun to be around 


 Its usually that people listen to a lot of electronic producers, so there is just  edm family : ) no fandom.


Fashion Icon!!         surprisingly, is there devs who don't know it? Uh...


Proposed Czech ministers tainted with scandals - press: Prague - Some people with a dubious past such as...  


Stolovi sa svojim tocionikom :) ( The PUB Praha 1 w/   [pic]:  congratulation bripda rafly! Be a great police yaaa ;)


Good Morning. I wish you all my Friends &amp; Dears &amp; Followers a great Weekend. Enjoy it. Tc.;-)  Laws Go into Effect Today as MD Restricts Gun Rights and NC Expands Them  Jawaban benar: ed and his dead mother,  22/172 poin


Supercross Chemnitz is already running on this second evening 


I think they are planning something really BIG in Manchester....and I am way too curious...Fly by Nite on its way :))


Camp X-Ray to Premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival anf First Still of Kristen

The 16 films in this section...  hell Woy. Keeping an injured player on for 90 because of... what? Stupidity. 


 Jawaban benar: wolfenstein: enemy territory,  28/322658 poin


What makes content "good" isn't what you spend to make it, it's whether or not it works.  Survival - ep. 5 ,, Co se bude dt?!:  prostednictvm 


What is best in life? I mean besides family, crushing of your enemies, or a combination of both?


Aplikace Here Transit pro telefony LUMIA byla aktualizovna (LS)  Jawaban benar: our modern maidens,  18/364083 poin  1/541 poin


Handmade  Moonstone Oval and 16k Gold Plated Brass Feather Pendant Earrings   


I am broadcasting live at  come and check it out!


News Analysis: Spying Scandal Alters U.S. Ties With Allies and Raises Talk of Policy Shift 


 please invite me to trials I'm 17 I was playing nike slavia praha with U21


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 3 others  It's an actual spell invented by Vaginny Weasley.


 hi Sam! ^^ how are you? haven't spoken for quite some time :')


 Jawaban benar: i take this oath,  16/322603 poin


 [teh etoml] (2005) Heather White, p:liar c:USA poin: 9


You just reminded me of someone. Parareho lang man gali kamot tanan. What an instant shift of mood. Yok tulog ta ah.


333 &gt; It's been forever na since I saw you. I miss you najud super duper. Wish we could hangout sometime like when we were kids. Miss you!


 Jawaban benar: the last remake of beau geste,  29/87708 poin


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Nelson Mandela Dead: Former South African President Dies At 95  .. imprisoned 27 years for intended armed struggle


 To by me nebavilo!! :-) ale proti gustu zadny disputat. Enjoy! :-)


e by inpirace  Nein! Dam. Si jednoho Pyrata a k tomu stelim corelli concerto grosso op 6 no 8


Opet spusteno dalsi tepelne cerpadlo HPSU Compact od  vice na  quase acabando meu trabalho The Walking dead  


Lb se mi video   The Most Intense Videos From Syria Part 7


Looking forward to the day when it'll be relevant to make a FF 'cause my followers won't be just bunch of people who know each other already


The following or 28 days later. Crime or Zombies. Decisions decisions


The last day of Expolingua in  We are making new friends. We have new members!


 wala lang yan. hahahah :)) natawa lang ako sa ganyan


 Why don't you block him? He'll always hate you. He'll only see the bad apples, never the good jobs you do. Don't feed troll!


Can not believeee. I met Simon fucking Neil!!! He is so cute!!!     holiday survival tips:     


Play the highest card, touch the devil. I keep current, whatever.


  oh but did he say anything to gauhar no major one in da other hand  always lashes at her evry sat !!!!


Time to sleep?Time to read.         what?? is he tweeted in Portuguese?? i didn't see it?? 0___0


The Beatles - Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Full Album (2009 Rem...:    


On my way to Prague.Let's start the producing weekend.:-) ( Autobusov zastvka - Rumburk Bytex)  i've never been satisfied with what i could have when there was perfection i couldn't have.


Surprise live performance by Pink and Linda Perry of "What's Up?":  via 


Today I made my first working  script for pT distribution. Path of particle phycisist just began 


A new favorite: Scott Kemp - Guerilla Agency Showcase 0:1 Promo Mix by   on 


I love this photo because it's true, it's what I really am, it's what I'm really about.
The whole DJing thing,...  The two Album of the Year prize winner and the collaborator of the Czech pop music authority Dan Brta - ROBERT BALZAR TRIO!


This is           made a movie of my  on Twitter:  What's yours look like? 


 I cannot sign on Symbian mobile - can you enable Mobile TW authorization?


 can you follow me? Please make my big dream come true. :(( &lt;3


 Jawaban benar: swallows and amazons,  20/336779 poin


Hair embroidery! Amazing "en grisaille" 1820s Regency embroidery picture made with human hair. BabaVintage  via 


 down boy ;) she grew her hair out. She had this supahot pixie cut but now it's gotten long. BUT SHE IS SO SHORT


 wish you would talk more about UKRAINE! Updates here :)  09 Dec 2013, let us all send Kirk Douglas the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (97)


To the Moon je m srdcovka, tm! RT  To The Moon just got a free Holiday Special Minisode. Go play!  [hopoprghat of ujsse] (2008) Matthew Butson, p:photograph c:UK poin: 19


 urquell Yes, I looove the    Plzesk Restaurant Andl  wanna get a matching tattoo with someone special .. friend or naah


 it does! Because you are so excited that you can't wait till Christmas morning 


Foursquare hls: that's 4 straight days at bars. You set a new record. To asi nen dobr... :D


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


I hope you'll be very happy, Molly Hooper. You deserve it.

And the kiss that wasn't a fanfiction!


 So Mimosa is some kind of complex compiler by itself?


Having an awesome day but wondering why Im sitting in another Czech meeting


If you think global warming's a con, you should spend a night at a summit: By the time the last round of inter...  World Echoes Stockholm, part of international human rights film originating in Prague 1998.  can play "Neon Lights" by Demi Lovato please? Thanks!  


  I'm bout to be makin my way up there homies


Can't believe DWT is over. I remember being there as if it was yesterday!


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


      yeah i saw all of these on tumblr haha!


 Jawaban benar: getting personal,  16/5532 poin


 Kristen Stewart is the face of the next 2013/14 Mtiers d'Art collection ad campaign    your top tip for taking the most stunning travel photo? 


How  and  cars can change  forever -  tak follow , follow ne m'dek dulu :D "  follback m'dek ."


Google's Attachment with Drive  Why Choose One? -  via 


CD kapely J!Scream, kde hraje bracha  se ted prodava na Supraphone:  Za 39 Kc to opravdu stoji :)


 it would fit the donkey kong idea, Mario did have a hammer in that game.


Thankyou ya:)  happy birthday kil makin" wyatb Gbu ;)


The Morocco Travel Daily is out!  Stories via  


"In" sounds absolutely amazing! Totally rooting for album  to sound like this and Ordinary Life.


 [nbaesrhgdae blal] (1987) Christopher Guest, p:rock-music c:USA poin: 16


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


I'm at ern ovce (Praha, Czech Republic) w/ 4 others  I cried watching this  I am so proud of you Justin


 alksigpewlne eoht tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: sleepwalking theo


UK: police praise ShopWatch radio network, run by shopkeepers to warn of local criminal activity in realtime -  today: DW Akademie open online workshop: Digital Safety for Journalists  via 


 Vim, ale jsi Moravak, tak te tam aspon nezmlati, hned co promluvis :DD


4  Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


happy new year to everyone :-) lets celebrate in 3 hrs w live stream from Adams concert :-)


Good morning world and meet the house of the blues!!! :) Great performance of Luther Allison!!!!  you heard V KAPSE x MAULIN by Mountainman Mike on   new favorite: Microtrauma - Emilia (Ambient Rework) // Traum Schallplatten by   on 


Drinking a White Shadow by Kaltenecker Pivovar at    I take my glasses off because all I'm looking at is my phone. But then I forget, and look up, and wonder why I'm blind as a bat.


Nanti mimin share lg ya foto2nya di twitter, instagram, dan facebook:)


here, have some good news in case you need it   Well but last time it was like "No right cloths? No entrance!", that's the reason I wasn't in there...


I'm getting EM Radiation on my head with Laser Weapon.


 [eht piv] (2004) Kim D'Amico, p:fashion c:USA poin: 7


Janne  I have a quite good feeling for the weekend, Im quite satisfied with my jumps [shown on Friday].  


Just stairs        LTTP and I keep trying to find GRAAL landmarks subconsciously.


 George Clooney  tady jedne perlika pro 


"  bra they won't give him a chance smh" they listen to gbe


  it's really weird,even tried to contact the.customer service at digital stores but got no reply from them either


 [eddra] (2009) Leon Ockenden, p:fear c:USA poin: 5


The only reason I like Xmas is it's totally ok to drink copious amounts of champagne and not look like a wannabe baller


Girls think they got it easy try waking up with morning wood 24/7


 Please tell your Claire to try some additional vit. C: 1 fizzy tablet in the morning, 1 at night, and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 bwcyoos ni niaid tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cowboys in india


Taliban used to disrupt NATO supply &amp; PTI does the same, so what's the difference between PTI &amp; Taliban?   


2013, The Year The iPhone Got Good Enough To Be Your Only Camera | Cult of Mac  worry, be happy!!  on Sunday!    wow, you certainly have a lot of excuses. :) but don't bother judging then


'Ring Clock' Makes Time-Telling Fashion Statement  revealed that he will never forget that night when his stomach was in pain, it was Yixing who immediately  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               465


PocketBook CAD Reader: ob tabletoteka s Androidem  mobilmania.cz


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  positive feeling from  Brno is full of tech geeks. Thanks for your interest in Dixons!   Weeknd s novinkou Devil May Cry &gt; BNGR.cz  via 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         365


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 hsshc


You literally make me sick. I don't care who've you fucked. No we aren't fucking. It's guys like you that make us females lose faith in guys


 it's the best to draw when you're in the mood :3 did you draw anything in past few days? ^o^


I've harvested 484 of food!    


I've collected 68,300 gold coins!    


And if I only could,  I'd make a deal with God, and I'd get him to swap our places. Be running up that road..  last. I really don't get why they're doing this. It's popular, people use it. Well, not me, I switched to Foobar ages ago but still.


Today's top 10 asthma articles BellaOnline:    


Short interview with us about our new app;) Thank you!  Mr. Fox and Shapes!  


Google says 91.4% of non-spam emails sent to Gmail users are now authenticated using antiphishing standards   I found  - seems river deprecation is still on the table? I am fine with that btw if this happens.


 soorryy. I was alseep. Good morning. Have a great day;-);-)


Starting off the APAT team event with a NLHE STT, England captain  on my table


i wasn't finna move to the back of the class already can't see


yeayy\m/ RT  Cc   RT  FOTO: Alyssa Soebandono Rayakan Ultah Bareng Fans   about ur Kajol comment.  Well do not forget audiences made Kajol and u too so no one give a fuck if u guys acknowledge us.


I posted 30 photos on Facebook in the album "Mikul 2013"  should've continued drawing while i was still in the flow  cetho noo  lakik iki --&gt; RT  belajar MK, (menjadi kentir)


Congrats!   buys Testing Com. to further enrich the services of the Digital Intelligence Suite  RT  Q-Tip just confirmed this being Tribes last moment on stage together  play Aurora 4x - part 108 - "Kleeto":  prostednictvm 


 I wish I weren't so lazy and got a job like that too~ :D


For-profit industries arefor profit ... by definition "My Two Cents on Feminism and Miley Cyrus"  unfollowed me! My 2 new followers - Thank you! Daily stats via  paasahin ang sarili sa mga baay na alam mong malabo at imposible.


Anime episode updated: Kingdom 2nd Season  29 (  ) 


 os yuo nawt to eb a elhorcba tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: so you want to be a bachelor


Really looking forward to  next week. Perfect way to end a great year! Looking forward to speak.


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


"It is better to ask some of the questions than know all the answers." - James Thurber


 Hi, how is your day going? Hope you have some reasons to smile today:)


"feminine with an edge" "mixing hard and soft"...if I hear this again I'll just start wearing corsets and crinolines!


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 30 NOV, Song  MAGI  LP  Win or lose  1972  Fryin' away time


 Once I did some quiz and it said I'm Charlotte. So, hi Carrie ;) :D And now we need to find Samantha and Miranda :D


My new Mashup is also on the new DJ Y alias JY-Blog with another different 'Papaoutai'-Mashups! Check it out!  wa eng subs tio suspended liao. give you chi subs de. now got 3 eps le. one ep around one hour D:


"So I put some catnip in our food dehydrator and came to find this"  jsem jako oblben video   Scar The Martyr - Blood Host [OFFICIAL VIDEO]


    u know i told u many times to be more careful but u just looove to get hurt huh?


Just reached bedok for trng... should meet  for dinner later. But I gotta do what's right not what's popular. So go home n study!


 that's the spirit! Haha wine fixes everything!


 [eth bzi] (1995) Kelly Reilly, p:business c:USA poin: 7


Just got today's  sticker. Get yours in the next 8h:38m.   


finished Idle Parent: Why Less Means More When Raising Kids by Tom Hodgkinson and gave it 5 stars   y ronaldo doesnt is only coz pple don like him but to be frank l think he is the best player in the world n proves it


You can now play 1of our games for free.How awesome is that?;) Hope you will all like and share!Follow   from Waste Heat with More Efficient Materials  best thing about being self/unemployed: I can do whatever the fuck I want at 2pm on a Monday.  Shame!, you should do one! :) The sonic energy is outstanding!


Two terrorist attack in Russia within 24 hours. As the Olympics get closer the Fear is only  harvested 780 of food!    


My Top 3  Artists: Vanessa (12), Asonance (8) &amp; Ministry (7)   In Batman: Arkham Origins [German]  "Meet &amp; Greet im Royal Hotel" [HD+] (Let's Play):  ber 


Czech tennis rules even on stamps! ( Postfila) [pic]:  Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Looking for a sponsorship? Selling bike or  helmet? Needing anything involving races? Want to work in racing? Go and visit 


  it would help in some cases ... to help people understand the own point of view :P


I'm at RadaGs House -  (Koany, Czech Republic)  Pretty good actually, Im reading a book, so Im happy right now :) What about you?


   do not do that! you will not sleep at night...


Pure gold. RT  Kung Fury pits Hitler against the greatest '80s action hero that never was  not only that, but drunk driving would be substantially decreased. Am i right?


Vborn nov release slovenskho Exitab Label. Povinn povaka na weekend. Jacques Kustod. Hit The Lights.  so many have asked! - fuckyespetercapaldi: Heres the address where you can send letters, gifts, etc....  great show!! I love it !! :** thank u  for everything ;** xX


even when i'm 300% sure my mum's wrong she's usually right in the end that's scary


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


  did you know that those are Benedict's parents apparently? &lt;3


MappedIn Gives You Turn-by-Turn Directions for Indoor Spaces  aside I actually had a really good New Year 


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


'Soul Combat+' Headphones: Tough Enough for the Sportiest Music Lovers  sterlingkato: superwholockthecomic: squigglydigg: mercurialmalcontent: ask-xion: flatbear:...  same here bruh. Hoping the next year would be better than this year aite? Wishing! Oh aku pula dipersalahkan? Hahaha


Being so upset you are sick is just the worst. What's wrong with the human body that makes it want to do that to itself?


I've collected 38,000 gold coins!    


Tak kdo si d tu challenge a nape RemoteDebug bridge pro IE, aby el debuggovat v Chrome?  My hair is getting long first guy I've ever seen tweet this 


How many Cessnas at once? RT " The Antonov will take the Skyhawks to Russia, for training at flight schools.  in Muxia burned down on Christmas Day.: Hi 
 
Sad news from Muxia. The church on the headl...  Camino Forum


Good Night Everyone..sleep well and sweet dreams...&lt;3;-):-*  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jdit


 A MILF is a sexy ass mom over 35.
If you're 20, you're just a bitch with a baby.


Well, I think I'm ready for some server domination!   two edition of  to go for 2013 , we are having a Braai please be early cc   


OMG, tiny tiny tinyyyy polar bear cubs! BABIEEEES  *iz ded* 


 Yes. It is the 1st user experience on 3rd project... :-/


Demoing Google Glass by  at HUB. Finishing off with EasterEgg - picture of the dev team :-)  years old! MT   Spogmay young girl encouraged by Taliban brother 2 carry suicide attack.  


34  Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


I LOVE Christmas but when I hear all those christmas songs I start crying. ;-; [whyyy]


im so tired omgg...i need at least 2 weeks holidays! :D


" " I hate sharing my food. Only sharing if I like you." RFT!" Both of y'all need to share


  it also seems to force files to download rather than stream.


A Beautiful evening from Dresden. It's Cool weather and Christmas markets have all opened. Temperature, 1  C / 33 8  F


Lb se mi video  od autora   After Ever After - DISNEY Parody


Happy Friday! Enjoy that coffee I know is already in your hand :) 


Once again: "Cause after all Nothing's indestructible" 


But even Rihanna had a thong on in the "Stay" video.


Speaking in public: two errors that lead to fear  this should be a reason to watch  I loved it best movie of the year   owns your brain? NSA CIA? Coca Cola Exxon? or your local police. (4/4)


Vyhrajte pod stromeek CD Toma Odella, Babyshambles, White Lies, Jakea Bugga a Hurts!  Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


Soulgasm - Djane Battle lady vs. DJ Rockstar - 2.patro - Full house  a grown ass woman I can admit to my mistakes...yeah I fucked up...I fucked wit a flaw nigga..I ain't know but fuck dat nigga 


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x35


Added a new video: "Rene Trossman &amp; Guests: Deitra Farr; Chick Willis; Lorenzo Thom..."...  Thanks! At the moment I'm remixing three alternative pop rock songs, I hope you will like it!


I'm not afraid o sudden fear,neither o desolation of the wicked wn it comes, 4 the Lord shall b my confidence &amp;shal stop my foot frm bng tkn


What do Adam Levine and Wilmer Valderrama have in common? ObamaCare!:  oh Adam, you've lost me as a fan!


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.


 for making a pro-gay comment. You're comparing apples and oranges. It truly isn't the same coin. (2/2)


British faith today: open to the spirit, closed to religion   via 


Photo: (via Tumblr Hoes Appreciation Thread aka Ooo LAWD (18 ) - Page 3 - The Ill Community)  shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


The party season has me tired already and it's only the beginning of it all!  


Of course! It's heaven RT   Czech Republic!!


He is dark and handsome When it's dark, he's handsome


 nrknihi:os eth imkgna fo a mveio sart tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rhinoskin: the making of a movie star


I feel like that now! RT " Only if it was that easy  for feeling better with asthma:    


skiing in italy next month is literally the only thing i'm looking forward to this year


 Oh my god! You're so cute :') happy new year Jason and Shannon :*


Guter Tipp, der Shop ist klasse! RT " The absolute MUST-HAVE for every Pokmon fan:  real boyfriend is there when you need a shoulder to cry on, or need someone to talk to, not just when he wants your body."


Probably about to have the first success at singing career. And I don't mean hearts on 


 v  tonight. Hate to say it but I think Liberec will slip up, can't seem to buy a win at the minute. 56 days since last win


 [no nc:otilao rehew leagse reda] (1968) Clint Eastwood, p:nazi c:USA poin: 30


Hiring an IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


I'm already tired and cold so probably not going out tonight if they don't hurry up 


Your love is my turning page,
Where only the sweetest words remain.  would like to hear "Better Together" by Fifth Harmony please? Thank you 


Now I'm completely addicted to  . Thank you        &amp; 


Why it's time for brain science to ditch the 'Venus and Mars' cliche  via 


 I found something that is about 18 per night.


Live, die, repeat. Just like Fallout. 'Edge of Tomorrow' Trailer  hit the door, and they callin' me Your Majesty Hit the highway with 50 bricks and a Spanish bitch


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         4


Coldcut - 'Walk A Mile In My Shoes' (Official Video)   Fascinating! What about Granny's knitting needles?


 aiyoyo even worse you lure it into your house and then you trap it?! :o animal cruelty!!!


Should Parents Spy On Their Kids? [MUO Debates]  pes 


A new favorite: Wave Racer - Stoopid (Jump The Gun Remix) [Free Download] by   on 


 [!bo (2001) Beth Ann Hampson, p:boy-band c:USA poin: 7


My artwork calendar (created in 2012) is ready for 2014. If you are still looking for a nice christmas gift ...  - Number (produced by Freezer) | shot by   She know she boss lol suckonthedickimashark: TURNT UP  ejremy yahdr s.v eht iserali amry tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: jeremy hardy vs. the israeli army


 Wanted to do so. But there is no RSS button /nor buttons/


 The phenomenal Performance on last saturday in MSG!Congrats for win! Everything live!   The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


  
       you got your wife shoes, they count as two gifts if you wrap them separately, right?


 and u can shout that again,what were they smoking there at the emirates.


Ze 40 soutnch videoklip se Axwell a Sick Individuals rozhodli pro klip od Matthewa Laenga! Ten se tak stv...  not bout being  its annoying when your fav music is interpreted in the most creepy way by others


 pretty much my thought, everyone knew Winston was gonna win but just didn't know by how much.


My man  bringing out now his new Album.proud to work with him.DL this masterpiece for free  these guys texting u but don't follow u... And wonder why i'm not answering -.-


Reminder: sometimes, even though the truth is X-ist, the average X-ist view is less true than the average non-X-ist view.


 Jawaban benar: a wing and a prayer,  19/4298 poin  1/3347 poin


I have got Master of orienteering achievement in Mystery Manor!    


 uhc nlai nhgo uod igbn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chu lian hong dou bing


'The Wolf of Wall Street': A 'Gatsby' for Our Hollow Times   :  )   30 November 2013.  The making of HarryPotter  Warner. Bros.Studio  Tecne Model MP3 &amp; Music Downloads at Juno Download  [ahri uuknt madnaa] (2010) Fanny Fabriana, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 17


 awww. *sigh* &lt;3 I keep hearing only great things from fans who've met him. did you get to meet Peter &amp; Colin as well?


You can still rock the vote for BelAmi as 'Gay Site Of The Year'  Awards 2014  it was so cold and my jacket so light that for a while I thought about sheering those cute sheep...  i tell myself to run from you but i found myself  Selena Gomez


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.0C ac foris 1.13C vre esse.


Mon, 02 Dec 2013, let us all send Dan Gauthier the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (50)


  Content Snippets collects copy examples from websites &amp; applications, to serve as   stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  OK/OE5HCE/P (Christian) on OK/PL-001 (Velk Mokruvka, 1370m, 10pt) 21.310 ssb: now here short qsos [via SpotSMS] [OE5HCE]


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 antibiotics ain't good, but sometimes you don't have a choice. Hope you'll feel better soon.


 [pepe whos] (1999) Damon Jones, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 9


Don't expect your day to run smoothly since uncontrollable cir... More for Scorpio  I just need to find out what my bro, sis, mom, nana, and baby niece want.


 it is a server variable - up the server operator.


Good morning people, have been missing you for a while. But I am back. Put some happy mood in your heart by this   Jawaban benar: hollywood boulevard ii,  22/325179 poin


I completed 2,444 tasks with Remember The Milk in 2013   birthday to my best guy  ..   and 


What is wrong with Ashes series. It get over within 3 days of the gme
Apne ghar mei sab sher hote h..It applies to all the cricketing teams


Think of everything that annoys me as an opportunity to innovate.


 just realized we while ago bothered you by so many tweets you're probably not intersted in...sorry. Have a wonderful evening!


 wow seriously? Your English is damn great for 3 months!


international-guideline-for-problem-solving
Found at   of my dreams, Finn Harries &lt;3 with some man from India ...   night ahead at Prague's favorite venue Lucerna. Most of the top local talent in action tonight. Anybody coming there too?


Tonight we're hitting the stage at Hard Rock Cafe Praha for the European Barocker bar-skills competition! Free...  amount if coffee I have consumed us unfathomable


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via  FBI agent at center of AP surveillance scandal sentenced to over 3 years in prison
 Commandments, Trappin Ain't Dead &amp; jdu vyzkouet to workout hit co tu mme ty revolto


How to Beat the Daily Grind with an Attitude of Gratitude  via 


 or was that a thinly veiled 'look at my HDTV?' ;)


Great review for  - 'High quality drinks. Very good!' -  voted for Castle for Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   subject lines from Marketing Experiments....  week on twitter: 5 new followers, 3 new unfollowers via  kind of pet would you like to have in the future?  dolphin  that' the disadvantage on winter
eeeeveeer cooooold


 I think it probably has to do with cultural roots. In Czech, people don't use the qualifier. Christians might.


The joy when you play at a lesson well!  


Keep voting as much as you can today! We need to see our man  crowned THE KING OF THE JUNGLE tonight xxx  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Sleep well, my Honey-Yang! I wish you wonderful dreams! :**


  it's fab indeed :-) kind of an added bonus to Shane's tour and meeting you girls xxx


Drone delivering an order to your doorsteps?? Looking forward to Amazon Prime Air


Amor a primera visa... :) ( Cinpolis -  w/ 6 others)    to do the videos too and then put it together in one big video for those who can't come..


Kinki Palace 05.2012 "Das grosse Jubilum - Welcome to the Club 750". Sunshine Live. Original!  IM SORTIMENT! Eine weitere Variante eines Curry to go Bechers!  having the best time of my life   That would be incredibly sweet. A free kick in the last minute a la Beckham vs Greece please, Karol. Around for the game Mark?


Pretty incredible recording of Czech PM bemoaning the fact that he would probably have to attend Mandela's funeral  of the surefire ways of improving your drug life in 2014, then  in terms of safety and pleasure  is to...  through the last pre-holiday workload! Thank  for  :)


Zitra s Afrikou Islamem ve Spindlu. /////// Tomorrow with Afrika Islam in Spindleruv Mlyn....  i was laughing to myself thinking, what african parent would let their kid play in the rain like that! 


 fiscal 2Q13 financial results:  Hopes to reach $4.2 billion in storage in FY13, up 11% from FY12.


Make 2014 your best yet  I just ran 2,55 km  a 11'53"/km pace with Nike+.    time an iPhone 4 screen, camera and +/- buttons replacement went really well. cc 


 The Big Ten, 5 (Murder by Numbers), &amp; The Lost Tape. The newest 3 lol


36  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


US is expecting -51C? Bet global warming supporters might be reconsidering their careers. No wonder its now called climate change.


Lalechebendita me acabo d enamorar de   Well done! You rock! :) U got yourself a new fan! :D


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 952


The janitor didn't say "Gesundheit" when I just sneezed. Now there is no doubt anymore.


  to hold more talks with Putin.      Boys &amp; DJ Electronic Boy - Superflight (996 Miles EP) by Gerry Verano  Azure: BizTalk Services, Traffic Manager, Azure AD App Access + Xamarin support for Mobile Services  harvested 840 of food!    


Dispached: wexphotographic (UK) already shipping the X-E2 (and also in stock)!   


Jsem jeste lehce opila,posloucham swing a zapisuju grafy 


one person followed me // automatically checked by  There was that scene when Johnny came home and the dog jumped out. I dont know if you saw it, there was a similar scene


I've harvested 1,030 of food!    


My Top 3  Artists: Christina Aguilera (25), Katharine McPhee (25) &amp; Agnes Obel (23)  is shopping day with best friend! love u my darling


ATM DS07 "Psychosomatic" by TECN ATM DigitalStore: Bandcamp: Juno:  Struggles of every artist on the internet!


Do you know that?Of the worlds 4 billion mobile phones in use, 1.1 billion are smartphones.  via 


It may be flattering if others attempt to persuade you to part... More for Taurus  shows that obese women have poorer mental health       


the real Space Oddity... I am speechless. BEAUTIFUL.     Ty and I got to take our friend to dinner yest who's home from the marines! One reason I love holidays is because everyone comes home!


We have just started pushing the latest version of MemSource Editor (3.142) to all MemSource users  well I got Surface RT too, let me know, if you find something :)


 i dont have any courage to do it lol.. Just by think of it already makes me nervous.. I can't endure pain well -__-


 Any plans for opening Tesla stores in the Czech Republic?


In memory of Roy Boulting who was born on November 21st, 1913 and died on November 5th, 2001.


New Linux worm targets routers, cameras, Internet of things devices | Ars Technica   ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


All I really need is to see Macklemore, Fall Out Boy and Panic! At The Disco live. Can that just happen already. I really need this.


Handmade square  Glass beads earrings.   


 Man City plot a 40m world-record bid for Bayern Munich goalie Manuel Neuer [Sunday Express]  HAHAHA


  zmbos use the internet for socialreasons and most companies are not recognizing the shift ey need to create mo noise thre


(ahh high-speed internet, I missed you, lots of pictures had been piling up)


need the perfect present for that friend itching to know about their Czech ancestry?  i've got it!


 [hte eratg iouxs sgiunrip] (1953) Peter Whitney, p:horse c:USA poin: 24


We get many questions about the size of  - this picture could provide some answers...  2013  209: 14.  - Forget The Past ( Remix) 


 Afrojack - The Spark (Feat. Spree Wilson)   (I miss  it's not the samee)


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 56


I hope for the speedy recovery to both Michael Schumacher and Anderson Silva.


Space Station Live Interview  3D Printing on the Station  


You are motivated by repressed emotions that may come close en... More for Virgo  what a waste to your brain if you cant make ur own stance and opinions. Dont be too much dependent on others' views.


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


A decision has been made... The Duke asked ever so nicely to commission a  of myself as Aphrodite  D.S.


9  A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


Some kid named Petr Nedvd scored a beaut. Really wants to go to the Olympics, maybe even be a top 5 NHL pick.  Jawaban benar: hooker,  6/367309 poin  1/330785 poin


Great talk by  about making your action games better.  brooch  brooch with beads  white beads on brooch by MagicSky  via 


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 22 others  Coat Brown Sheared Fur Russian Princess by prettyinprague  via 


I favorited a  video  Best VINES of September 2013 Compilation! (100+ VINES)


Bad Girls Go To Heaven (Original Mix) - Forrest. // OUT NOW  posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Hrub perk - The beauty of a delicate spider web"  fandom passes up on the opportunity for calling this canon ship StripBonus, I am going to be very disappointed


Audio: He sang longer than he ever did in Growl or Wolf...  commentators go back to where you came from kmt black wig wogs kmt


Dokonalost! Andrea Pirlo Fantastic Free Kick Goal -  via  -  we'll damn girl do your thing an go check out We Comin on YouTube   o


   we all know holley  and you'll get it vannnnnn


How to Stay Cool When Inspectors Show Up at Your Small Business  all talented students: applications to the Czech Philharmonic Orchestral Academy starting 2014 are now open   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           427


  Arrogance of power.Mandela spent first night as free man at Tutu's house.You say "he is welcome 


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Nicky Romero - Toulouse   snapchat &amp; be on the phone at the same time dnt work for me .


40 Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


 Sungyeol is a bit of a devil isn't he? Seeing him act like that and just in the first episode of Sesame Player.. xD


 I have a similar feeling in all Source games, but it's much better in newer Source SDK versions. It's ok in other games.


Setting up  Interesting where they say is the center of the Czech republic.   Brochure    F2800       of the strength she worked so hard to achieve.


Which instrument would you like to find under the Christmas tree this year? Max


 thank you as well! &lt;3 At least there is wifi so twitter and tumblr will be pretty busy! :D


My aunt just told me that she ran out of toothpaste so this morning she used soap to brush her teeth. Uhm...


The worst identities of 2013 probably tells one that a CEO shouldn't work on the logo herself. Hinders designers?  Yes, but I hate you anyway, because I had to burn like 25 DvDs xD


Haha Valid RT  If ya ex hate you for less than 3 months ya pussy wack


Favorited "Adham Goda - The Emotions Show Guest Mix for Gsep - Innervisions Radio - 25-1..."  by Adham GoDa


How to decorate a plane for Christmas? :)   


  or the people who got screwed playing US sites like lockpoker   


 Becky please follow meee, it would be the best christmas present xx


I liked a  video  HBz - Jingle Bells [Christmas Special] [Simon's Cat]


I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "TRANSMISSION The Machine of Transformation"   For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


    Do you publish this on  or on Intec blog? BTW Declan:Is this a Tardis on your bg pic?


Enjoying great time with smart people on   


 hey! so sorry for misspelling your surname! :) fixed it


  Pete, if you haven't arranged for it yet and are still flexible, get  on the show! He stopped Twitter!


 a co bys tam rada, jeptisko, do ty huby? hihihihihihi


Worst thing is when you know you life would be perfect w/ a person but they are so far apart or they don't feel the same way it literally


8 Vintage Czech Art Deco Apple Green Glass by prettyinprague2  via 


 Jawaban benar: passion in the sun,  18/10793 poin


I just finished a 3.02 km run with a pace of 5'28'' with Nike+ Running.  


Another wonderful passive aggressive brimmer Christmas...keep the gin and tonics coming.


I think of going to the grave without having a psychedelic experience like going to the grave without ever having...  wonder if  will also mention what method will be given priority if e.g. Iterators provide first as the DGM do. 


Photo: ceramichands: oysterhome: Jeannine-Marchand Thats porcelain! amazing  sleep soon bc there's still too much work at home tonorrow but i am ded orz x"D


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Come visit us at  from 20.- 22. of November and check out our new  products at stand HA-M5:      how its suppose to look at the end) but w Adam and tommy there :-)))))


 fnu at .ts nfasny' tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fun at st. fanny's


 [teh gnot nma] (1919) Yutaka Abe, p:opium c:USA poin: 12


 oh I can imagine that. Not a good job at the moment ...


 Jawaban benar: the hard easy,  13/19821 poin


"You wonder why she did this? Because she felt like it. You wonder why she did that? Because she felt like it."


 I wish you and your family and Merry Christmas.


In memory of Klaus Kinski who was born on October 18th, 1926 and died on November 23rd, 1991.


AMAZING Exclusive: Chang'e  Jade Rabbit Lunar Mission RAW Landing FOOTAGE:  via 


Lol " Don't bother trying to understand women - women understand women, and they hate each other. Lol"


Easy automated website testing - you don't need a "guru":   it's just an amazing album with amazing songs!   j


Universe must hate me./ Why do I have to catch a cold 2 days before i was supposed to meet Him? just so unfair


Kinect-Driven Interface Turns 3D Shapes and Movements Into Reality  via 


 Proc ne? Klidne jim za par mega prodam copyright. :-)


 v Lucerne to byl neskutecnej narez!  totally worth it!!!  to you all guys!!!!


 Please do a Master of disguise video with   :D


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Pedstavujeme nai nabdku srnho masa
and what would you cook from this meat? any ideas??  morning love you...monday morning love you......all morning love you...


new fonts for 2014, perpetual and quicksand.  i heart thee.


Effective Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
  my fave is when zayn's talk about his family idk why but i always cry when that happens


 Masses don't have big data ;) so they can calculate correlation in Excel since ~1993


Off to Poland....some retail therapy and x-mas markets. Cheers xoxo


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  is           gratz, I wish you even more millions of dong...dollars.



When they get some baby cat's you can have some haha


Today stats: 4 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  Great, glad to hear! Thanks. Could you get 13,000 other peeps to signup too? :-) Look forward to your feedback (email next fri)


 Man, I always keep telling everyone that the perfect gift for me is merch, cds or books. But nope, never get that.


"Should Americans give the worlds poor cash or food? Apparently, the answer is neither"  am such a terrible "kid".My grades are terrible my average is terrible and I can't believe my parents still love me,ok I can but..


3D Systems unveiled ProJet 5500X multi-material composites 3D printer  


O Allah, encompass us in the vastness of Your mercy.


24 Reasons Why Hockey Players Are Actually Big, Cuddly Sweethearts   via 


A new favorite: Sefly - Tension by Sefly  on 


What an excellent run by Mller followed by a sublime pass which puts Ribry alone with the keeper!


 Looking forward for it! Just let me know, if you need a promocode. I can create one for you :)


Best treats from dolcelatteph !!! Too good to be true!! There is a SERIOUS party in my tummy!   Motor bird by Martin Gallie (       


 [plua aymtncecr vlie ni teh new rlodw] (1993) Paul Wickens, p:tv-special c:USA poin: 36


That's the Eastern European Christmas dinner done. Carp, Bread &amp; strong spirit. Looking forward to the Turkey tomorrow.


Diffraction patterns from ipad screen in halogen lamp reflections.  mom wants katniss to end up with gale like no how can she


I find that shit funny, I already know wats gunna be next, an we it happens that shits gunna be 10x funnier 


Only problem: Conf calls :D : "Why You Should Work From A Coffee Shop, Even When You Have An Office"  via 


 Naah mate, we're rubbish. We are just overly excited haha!


 well i'd be more excited if the teacher didn't ruin it for me but yeah it's still skiing so!! :))


27  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


 a nice early Christmas present, congratulations to you and the family......


       Thank you!!!! I wish y'all a wonderful year 


Stupid storm  almost killed my pavilion in the garden I've just setup this year.


Trader s wisdom in retail banking  ZeroLowerBound environment: in uncertainty, widen spread.  tohle je tk  Duran Duran 1984 world tour - in pictures  via  cc 


 good night girl :) get well soon and have some nice dreams :) 


 i don't think thats bench...last 7 games Mario played in  lool boss you'd probably be in the next room making your own


saw a lady w jjong's scarf just now....i wanna know what shop sells it :&lt;


*listening to* C-SPAN - Gregg Easterbrook, Author, "The King of Sports" -  like this, because they feel offended, although the content is clearly not offending. It's just nerve-wrecking in a way. &gt;_&gt;"


Can u say 'I love u Nikol from Czech Republic' Please! :33 &lt;3 :** ( live on   Using  to deliver sushi?   got a new guitar!  CD 60           fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 1.44C vre esse.


Sounded like I had the thing finished! Sorry for the confusion. Miles to go yet.


I added a video to a  playlist  Rihanna - What Now (Official)


 you know I always do. Ene kana that weekend will be post my bday vibez. Am bringaaaaaang it! Too much of it!


 Jawaban benar: mission to moscow,  17/361693 poin


EGNOS safer landings scheme available to Ukraine 
  try to see the positive side of everything but sometimes I just can't..


 Top 5:  Toneshifterz - Leap Of Faith (Original Mix) (WE R)   personal 


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


a gnt ta em segundo mano   Justin Bieber


 Going to sleep can be really costly with BTC Crazy buys for a sunday.


W ait tHat's s till acc urate.....except th e plan e t eat in g


One of the cool things about living abroad is that sometimes you get to see really good movies before your friends do  cannot stand all those stupid bitches I see everyday in the train. What's wrong with our generation!?


  not a fan of either (esp. not LB) but honestly can't say anything abt the cover is worse than the original. *ducks*


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  it's not like it's bigger or heavier or anything ..


I was asked to be in the jungle this year but I had commitments to the business. Unlucky for you guys who would've seen my beautiful face-


 lol that's what i am thinking.. i am so late.. -____- at least i know what to do for the next event otl...


Beautiful  780 today in  ...amazing car designed by   v centru na party?:) jestli jo, tak honem na  party do 


Applications for  are opened! 12 weeks accomm. in Prague for the 6 best teams in Data, Search &amp; Analytics 


Thought you knew how to eat an apple? You've been doing it wrong  person followed me // automatically checked by  watch bad rap over at  and donate while you're there!


Asked for a white russian, got milk with vodka)) sorry, hunny, it doesn't work this way ;)


Get in! I just guided FC Paloma  to 2nd place in Non-League B  to poor performance on the part of my domestic scientists, we had steak again last night :---


Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  new favorite: Kings Of Convenience - Parallel Lines (Daniele Di Martino Edit) by   on 


New Aircraft Could Help Deliver Aid Anywhere on the Planet  functioning sociopath, with your number... :D :D " -Sherlock 


 haha, hope it'll come to you one day :-) it's not as fab as yours though :-) xxx


On the other hand Hotel Praha was not saved and is being torn down now  is so Amazing!  or Wonder Of The Year!!!! ReOrder &amp; Ian Standerwick Official pres. Skypatrol - Folding...  watching  I wanna watch more horror movies


11:23 OE5RTP/P (Peter) on OE/OO-303 (Breitenstein, 956m, 2pt) 145.500 fm: oe5iro/p also qrv ... [OE5REO]


wow almost no internet for 3 days I almost went berzerk


 sabay sabay tayong gragraduate pre.. Siguro kila greg na kami magapply..


Lb se mi video   Saints Row IV [Soundtrack] - The Girl Who Hates the 50's Mission Theme


Telefon s Androidem 4 a 256 MB RAM? Kter masochista si tohle koup?


 Jawaban benar: the patty duke show,  19/10197 poin


Check out the  in  via      Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


Weihnachten:  Live - 240 Microsoft Points [Online Code]  gw off,, dm aje kalo penting      


Are co-captain  and her husband Team Canada Doctor  the cutest  couple?   still on way via post... will send pics when it come...


  Basque pride &gt;Money. Even if he wants to leave, they won't sell now even if they risk him going for free later


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.13C, Marc 22.13C ac foris 6.19C vre esse.


 hahahaha wth u I cn nvr knw...rembr wen u had a 'stroke' hhahahaah


     ohhh i hope itll be ok. hopefully no surgery will be needed!!!!


Sun lighting up Mala Strana this morning. We are wishing you a good day wherever your path takes you.  time when we were bored so I and brother decided to do some crazy stuff  Gees remix hour on the Czech Deluxe Music TV channel...not exactly college football.


I think it's time for me to invest in some  Just trying to decide on 800's or 1600's 


 Made a pic for you :) Hope you like it;-)   [nliigv deda clko up] (2005) Amanda Healy, p:cell-mate c:USA poin: 19


The Prague Post is on Facebook too, here's our page:  so we hope to see you there! Please share! :-)


 is that your birthday today? :) if so, happy birthday! if not, just happy day! ;)


The best examples of street art in 2012 (48 pictures)   I'm here, follow me please? ): Love you x15"


all love Birthday Tyrese much health and continue to so much success in your life, I wish you, all love from Austria Europa 


Tue, 07 Jan 2014, let us all send Dustin Diamond the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (37)


" Why do people think you can't have a relationship and twitter?" Cause they tweet their problems


1 daily follower. 2 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  Tops 2 Million Global PlayStation 4 Sales - PC Magazine  


Blushes and turns grey --&gt;  Great job by the charismatic  chairing our motley crew  


  first ever exhibition in  republic of japanese art brut   


I don't care what other people think, but I never stop believing in Larry..  :'33 x60


  13.  feat. Tha Suspect - Hands Up" Personal No.1 !! 


Three times a week 400km trip just to visit  meetup in Prague. 7hours in train, 4hours with bronies... Worth it  our team at EIBTM stand F70 and learn about Prague's newest offer for conference organizers at the press...       Tebechovice pod Orebem  I've been so quiet lately but I've been mostly tied up with work or ill and when I wa...   you heard Deanna Avra * Digitally Imported 14th Birthday * December 8, 2013 by deannaavra on   the Finnish girls Kerttu Niskanen and Anne Kyllnen are happy about their great performance at the final...  hsuahsuha anww ele e um fofo One Direction  


I've collected 17,430 gold coins!    


It Came! on sale &gt;  sale on  Carry on and have a good laugh  right and especially those who are /buying/ things for the giveaway yeah right you're paying $$ for merch ur gonna give me 4 free?


Someone marked every death in the Game of Thrones series! M to smysl vbec st? :))   well I think these videos of him were enough for me.. I can't take any more of him TT


Merry Christmas and a prosperous new year to all our customers


 it's the piano part between CE and space dementia!!!! if u listen carefully u'll recognise it


Giving up after all. Gonna make it through the day.


When you know, you can   and  -  


  Presne tim jsem si prosel. Q10 jsem hrozne chtel, nakonec klavesnice OK, ale furt swipe sem a tam. A rychlost nic moc.


 Where to? :) Or maybe you could bring it with yourself here. ^^


 [ayd ta het bchea] (1998) Patrick Fitzgerald c:USA poin: 16


Spending a week with another 5 Czech &amp; Slovak leaders at Willow Creek's Partner to Prevail seminar in Chicago. 


NimbleTV Launches Streaming Cable but Legal Questions Await  [egrdngnyieramr] (2010) Gray Davis, p:election c:USA poin: 14


Today stats: 3 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  the one that didn't get accused of sexual assault.


 guys, I love you so much!:)) I'm watchnig:3 The story of my life was so adorable, but Harry's microphone didn't work at the start


Gief OGN subscription. My eyes hurt from Medium Quality T-T


 has Christmas decorations, food, drinks &amp;karaoke. That's a much better atmosphere than the law library.   


 podcast The EuroMaydan &amp; The Russian Street  w/   


" 2013: The year we learned we're all being watched. While constantly taking pictures of ourselves."


Most 2013 Black Friday injuries or deaths are connected to Walmart. C'mon Target ('Tarjay') you can do better.


claudia made dumb doodles of our english teacher(her first, my second) and i turned it into a horror story


While starting  tells me it's installing updates and not to shut down the computer then shuts itself down. That makes a lot of sense


Today stats: 15 followers, 11 unfollowers and followed 11 people via  Maybe. I am just not ready to go through that again, watching someone you love slowly die.


 *LOL* Do you even get snow in Torquay? Somehow I thought the warm(ish) sea would prevent that.


Now Hiring: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


  Pacific Rim (feat. Tom Morello) by Ramin Djawadi &amp; Tom Morello   collected 18,628 gold coins!    


Photo: The Clouds, a set on Flickr.Clouds Always tell such a story. The Wind is a powerful artist.  announces 40 million users registered on BBM for iOS... and how many use it on a daily basis     I really enjoy the vids you guys make and even the tutorials even though i dont do film related stuff at all xD


Pulp hero team Red Panda and Squirrel from Mask of the Red Panda  mini series  are 89 Life Hacks That Will Make Your New Year So Much Better -  imagine how Karen would feel here she's like a billion years old


from where i stand           earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


"Simply having wonderful Christmas time" ke u je po tomto odpornom tdni!!!! 


 Jawaban benar: black theatre: the making of a movement,  39/329858 poin


I'm coupled with Kate. Have you coupled with your loved one yet?  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


 I dont have to go with it I kinda dont care I just  asked in the first place and thats all I did,Im not gonna do anything else


  Short version: encryption problem with cards. Payments from  - OK, from Valve S.a.r.l = fail.


Im tha only one sober an up enough to drive back to   


This champ  RT  Q: A simple one today. Which boxer is loving their bling?  neue Lieblingslizenz: WTFPDL  Do What the Fuck You Want to Public Digital License   saw ur performances right now OMG U were..haven't words..INCREDIBLY AMAZING isn't good enough..have to invent new word 4U:)


Haha xD my dad is the best,he jokes and i can't stop laughing


Ministry of sound - The sound of DUBSTEP - Worldwide 4 - Dopest compilation of music ever!!!!  


That awkward moment people call you by your Twitter name in person.


and every game there must be the end of it, but look at the one who is going to be her champion


Wondering if some tweet is better than no tweet. What do you think? 


 Jawaban benar: slippery slippers,  17/372166 poin


 By the way, I thought you were sighing over my Gollum joke. But it seemed way, way too quick for such a resigned reaction.


Odeslal jsem 7 fotek na Facebook do alba My a prodejna  just did a Runtastic training in  SitUps Android app: 116 Situps in total!  


I have succeeded in making Hayden addicted to Skins.


 dude you should watch  and Captain phillips


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


A Conversation With: Healing Soldiers Most Exposed Wounds 


 i think (but not sure lol) its goose w cabbage and dumplings but usually ppl here eat leftovers lol w us it means


I have a job opening for an IT Security Governance Manager. Contact Me in Brno, Czech Republic  


 Blkov 'In our publication we differentiate public onactivist internationalists, autonomists,moderate aktivists(concerned about HR)'


If you don't automate tests on your projects - what are your reasons for not doing it? 


Kick off ya shoes and relax ya feet , rock rock drop to this flipset beat !


 sighs sometimes i can't help but miss the old times when life wasn't cockblocking me from shinee /jkjk life's good but busy x"D


My team has won on 'Arizona - Ranch'! Join us!    


Good one! Lesen und teilen:
Best advice to a homophobic parent. Ever.   


 [het obanr] (1966) Jennifer Clulow, p:embassy c:UK poin: 9


Are you thinking about a very special X-mas gift? Give our film! Online, legally and without endless lines! Check our selection on web!


 they'd be gone in .0005 seconds if i had them here


Santa is coming in 30 mins pls let it be slutty santa


Discover the secrets to making money online as an affiliate with Click bank, 
 you told her right but yea it's technically not too late..at the same time with 2 kids it's too soon would be a lot to handle


 [haedt ydgnfei ctsa] (2007) Aaron Brown, p:fraud c:UK poin: 18


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 14 others  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  s:waklekry hte ddvai mtsonoph rtsyo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: skywalker: the david thompson story


  it can load vat's though so that might be one way to do it.


 One Direction "69" daj  rob spam !!! Chlopcy wygraja ;*


Heaven gained another precious angel. A man who had the power to change the world. A man who changed  you feel like you've given all you've got! You gotta take one more step!


  I know, one repair center can order it. I would like to apply my warranty, but I cannot use it, because it's US/CAN only:-(


Our Master think it is "funny" when we cling to honesty, kindness, compassion, courage. They laugh when we "believe" the lies tell tell us.


pleasant surprise is when you want to watch the latest updated ep of a drama and found out its the last episode YAY.


I'm no longer sure who recommended the Monocled Mutineer to me but man, could I kiss you! really good &amp;  is amazing in it.


I've collected 26,470 gold coins!    


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Understanding Organizations Using the Four Frame Model      of 8. Interngovernmental Committee on    ya :)  Happy birthday yoo, moga makin" dan tambah" deh haha, JBU


Kobe Bryant Mansplains NBA Economics to Fans on Twitter  in Foreign Policy sez only Yanukovych resignation is acceptable result for Ukraine protesters:  to messages from friends but otherwise I'm just stalking twitter and tumblr &gt;//&lt; And this is not even the last one.. then I also


 oh she's fine with it. usually the whole family gifts each other, so they all throw together to get it.


 
Thanks for visit and followig, unwaited:-), thanks !


TIME's best pictures of the week, Dec. 27 - Jan. 3 |  pes 


I reached a new  Milestone: Completion Percentage of 30% -   Looks like painted, not a picture:-) I feel like retired-2am and I can't sleep, back to work at 7am! Lovely NYs!


 were you able to commit and push? you can lend mine for a while


If the decades-old term War on Drugs refers to the fight to eradicate illegal narcotics, then the battle is...  -- "Hey, can you drive to the pharmacy to get something? Oh, and better hurry, they close at 12."

The pharmacy is 20 minutes away.


 [amyr nyabtr] (2005) Alin Sumarwata, p:lieutenant c:UK poin: 11


Y'all don't know how great it is to actually be yourself around someone 


This year has not been the best and next year this time, I will be probably saying the same thing but this year,...  you later here for a Q&amp;A with AVALON HOLLYWOOD 
(6-7pm PST):...  Apalagi gw Che? Mau balik kapan Coba?! Heheh happy Sunday dear...


I earned Silver achievement ''Ace'' in My Railway for  Jealous yet?   


Based on this dull affair thank Christ they've done away with replays...


 yeah I seen the aftermath. Big ass empty ciroc bottle in yo room lol.


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Help make it happen for SOLiPOWER - Happy End fuer alle on   14 tage noch!


por um tt com a bio '' boyfriend da needtobeollg ' ' jcksldnx


Google Glasss importance goes way beyond consumer electronics  Jawaban benar: independent intervention,  24/361920 poin


All I want is just to feel NORMALLY at work finally. Have some nice colleagues and the normal stuff other people have.  ?


Just got this  sticker. Check out my 33 other stickers on   


DJ Grimaso - Defko jsem real ft. Hugo Toxxx:   13/12 LIVE STORM CLUB PRAGUE BITCH


She loved life and it loved her right back | via Tumblr  Cloudcast "Green Velvet   Electric Playground Podcast (Q87.7) 10/19/2013" up now at  Check it out now!


I'll be 23 in 3months, nothing major is happening in my life. Am still just a student. Like I have been since I was a child. What's life?!?


"We must hv courage 2 bet on our ideas, take the calculated risk,act. Everyday living requires courage if life is 2b effective &amp;happiness."


just came home from work its almost 2am going to sleep instantly byee


"You will find the key to success under the alarm clock."

Benjamin Franklin


Twitter Stock Hits New High Following Rollout of Ad Targeting  subscriptions? Lets get rid of this junk :)   finish in Beaver Creek. Ligety &amp; Bode go 1-2. First 1-2  finish on home snow since DH in 2005 (Bode &amp; Daron Rahlves).


Let us know if you need anything :)

In C-IN, we have the most helpful colleagues you can imagine.

 liked a  video from   [ENG] What Does the Fox Say? (SNL Korea Parody) S04E34


i feel like im slowly turning into what i was 1 year ago.. i need to stop this


 to rindo aiouysifguahsas amei   one direction


            Vampire  Top 3  Artists: Everything Everything (34), Audioslave (27) &amp; Creedence Clearwater Revival (12)  [a tnihg ta sishep'o] (2004) Zack Ward c:USA poin: 19


 I usually try to act like I expect the worse but I hope for the best and then end up being disappointed xD


Kangen Water!!! Getting my weekly water fix! A balanced PH and Alkaline rich body means disease cannot  Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Too much food...and wine...no, only food, wine is great in every amount ;)


 Happy New Year! May your 2014 be full of joy &amp; happiness :-) Xoxo


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               470


Audiojelly shop vybral DJe PP a me jako jejich "Futured House Artist", diky!

Audiojelly shop makes DJ PP and me...  Dynasty: Will I Stand With Phil petition work?  via 


Just finished playing  -  - another amazing game concept by folks at 


Yer" paling tidak satu target telah tercapai, persiapan utk ratusan target lainnya. Hepi nyu yer, god bless all of us"


asi tak do 5. minuty =  Janix na UNISEXU, pak u borci ve videu trochu pitvrdili...my favourite: psychadelic...  decay, violence, people sleeping on the streets, living in trailers, mobile homes. (2/2)


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  "crocodile"nya dipake terus ya, aku seneng kamu pake itu. makin cute! xoxoxo love deh ah:*


No logs kept - fast vpn service for freedom lovers:      


Nemu beginiann. Dan alhasil bikin mupeng kesana. (with Nungkys and Bagus) [pic]   to have a father and daughter bonding time by playing GTA


Ok, im finally back in SC2 and Im starting practice hard! Thanks my new team ECVisualise for their support =)) ! GL HF


You'd have thought United would be a shorter price after drawing Olympiakos.


Vote BelAmi Gay Site Of The Year at the 2014  Awards  Kotlin has quite a few decisions on the the same side of the fence as Fantom if that's any help. Unlike Ceylon.


African State Of Angola Bans Islam All Mosques To Be Destroyed  como visto Revolution (2012) - 2x9 - Everyone Says I Love You    


 album? I meant single. brain fart. yeah, Xmas in LA bought it last night but so far hasn't grown on me. :-( you are luckier then! :)


Mark Zuckerberg Gave the Biggest Charitable Gift of 2013  My pleasure, as always :-) a jeste jedna: ktery font ctes nejradeji? Pro inspiraci prip  tady na tw i na FB


 I can't even remember how the actual anime ended *facepalm* I really want to read the manga though :3


Winter is comming... takze si dame neco tematickeho pro dnesni poledne:  Dobrou chut, pokud zrovna obedvate! 


  Did u make it also from chocolate? Chocolate plan ne eat.mg chocolate - sounds nice :-D


SV-COMP: Concurrent programs, if *sequentialized*, are best analyzed by ESBMC, followed by silver CBMC and bronze LLBMC. Congratulation!


 Jawaban benar: the 7pm project,  15/372710 poin


Use the discount code: alfamatrixmas2013
at  you'll be able getting the new Album...  favorited a  video  Mike WiLL Made-It ft. Miley Cyrus, Wiz Khalifa &amp; Juicy J - 23 (Explicit)


Soar Through a Narrow Utah Canyon in Nail-Biting POV Video  don't know what to think as you are bounced around by the ... More for Gemini  Jawaban benar: clear cut, simple,  17/365644 poin


I have them like Miley Cyrus, clothes off twerking with my bras and thongs, timber  2 words ya really need to know... WHAT (the fuck) NOW??!!  should enter the    to win a guitar &amp; a signed album!  reading her mind and she's on the verge of knowing what I was going to say, like this could work for me.. 
 


 Yep,not much in there. But they have the red pepper / chili stuff.


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 yep, have bought into QRK during all the little dumps.


OMG my heart almost stopped when I listened CE Live it's so fucking awesome  


   I know more states as well, but I definitelly can't place them right :(


 wait awhile more when they put in miracles in december bc that is must sing!! LOL


   Perhaps she is right, and your parents, you and everyone else you have ever met are wrong.


I just voted for Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


'Histagrams' Tumblr Imagines History Told Through Instagram  Prague theres a pop-up rest. thats such a secret that the guests dont know theyre guests - 


Merry Xmas to all Directioners and boys from 1D from Directioner!     


 lol I tried , you failed at my idea for that story. You don't deserve to be in it


 haha xD ya no te van a vender en china wok te van a tener miedo chele :*


 We launched our book app (with crumpet &amp; cake!) at The Royal Institute, London, a month or so back...  quickest flight ever lol took off,quick coffee break &amp; in next 20 min we're on ground


bahaha mum's acclimatised to the Who brand of crazy. (honestly after Tennant anybody seems totes normal, maybe except Tom Baker XD)


Our  booth is getting a lot of love even though its a bit minimalistic ;)  sure if you can access their stream from the US. Maybe PBS or a Canadian station streams it as well?


  I think all's fine now. I was in the office, they accepted it. If anything changes, I'll let you know. thanks a lot!


3 Things Millennials Want  And How You Can Deliver Them  Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Thu, 05 Dec 2013, let us all send Kwon Yuri the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (24)


I've harvested 1,081 of food!    


I liked a  video  Jimi Hendrix 1968 lost song found in 2013!! NOWHERE else on-line. With Lyrics!


 Foreign Ministers' statement on the situation in   


Individuals with Medium or High  Skills -  distribution    It is a great news,but attention for frostbites!


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE!  I always have so many questions with these stories, but because it's "local" news there's never more information.


 [a lrwdo tthuwio tyip] (2004), p:aids c:India poin: 20


hahahaha" Mauknih,banyak artis2 dangdut bermunculan,lagu asal aja,sampai ulat bulu diolah lagu "


Wish you 2014 to become one of the most succesful year of your life


 figured. where can l get your music either than online


Photoset: Who wouldve thought Id end my McKinley days right where I started  back on top. I got into the...  actin kind of shady, please girl why the sudden change


 What about the fucking kid in your christmas commercial? Records in portrait, replays in horizontal. Miracle or jailbreak?;)


A blood moon over the Temple of Poseidon   at what price .....your soul you sell your soul to make the pain go away and your hopes and desires become infinite but it cost you


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 20.88C ac foris -0.06C vre esse.


A new favorite: Secret of Elements - The Beginning &amp; The End (MATZINGHA edit) snippet // [coming soon] by   don't worry,the service is not affected,the guy who caused that already arrested.


47  RT to vote for the best tvshow

Castle   


 A good reason to be depressed. Worst of all is that MATH will start. :( My friend i'm so sorry!


These Interactive British Airways Billboards "Point" To Planes Flying Over In Real Time By   via 


We're still doing reconstruction in apartment in Vladislavova and we are very curious how much you  drawn carriage at sunset. Old Town, Prague.  Prague Beer Museum  U19 at Pardubice. find that ball! :)     the First Teaser for Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence'  Gerome - Mental Freedom (Mostfa &amp; Mostfa Remix) [AEZ Essentials] -Uplift Of The Week-
    


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


 well yes.. I'm sure he's running around half naked in their dorm though. It wouldn't surprise me :D


 Merry christmas beautifull wish u all z success&amp;happiness  cabseeh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: beaches


 [apec dna olcw] (2005) David S. Goyer, p:costume c:USA poin: 13


13 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking." - Johann von Goethe


Im headin out west with my headphones on. 


Girl don't bring ya baggage we have too much shit to carry


catching up w/ the Voice now. finally. 1st eliminations from last week. apparently featured some cool group perfs.


 definitely and then they'll be wishing us a happy new year


I eat HERBALIFE after my running. I just ran 5,67 km with Nike+.    of the coolest mammals on the planet: The Pangolin"  - Paranoia ( Buckle vs Systree remix ):  prostednictvm 


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


8 - your the realest female I've ever ment, i have so much respect for you cause of that


I was hoping the acquital in September was the close of that  chapter. Guess I was wrong!


If you can access Steam in the client but not in browser, clear browser DNS. It magically works. Chrome: chrome://net-internals/


Lets play Megaman Battle Network 3 Blue - part 24 (German):  ber 


 Jawaban benar: 36 hours to die,  15/3230 poin


 [eth melto] (2005) Eleanor Hutchins, p:motel c:USA poin: 9


 mainit tapos pagdating mo dun amoy totoy brown na..


 vielleicht shortly gesehen aber longly they will be Safe


My Lord RT   surgeons cut 25kg tumour from woman's womb  and Gerrard still to come back, and we have January to strengthen a weak squad (exposed vs  Not all bad news.


First  acquires it, now he is practically GIVING IT away: Linguan 50% holiday sale during iTC shutdown!  /hug/flying kiss/^^  : EXO penserpis juseyooo :"""


2014 in 29 days and there are still homophobic people. Not cool.


 [het beyedatr] (2008) Phillip Mitchell, p:ski-mask c:USA poin: 12


 boys are cute
nothing to be ashamed about at all


 Thanks for unification of naming of the concepts. Mixing structural/active and inform./passive has been confusing. 


Our first Compilation "Beachclub Essentials 2013" will be released at November 27, 2013. The previews will be soon online!


 Hey man. I guess u are woman enough to appreciate this.  qualities of good programmers  via 


 pmo !ttah tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: mop that!


Why don't we use the word 'impregnable' to describe women who are on the pill?


    For depl., mngmt. and updt. issues. Please join  , we are looking for the crutial things


 Jawaban benar: 101 dalmatians: escape from devil manor,  39/352229 poin


 bust nabs alleged mastermind of  cyber scam  instincts might take you in the opposite direction of you... More for Capricorn  Christmas me friendies       mis julle baie!! *


  I agree. And then you will have to play both episodes. :P


 "People like to follow people, not official accounts."


I can't get over how quick the  is. Loving it!


 [nkibr] (2008) Link Neal, p:science c:USA poin: 5


I've collected 16,692 gold coins!    


well this is doing stuff to my ovaries...  


 [santaig lla sddo] (1924) Jack McDonald, p:remake c:USA poin: 16


2 of 5 stars to Winter of the World by Ken Follett  Fruit bomb with a gun powder nose may be the one ;-)


dearest, I think it's safe to say that maybe, just maybe,
You are my wonderwall.


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 20.75C ac foris 3.69C vre esse.


 arrange holiday, its long :-) im off to bed. my eyes r closing, literally :-))))


Miluju komentatorku tipsport extraligy.Zive vstupy od baby o hokeji?Prineste prsten!


Language fact: The word "grina" means "laugh" in Scanian dialect but "cry" in Swedish.  new favorite: Catatonic Overload - The Sexual Thrill (Thera's Core Mix) by   on 


Swede David llstrom added to  offence    


Sell a brick so fast, float like a butterfly, sting like Ali!


The most  and abandoned places in the world.   Hand Painted Zodiac Sign, Medieval Symbol In Ink Drawing Style. Part Of A Set Ot 12....  I've never been there before... so I'm pretty excited!! Won't have enough time to see everything I want. 


 justin! you can not extend the fundraiser? 
love you!


Taz isn't feeling well tonight!          to the People! ISP price hikes &amp; government snooping result in spread of open mesh wireless networks in US" -  I guess its better than the pain But its nothing special, I can talk just fine. Annoying is to spit the blood all the time.


I liked a  video  Little girl's first steps on ice become Viral on Internet


Fri, 15 Nov 2013, let us all send Petula Clark the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (81)


Irina: can't make my mind up abt that one. it's like a cool costume. I like costumes. but is it "fashion now" enough? 


 nove swapovana oblast muze nabihat s LTE800, 900 muze nasadit v jiz hotove casti site a postupne ho upgradovat. 


My  novel printed for editing! 94 pages! D.S.   2013 advent calendar - Battle Droid  you see what goes on here in prag sean 5 MarcAndreGragnani 63 OndrejNemec sochi2014 33 Artyukhin    of the year 2013 Nr.1 BioShock Infinite [+ See'bestattungs DLC] Nr.2 Assassin's Creed (cont)  mylenka na vylepen Twitteru: "Instead of 140 characters, Tweets would be limited to your IQ number"  Sex, box a hlavika aneb Prasck souboj Maidana vs. Broner  there is also Blood+ third opening which is stunning  [issk ro lkli] (1918) Alfred Allen, p:fugitive c:USA poin: 12


 I agree!! Can't wait to see the  video tomoz, sooooo excited lol


 that sucks hun... really hope you'll be okay soon *hugs* xxx


Emily and Daniel! What a perfect couple!....OR NOT???;))   thing: The Cross Club Clockworks      


 King William was a sad, lonely and sick man by that time. Ale, cider, port etc. could not change that unfortunately...


Try &amp; do something nice....damned if you do, damned if you don't. 


Delayed Flight got gate changed by a single gate. I dont even need to move seats


 I check out good books when ppl recommend them, but I need to make it more of a habit.


 could you please merge even the graphics? I love the  illustrations...


Acabo de utilizar  para taguear It's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year de Johnny Mathis.  [oeesretncrcrfeannut] (2008) Rae C. Wright, p:therapist c:USA poin: 19


29  Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


 I had prety fantastic day, thanks. What aout you? Well I guess had to wait to tomorow :D


 [geerm] (2003) Dieema Foley Wheaton c:USA poin: 5


 student maced and arrested for protesting preacher on campus (VIDEO)
 [onkcuhwgac erethat] (1969) Bob Glaze, p:puppet c:USA poin: 18


Moje custom mikinka TG !     +    okay  we got it. Use condom to prevent STD and HIV transmission. Enough with this topic before it goes overboard.


 Thank you for your kind words. This too shall pass


 and i love sexy coreas names like kin ung ang 


Also great performance by Ricardo Cervera (Mercutio). And the speedy sword fights were truly impressive! 


Today stats: 4 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Oh Disappoints! I feel like you're someone who is really excited by McBusted


cc  I know you're not the best person in the world. That's why i love you. Cause you know for sure, that you ain't perfect


You can spend a lifetime, and, if you're honest with yourself, never once was your work perfect. -Charlton Heston


 [fnlig ni het ingr] (1955) Larry Fine, p:slapstick c:USA poin: 17


All I know is that I can't wait until tomorrow!! 


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  [het ndass fo eed] (1912) W. Chrystie Miller, p:1800s c:USA poin: 16


  brushes for oil painting with no running water .. is it possible?   


" I wish i can get text from you goodnight bye guys :)" goodnight


My pic with  She is sweetheart.  sign her because she has incredible voice:-)    Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 8C and a low of 1C.


 Ohhhhh, who lives in a pineapple under the sea. Spongebob squarepants


never the right bread, never the right peanut butter, never the right jam.


  da hell ms.stro , I didnt have that kind of little pressents when back when i was there!!!!  


 [oetbdch] (2007) Luke Hayden, p:hostage c:UK poin: 7


 focus a scroll to uz nejsou veci viewmodelu, ale jen view. Idealne poslat Message z ViewModelu a reagovat na ni ve View.


 [tmei miacnhe] (1985) Charlie O'Donnell, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 12


Will This Google+ Flaw Abruptly Shut Down Your YouTube Account?   Well apparently,I don't see future that clearly as you do.I will rather try to make things better than spread negativity


I added a video to a  playlist  Steam Autumn Sale: Daily Deals  November 29th 2013


Life is like a mirror, we get the top final results when we smile at it


Gosh, christmas time (even tho it's so early) is not good for a single, lonely guy


" I wanted to text you, but then I remembered we don't talk anymore."


I've harvested 1,037 of food!    


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 [rneelildac sinswg ti] (1943) Kenneth Brown, p:uso c:USA poin: 20


It's holiday and I have to work. I just want to drink glgi and watch war movies until I pass out.


 backpacking checklist for multiple seasons (infographic)  please retweet. thx


 oh I can speak fluently only Czech as it's my native language ^^


I added a video to a  playlist  Steam Autumn Sale: Flash Sales  November 30th


but since the two series have been marginally different from the beginning I don't worry (I would mind some more jokes in Luther tho)


 [aeftr tlsawolne] (1999) Anita Bryant, p:aids c:USA poin: 15


Hello Tweebas! I'm just passing by to say hi and wish you all the best for a new year! I'll be back in few days, looking forward to talk:)


I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Mobile Uploads"  FAIL!  Paris Hilton mistakes Martin Luther King for Nelson Mandela  ceeeee apollo!! (with Devy and Lauretha at Inul Vista Surabaya Town Square) [vid]   Yungin here like family.... We will always work together..UNENO!!!!  I'm sad about my code, there is an simple way to feel better. Take 5 minutes to browse Wordpress on Github and feel like a Pro!


 teh itneiderh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the inherited


oh, god.  RT  Abortion jokes aren't funny... cut it out.


Fotoserie: holdingontoyoufordearlife: Um. How dare you look the way you do.  your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.  show is gonna kill me &amp; so far it's only been Carr, Wifey &amp; Robster. oh dear. oh my.


Check out my  Twitter profile as an animated movie   ok new wallet  and bew keyboard  and i have some small prezzies at home too :-)


zajmav "First Trailer Arrives For Wally Pfister's New Sci-Fi Transcendence"  tak jugak. Few months after release. Baru dpt copy. Yela, cite berat camtu sape je nak tgk kat uitm.


It's perfectly natural to want to share your feelings today, e... More for Scorpio  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 your response shows that PTI is actually political wing of TTP


body language, growth, memories and family. these are all topics pertinent to the last few performances of november. don't miss them!


Just favorited "DJ Moneyshot (Ninja Tune / Solid Steel) - Live  H..." Cloudcast by Heducation on Mixcloud  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 967


 My only prediction for  is that I will procrastinate. Current activity demonstrates the veracity of this prediction &lt;this


Le FabShop Introduces A New, Seaweed Based 3D Printing Filament Material at The 3D Printshow in Pa...  


Zcela brilantn video z The Top Music Videos of 2013 by Pitchfork m na kont Shugo Tokumaru. favoritas de jb?  Todas XD okno As long as you love me, boyfriend, recovery, hold tight, all that mat...  k website cho cng ty  Doanh nghip. chi tit:  I am coming with my new work on 13th Dec! Sooooo looking forward to it! :-)


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


My week on twitter: 19 Mentions, 6.6K Mention Reach, 115 Replies, 14 Retweets, 7K Retweet Reach. via  remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 27


Thank god I have a back up plan at age 35  whew I was really concerned 


congrats to my lovely friend Holly Redman! Your GF paleo restaurant dream just became real! :D  collected 34,784 gold coins!    


More details about the  armed raid have been revealed... They were looking for a wanted  criminal   everytime I look at it weird things are happening to my soul and body


Handmade Ice pink and Carnelian framed glass earrings.   


    where u play sia? I want play. LOLOL the guy punch u AHAHAAAHAH


Very early breakfast! (Checked in at Spitfire Grill at the Microsoft Commons)  and consider the distances - tiny Czech rep from the other side of the World vs. almost neighboring (!!) behemoth China...


I'm invested in  (e)709JD on the Empire Avenue Social Market  


Omnia feat. Everything by Electricity - Bones:  pes  


I don't care about celebrating new year because Sherlock is tomorrow


 Is that the volcano the shut down European air traffic a few years back? ;-)


Are you looking for top-quality accomodation in Prague? Residence Brehova features - wonderfully spacious - one,...  TinyPress     with 10 different styles  via 


Photo: theworldcomesfallingdown: Is it a Tardis? :D  watching now the movie  with    


WATCH: Researchers at  develop a bizarre shape-shifting table surface that will blow your mind   


I wish you all a wonderful Christmas and a fab New Year :)


rights, environmental protection, civil rights, public health measures and more. Using big money, corporate clout and smooth (2/3)


BBC News - Swiss bosses on vote to decide executive pay limit  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


Noro sharing his story and the change in his life.   Plecharna  been over a year since I've had my ends clipped and two months since I've straightened my hair. I just feel so refresh! 


 My kitten senses are telling me Louie is a cat, amirite?


 follow the directions of the title of john legend song


First I thought it would be a great idea to draw me and my brother as a Christmas present. Now that I'm halfway through I wanna tear it up!


Guys, due to our studio being upgraded at the current moment, we wanna sell our Access Virus TI Desktop, any potential buyers here? :) PM !


Start your day counting your blessings. No need to wait until Thursday


The truth about web design:    


Native language support. We published a new translation tool for translators. No more YAML editing, no more Google translator.


 Reportedly Plans To Accept Bitcoin In 2014  via 


"It doesn't rain at all in California. Once a month a man drives through spraying Evian." -HL-       getting ready to party all nite in this magical city.we wish everyone a happy 2014.peace,love&amp;prosperity


Photoset: Flashback: malac burger, gogo-hami, hardcore techno forever. jpest.  News - Italy's Senate expels ex-PM Silvio Berlusconi  Jawaban benar: vem var dracula?,  16/348933 poin


EU
2013/12/10 15:23:31 UTC+9, 
Location 139km NE of Prague_CZ, 
ML3.5, TNT2.7, 
Depth 2.0km


 eyth hoots visad, to'nd ty?he tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: they shoot divas, don't they?


sending  my headcanon german accents/dialects for the whole snk cast. laughing at my weird voice.


AMAZING SPIDERMAN 2 trailer esk dabing:  na strnkach 


  No you're not!!! :) I wonder if the real Zac or his team is reading this lol :)))


Google Glass Upgrade Arrives Just in Time for New Year's  fact - the longest greek word cannot be tweeted. It's too long. Shorten your language, now! :) 


 yeah he slyfox WALAU WHY HE SO CREEPY LIKE THAT OMG. he get back to yunxiang after knowing she know changyu lor!!


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   28


Everyone can be perfect. Created by the light.
Kad me bt dokonal. Vytvoeno svtlem.
13/1/2007
  ha! so now when I'll go for my mum's gift I'll look for something for you too yaay :')


 Loved the book Gifted Hands! Can you please recommend another book to read? At least just as awesome one? Thanks! :-)))


You might grow increasingly anxious today as you temporarily l... More for Capricorn   Norman Love like you! His charm is a fun way admire you so much! I hope one day you learn it! 


yay Matt! let's see what mum thinks of Matt's Doc. she's seen him already but now she'll be able to compare. geronimooooo


Watching motivational locker room speeches after each section I read in my textbook,  got me fired up man! 


Hi Guys :) I'm sorry I haven't been here since Sunday but I'm having computer problems these days. I will try to fix it. :) 


I vote for Serena Williams as the  athlete in 2013. Who's your pick for the  Vote now!  Looking to 2016 Race, Speaks of a Real Opportunity for Me 


 hahah, thanks mate, lack of sleep does this to me :D


Hey  are you gonna make it to the stadium mate?


Martini's.. One sip and I'm sloshed... Seriously what is this stuff


 [tshuo rpak hef(:c nbiedh eth )unem] (1998) Fred Goss c:USA poin: 34


 with a face like that I'd only approach with a bullet proof vest!! bit smashed and ended up on the wrong train after....


My Top 3  Artists: Autechre (38), Boards of Canada (24) &amp; John Carpenter (17)  not believe that I met The 1975 in Prague!! What an amazing day!!! it was awesome :)   I should tweet in english sometimes on this account haha


Social interaction is bound to a lot of pain but so is being lonely what do


 hte nsi treea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the sin eater


I hope they clean it up before we get there :( Don't want to loose any more time :(   The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


" The BBC: making Doctor Who references whenever possible  live from Londo Eye right now!!!
  


  True, sounds like real fun and I hardly can wait to see all of you on the road again ...


Welp, I've just been delegated to telephone answering duty. Which means I'll probably sit at a desk all day and do almost nothing. Yay?


The best team in England vs the best team Germany. Quite a gulf...


            GMT (21:30 SE) - BBC One -   S03E02 -  The Sign of Three * 


Awesome night view from Old Town Hall Tower at Prague! Lively xmas market!     day on Copacabana and we managed to turn into Lobsters. 


I just liked "Girls without clothes - urban nudity" on Vimeo:  I misread Jelavic for Jovetic and it made sense :( 


 Well, maybe if you're not making them humanized and naked like me.


Camaraderie is still existing!    


Sudden "reboots" that take about 5 seconds. Apple logo, them back to business. WTF?! Oh iOS 7...


 [edepartse srhou] (1990) Michael Flynn, p:fbi c:USA poin: 15


Old Town Square- Prague   Mandarin Oriental, Prague  First Rebirth 4th Edition is almost there! Do you tweeps have your tickets?!       


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                           74


Check our new website and eshop for green pockets :)  the words in the  booklet made me almost cry, got so many goosebumps!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY! &lt;3


Not sure if I'm right, but I think that guy is singing Michael Jackson


 [enmey of het lwa] (1945) Jack Evans, p:map c:USA poin: 16


There are hundreds of Directioners and Beliebers in ma town, but all the GDs are living so fucking far away. Life's unfair.


"What Could Be the Next Job Titles in Social Media?"  we are celebrating a very special day in the Czech Republic  so called Three Kings Day. Three kings...  new favorite: Arapu - Untitled Mix 11 by Arapu  on 


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


  too difficult to get a player of our choice, let alone a CM. Need a stop-gap signing right away.


"Hairspray" is the first movie watched in 2014 and u remember why i loved it. Awesome musical movie


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 satl meeisrtsy fo het ctatnii tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: last mysteries of the titanic


amin makasih doanya :D RT Iyaa coyo kamu orang penting :p " males koyok wong penting ae disopo :p wkwk


the best thing to do when the weather outside gets colder and another week of school gets closer  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               230


 CJ Choudry got a small NOTE on a green Paper from a uniformed person during missing person trial, what was writen on that G?


    Dances with wolves  Royal Scots Dragoon Guards ... beautiful..  time! I'm watching  Join the conversation on   saja.. " If this was my bed, I'd never want to leave  with my sweet candies in Erlebin's Park         is the shirt dad said he was going to get Me   Winklevoss: Bitcoin Might Hit $40,000 Per Coin  stopmotion "An Instagram short film" na Vimeo    


 hahahaha you lost me at 'grow an Afro' I can't :'D


 Lync server enterprise edition, monitoring server   trying to like Hearts Strong as Horses but it just... doesn't suit me. It's no Babs Seed.


 Happy B-day, Louis!!!!!!  I love Ya soo much   please go to Czech Republic! ! :** xx


Accepting Applications: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 I should study but I'm watching your Live Lounge performance again and again, are you happy now?


Google acquires developer of military robots - Reuters  


  I'd take the kit lens too, more flexible and let's you do a bit more wider angle


and yes, he does look good, for any age, really.


Just got this CartoonGold sticker. Check out my 101 other stickers on   single during festive can either be a good thing, or a bad thing, make your pick


I know I know  I know... u anit really wat u say u is........


We organize  event to support  shell in Kutna Hora. Please, make a contribution!  was one of the better Thursday night football games ive seen


Asthma Tips &amp; Advice is now available on Amazon!     


"I don't know what  and  did on this bed, but it's just not the same." 


I'll buy a Toad level 3DS eShop game at a reasonable price.


 I would actually be devo if you didn't come jus sayin


 advance happy new year.. Ingat sa putukan este sa paputok pala..


Synesthetic Sensory Stimulation with Ryoichi Kurokawa  You are so much like Ariel the little mermaid :3


ano nebo ne? Ml bys slyet: Joey Badaas - Two Lips (prod. J Dilla)  pes 


It is likely your relationships have some level of tension to them...More  LOVE Scope here  hand in hand, have I lived to see the milk and honey land? Where hate's a dream and love forever stands


Just registered on Twitter. An epic feeling that I have one follower after unbelievable first ten minutes. 


In memory of Ernest Tidyman who was born on January 1st, 1928 and died on July 14th, 1984.


Buy cost efficient Instagram likes. Just click here  um flashback agora dos meninos no primeiro british awards deles


philip has spent like 20 minutes changing his twitter background now r u kidding me


Although I wanted Simi to win the 4hills at first, Diethart is perfect and absolutely deserves to win. Fingers crossed!  


 please follow me and  we love you so much. You are us energy to life !!


 Thanks. This really has been one of the best series of educational videos I've ever watched. Keep up the good work!


CES 2014: LG stellt SoundPlate LAB540W mit integriertem Blu-ray Disc Player vor  leader in  ' call me, demand 15m Rs. &amp; ask me to take down the red flag waving on my house  si  ve Fedore pri instalaci instaluje GlassFish, Jetty, Tomcat a JBoss? Trochu ty zavislosti nechapu...


i think i'll start tweeting my experience at colleges :DD this is what happens when u want water :D  thanks very much for following me ;) what a way to write my 100. tweet :D


Bravo Atletico.....now we have to win in Jablonec...


6 Key Questions to Ask before HR Outsourcing     08 Jan 2014, let us all send Gaby Hoffmann the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (32)


58 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


 yeah I was watching Stream and last thing you said you are getting lags.


The  wins 75% games head2head against the 


Beware BTC "banks"! RT  A Bitcoin 'Bank' Holding $4.1 million For 1,000 Customers Has Simply Vanished  spots water on 5 Jupiter-sized distant worlds
 have an obsession with  . Most beautiful girl ever to exist ever


Packed ( Akcent hotel)  and ready for one last debauch in Prague before the flight home. 


 Beauty functionality  I want to replace my phone   to  phone :-)


 The way this story resonates with Melancholy of Resistance is powerful. People need to pay attention to this. 


   IMO the best are monthly updates as a part of development schedule. Takes time but worth it.


Mum visits us today, can't wait to see her. She gets her new phone, plus we'll do some shopping with her. Good times


How to Draw a Gift Box (for Kids):  prostednictvm 


Cloud contact center solutions  in North America growing at 11.6 % a year according to Frost &amp; Sullivan  


Here we go again - our latest Prague TV Weekly online newsletter is out! Read, enjoy and have a great weekend...  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via   nigga. Shutup lol wyd tonight" I'm sincere but idk why wassup


The best   i've seen so far ;)   biggest fear is that eventually you will see me the way I see myself"


 ach tak, zacinam tomu rozumet... Ted jedeme na standup k cisticce, treba neco dostanem.


The world in a tiny christmas tree ball    Follow if you want, then I could write With you


wrap-up session. a lot of new questions were raised, hardly any questions given. which is great.


12  My favourite couple. RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


'tis Sunday, people. The Day of doing a whole lot of nothing


Vintage Maxi Dress Jody T of California 70's by prettyinprague  via 


Those missions were manned, mind you. These brave Kerbals may be stranded or made the mistake of jumping, but to me, they're heroes.


I need a cuddling session. Mmmk thanks in advance 


 wow bad luck :/ but he should come back tomorrow


"would you date a virgin?"
"yea but she wouldn't be a virgin for long" etaaa sasha


 it's still pretty long.. Like probably not long but the thing that you have to be at uni until 8pm :(


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


"Takhle to s tema party programatoru chodi - spousta tweetu a zadny lidi." at 


The heavy snowfall has turned much of  into a winter wonderland  Tan is no pantomime villain according to Malaysian experts | John Duerden  via 


" RT" Happybirthdayy   all the bestt, have a great year aheadd :3""


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 It just went to cinemas here last week, I'm going on a school trip to see it next friday


A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood


Ok two can play that game, I am gnna stare at her le nna....


Special Theo for you  my dear lovely Hurts sis &lt;3 good night and sweet dreams :-*  [ydwen w:u gioecmomhn rraowri] (2006) Charles Lum c:USA poin: 28


   Sang release, Lvl 5 summoner lvl ko. Pag lvl 26 ko, Instabuy with RP. IE,BT,Boots,PD,LW,GA = 1ST PENTAKILL &lt;3


Genetic memory is the kind of thing that keeps me up at night


"My friend went diving in Australia and caught this priceless photo."  a fine fresh selection of Czech beer    person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  If that call wasn't arranged, you sure got caught out by Danny *PMSL*


 LOL.  and  are on the photo as well. Spying   photographers. ;)


19  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


 I thought Scotland only gets hit with the severe weather today and tomorrow? You're simply too impatient, young man! ;D


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


 Jawaban benar: third degree burn,  17/368304 poin


 [...dg.aar.] (2003) Staas Yudenko, p:flirting c:USA poin: 10


We know you ain't getting bitches you too busy being one.


my daddy betta call me tonight with his bitch ass .


Whatever happens this 2014 I Don't knoe whether um coming or going


Ukraine gov is so keen to look up to Russia. Putin's influence is paramount.


so is that like a 19th century commune? or just a sect? 


Hilarious:   But if somebody gave me a blank map of the US, it would have been similar. Lol


 [eth syp who emac in mfor eth odlc] (1965) Walter Gotell, p:spy c:UK poin: 33


" Ladies; If your boyfriend is shorter than 5'5 he's not your man, he is your minion."


I just received a reward: Repairman    


Podvejete se na otitulkovan trailer filmu ZIMN PBH!

Ve filmu si zahraj: Russell Crowe, Colin Farrell,...  looking for a 50mm 1.8 fixed lens for a Canon Digital. Would anyone be willing to sell me theirs? Please send me a message!


I was deceived and betrayed - and on a grand scale. I was almost killed by such a malicious person -


Assasin's creed: black flag skull edition   The green hues make it appear haunting as if it can penetrate your soul.


 The  really is an amazing device. Look at my sunrise:  our sad sad fate....but hey maybe we'll be surprised sometime in the future when sm decides so??? ;^;


Is it safe to come out from behind the sofa yet??? The amount of Czech Swansea fans amaze me... Was told today " your team is facking sheet"


I've harvested 1,241 of food!    


 the moon buggy is still owned by US, you cannot move it without their consent (again, under existing law)


"  aww shucks, are you still working on your novel?" Not right now! What about ur da y??


How much  is too much? How much is enough? And who decides? Groneman (2000, p. 151)


  only good thing :-))) and that i love to do it :-)))


I: What do you mean I love you in English?
He: I love you. 
I: I love you too.


Greetings from Munich :-D good night  &amp;  lovers!  So in general...there are many things I could do better.


After accidentally ripping off finger nail,  remember not to rub lemon juice and chopped chilli into chicken meat 


Lot of gossips about Capuano. It's similar situation in Kladno. Just something is wrong and change can help. 


" the people who make lyric videos on youtube are the backbone of this nation"


There are some people you wanna just grab on the shoulders, and tell them that they are throwing their life away...


  This is the ONLY thing I ever did create (not online anymore) and I needed 3 hours xD   well...all I'm doing lately is giving myself a break :))))))


The best way how you can warm up on the first winter day is to try mulled wine. ;)  


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


A new favorite: KHWXTRA001 - SoloWG - W.H.Y. (Original Mix) by   on 


G+:    
THE OXFORD DICTIONARY just named "selfie" as Word Of The Year. Does that make our Vibe  better than beat the  Two SH goals, Grabner finally found his way to score. Only remark: we can't be 7 times SH. 


I'm way past my bedtime, feasting on pizza. I'm sure my new boss won't mind a lethargic secretary tomorrow on his first day .... :s


Sound of Dos 18 Cover... Listen:     Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jsd


(Cool) Shite on the Tube  Feedback Show by Joffre Street Productions  Merseyside derby. What a match.  I'm speechles.   Simon Mignolet once again absolutely brilliant for us.


I'm at Automyka Express Centrum ern Most -  (Prague, esk republika)  What's your present Ringtone? Tony Montana - aint worried bout nothing"TONY montana?r'u Fucking srx?


for the love of a daughter Demi Lovato  


Why Pep needs Lewandowski to make Bayern complete | FourFourTwo  via 


Reality isn't the way you wish things to be, nor the way they appear to be, but the way they actually are.


Flipped sunset today. Looks like a lake mirror        was at an all time low concert and it was great and..then i woke up


Prv jsem pes  otagoval(a) We Are The World od Usa For Africa.  feel my heart ache, but I've forgotten what that feeling means." Chuck     beautiful is about to happen. I can feel it.


 :-D ty bb im off to bed now :-D will have great dreams im sure :-D


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via   Actually this was resolved in the mean time. Thanks!


Raskolnikoff's WTF Daily is out!  Stories via   


Waiting for the  draw... I bet Barcelona will get Arsenal, such a nice tradition 


the president's father slept with the president's wife lol, DRAMA


By the way, have you read our  recent special issue on  as seen by        Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Wind Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               160


prave mi doslo proc se The Closer jmeuje The Closer. (jsem to ale hlupak)


Lb se mi video   Goodness Of The Devil - A Director: Milan Balek (Short film)


A "new word" from God still had to line up with the old Word.


Lb se mi video   Jethro Tull - The Story of The Hare Who Lost His Spectacles - Original 1973


Shades of Dignity: Afghan characters struggle for freedom, success and equality in new novel set in Asia and Canada.
 What the EU Can Do to Bring Ukrainians in From the Cold  [nr'lloi ihwt eht enins] (2006) Dizzee Rascal, p:corrupt c:UK poin: 22


I miss  All the time every day of my life I wish her health and want to meet her on Christmas together with 


Photoset: I feel like I only exist in half of your life..and that's not good enough for me.  there must be some store... I know there are rus speaking ppl in UK. hope ull be lucky, or u can visit Check rep instead lol


  condemns jail sentences for blogger   reporter    All the PlayStation 4 Hit Games in One Megatrailer  Hi Andy, do you have any invites left? (m at acler.cz)


5 Things SEO Writers Could Learn From PR | Chris Butterworth  8.7 km  with  "5x300m 4 x200m a 4x100m, to by slo... Intervaly..."


Photo: ilovecharts: Mars Olympus Mons 3 x Height of Mount Everest, by Laurine Moreau  day, new tweets, new stats. 2 followers, 1 unfollower. Via good old  |   must tackle the looming human 
 not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again."   - a man who changed history. 


Again thinking of why I'm so badly failing at everything I do at work even tho I don't even want to be so bad...


 [lleyfeim] (2008) Jill Hennessy, p:first-love c:USA poin: 8


 ate pakain po sa inyo please... Merry christmas :D


Big thanks to  for playing Sky Harbour &amp; Folding Your Universe last night In Prague Club Mecca  


 This should be resolved, sorry for the inconvenience.


Po tdnu zase vbh a parda. I just ran 7,69 km  a 5'40"/km pace with Nike+.  


 I said the same but I'm addicted to them &amp; tats . I want the bar in my ear


   had to try this hmmm.  Ski Areal Knick Vrch  The Ten Rules of a Zen Programmer:  1/2/7 jsou pro m, programtorm s otravnm egem bych naordinoval 4/10.


OF COURSE I'm fucking studying. what do you think I'm doing? STUDYING


" Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players."


i'm having trouble importing video from my iphone5 to iphoto.  any suggestions?


Audio: Listen/purchase: And Yet by Cold In Berlin Dobry jako parek! Black Sabbath a Electric Wizard delaji...  Can Have A  Life If You Follow These Rules  NOT stop in front of me in the hallway. You are not a pole. 


Secondhand smoke dangerous for asthmatics:    


 you can have another coffee, but the bug another life? ;) :D


Porket matheMARKtics na yun username ko magaling na sa math?? Asa naman oh.. Vovo nga ako dyan ihh..


Google Removes Vital Privacy Feature From Android, Claiming Its Release Was Accidental  via 


A new favorite: Headhunterz Ft. Krewella - United Kids Of The World Acoustic by MiriamJonker  on 


 2. that u r there and we can show our luv u to u send u Big hugs from Germany and Lots of Luv Good Night sweetheart :-)


Pretty please VOTE for Joseph Morgan   He is Fantastic!!!  have a decaf French vanilla ready for me once I get to the office!


Philip Dormer Stanhope~ Democracy means government by the uneducated while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.


I got the shotgun. You got the briefcase. All in the game right?


Performing with Justin Lavash, Osvobozen 19, Litomice. ptek 22.11.2013 od 19:00   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           669


bir savcnn uyumas nedir ya, oldu olacak yatak dek serin bari. irensiniz!


midnight walk with besty...talking bout life...MUSIC...future...amazing! // L O V E //


It's no better time than now...You gotta stay ready.


Dont worry too much about what others think of you. There's always people who want to see you fail simply because they never succeeded.


 is making my life a bit easier again (and again and again ...) :)



 do you know any news about a germany tour 2k14? ;)


 you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... please? +k


I knew youtbe is down even before I went on youtube. Thanks, twitter!


sayang saya hanya pada awak sorang yang mampu memiliki dan ikhlas dari saya yang selalu menyayangi dirimu


 leuhgrta tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: laughter


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 33


I just joined  Christmas Illuminated contest to win a Siberia V2 Frost Blue. You can too:   22 Nov 2013, let us all send Mark Ruffalo the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (46)


   Fall Out Boy ia so amazing, really hope you guys win this thing(:


 a grand total of 8 apps? boy you sure go all out :D


So I've made this a few weeks ago but I'm not sure of finishing it... It somehow looks good tho...  what a final of Breaking Bad!My life is so empty nowthey even named CZE.Not so cool that coz of meth empire though


 [erpo of ands] (1949) John Bromfield, p:desert c:USA poin: 12


ya.RT   yes or no lagi berusaha melupakan seseorang ?


My Queens . Thanks for getting the pic! RT " Rihanna &amp; Nicki Minaj.  crossed for today after school excited but nervous all at the same Time


"Sometimes you expect more from others because you know you would be willing to do that much and more for them."


lunch menu: 30.12.2013
Lettuce salad or soup
Roasted pork ribs  with horseradish and mustard  capek?._." Stalk mentionan Bisma-Dina yang dulu.. romantis banget, sosweet ah :3 *gaada maksud apa-apa, suer.*"


 already? Wasn't she marrying someone else just yesterday??????


enough of this  shit its not even entertaining no more zvanynya 


  hee hee, there should be millions of Shane's to make all Filaners happy lol 


 Well, I have the opposite problem. I would probably have a job now, if I wouldn't play video games. 


Lb se mi video   Sidney Crosby backhands a beauty past Lundqvist


Listening to lovecraftian carols and writing a murder mystery; just my kind of Christmas. Happy post-solstice everyone!


House at Stone Bell in  will have show of work by  28.3-3.8. Director set to open it in person: 


  We get along fine, I'm evil as well, you know.


Paling absurd pemain bas betot LOL " Iseng2 cek, ehhh ini cewe2 pada cantik tapi madesu semua.. [pic]   Jhene RT  Which celebrity do yall think got the best tasting pussy?" Kat Graham


 Kupujeme asu na Sushi, v Globusu 80,tat v JM 170.Skippy Peanut Butter v CandyStore 89,v JM 150.A lane za 99999 K/kg :)


 Have a nice day too. And thank you.
Stana Katic  


I'm watching Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 1x09 "Repairs"  


Vysoina Jihlava sacked coach Frantiek Komack (62) and replaced him by Petr Rada (55, ex-Teplice, Jablonec, national team and Slavia).


A bit late, but here is a recent video of local foliage and color from Petrin park and Mala Strana....  hide what makes you different, express yourself 


 Jawaban benar: ecw barely legal,  16/21624 poin


Cary Grant receives an honorary Oscar from Frank Sinatra  on TV saying he's followed United since 1955 and never seen it so bad.... Poor fella he must have been in a coma between 71-88


Raining in          no they were not, they were only a very little part of it. Put it another way - do you think you can claim ownership of moon?


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Microsofta  jeho anime fetish pro Singapur. Hmm, zajmav!   Am glad to hear that. Now you are officially unable to say that nobody cares about you. :)


  Thanks. MP will most likely come after tools and weapons.


First Report of Net Children Go Mobile is online available:    


first riding just on halfter.. so amazing feeling 


 pretty soon the afghans and the Jemen's will create their own drones and they will go after Obama


One of the weirdest promotions ever. Buy a coat and get a free 21-pack of beer.Tempting!    I hope you'll enjoy the concert a lot then! :) Do you live far from London? :(


Look at my horse ... my hotse is amazing ... dum di dum


Ljaji tries to look like Rossi with this new haircut isn't he?


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


Hng fun playing  for Android, why not joinor FREE?
 Cate Blanchett,Time MagazineJuly 29th, 2013, photographer Bill Henson  8 year old girl with leukemia from my hometown has been given less than 2 weeks to live. One of      we'll be expelled from tweebas bunch


Job Opportunity:? SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


30 beers behind so far with  at Prague Beer Museum     posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "tvrtek: ELEPHANT BEANBAGS, a -58%"  U.S. Has 5% Of the World's Population, and 45% Of the World's Super Rich Population  What a finish by Jarvis and Maiga, shame he didnt get his second when he hit the bar.


      pertlas (Fotka byla nahrna pes Instagram a oznaena tagem Semily)   and  "we invite [...] to join us at this free, english-speaking, half-day long international technical event."


  the inputs should be visible, I have no idea what to do or where to tap  Thats not a blow to England because the dont have quality players so you feel sorry for coach Arsene Wenger....LOL


We are happy to announce the lucky winner of our facebook sweepstake. Have fun Bedros Velchev from Bulgaria with...  handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


 enchanting view. Greets from germany. Do u want to marry me? ;-)


 happy christmas the sexiest man alive!!!! God bless you


Catching up on  Did you watch it?   rocnik festivalu  se rychle blizi!! Clashovat bude mj. Lady Saw vs Macka Diamond, vice   fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!   milotor_HD guter Junge alle blowncreep TV abbonieren voll geil


OMG there is so much Will and Grace on my dash during Christmas.


Polyglot Theatre helps traumatised children take control of lives through play, building town out of cardboard boxes  [rseetc nsis fo hte ftarhe] (1994) Robin Pearson Rose c:USA poin: 25


Patience on fire! O-M-G such baller second game against Innovation 


  Angela!!! Sally!!! Have you seen the amazon preview of sherlock???


The Caucus: Dispute Over Gay Marriage Erupts in Cheney Family 


A new favorite: N'to - Scar Tissue *FREE DOWNLOAD* by   on 


Marijuana Overdoses Kill 37 in Colorado On First Day of Legalization, Fire Rains from the Sky  made a movie of my  on   What's yours look like?  


I need somebody to cuddle... A boy would be good right now... LoNeLy...


 Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** 18


my dad made cookies filled with whiskey and it's ...ehkw no you don't wanna know how does it taste


Photo:  - Joy of Instagram On Web  on We Heart It...  at Roxet Music Club Skoenice (Skorenice u Chocne, Czech republic) w/ 2 others  want to win the  Holiday makeup giveaway!     you can support artists and label by buying their music


When your eyelashes fall off in your sleep. w MelvinGregg   // :D:D:D:D:D  Working !!!       I like the tiny blue link underneath that says "Collapse". Hope it's not a prophecy.


I may be on the side of angels but don't think for one second that I am one of them.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


 Jawaban benar: the saddle buster,  17/6846 poin


trocha toho pedvnonho optimismu: What Happened On Easter Island  A New (Even Scarier) Scenario  / via 


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 71


Hh Twitter doesn't know Czech Republic? He think I am in Germany... Lol


 nedle: Kotoura-san, Tamako Market, Oreshura, Cuticle Detective Inaba, Red Data Girl, GJ-Bu, Dansai Bunri no Crime Edge(cont)


It Came! Issue  on  Finally we come to this hilarious afternoon tea!  best apps to make and save you money -   


 Jawaban benar: dear beautiful,  14/22368 poin


 [unf in pcaulaco] (1963) Tom Hernndez c:USA poin: 15


Old Town Square, Prague.  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square     I don't even know how to get to such a number... Even my TF2 is only at 568 :/


31  Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Shingeki no Kyojin / Attack on Titan Soundtrack Mini Mix -


According to  no move for Salah imminent. I guess we'll wait until summer then, unless an other club moves for him.


Was out walking 5.81 km with  See it here:  agra q fui ver q two fingers up ta no 4shared auhauha


Dude just asked me would I suck my girls toes...I said yea nonchalantly and went back to work

He obviously don't know what if do for her 


new interview they look so cute  



Now there are three Finnish guys talking to me at the same time and I'm scared...


 Look at this! ;) When I saw it... I couldnt!  For example: Borat! :D :D :D


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Planet  Rose of Versailles Anime, Part 2, Disk 1 (English) and a Contest  And we love you! Stay safe out there. It's quite chilly.


 hte icypsch tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the psychic


Eindeutig nicht nur bei How i met your mother beliebt :D: DWO - Doctor Who Cast &amp; Crew '500 Miles':  via 


 Is there any list of PS+ games available for PS4 that I can play without buying any game in retail stores?


Namoral eu sirvo pra cantar em opera ohhhhhh ah ah ah ah uuuuuh yeah


 One Direction  TT musi by SPAM Hahahahahahaha spam dla Hazzy, Lou , Liama , Nialla and Zayna :D


Correction:  are you kidding me? No links in direct messages? 


 next generation dinner with Josip Kardun at Retail Strategy &amp; Trends  got this  sticker. Check out my other stickers on   


The Bungalow was great before, but now its even better!    


Jun. K pls, more than 3 buttons,, or if it tshirt rip it until under your belly.. pls i wanna see 


 yralle oeris tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: really rosie


Dah 3x penyanyi tu ulang santa claus comin town n jinggle bell rock. Jinggle bell juboq hang


Samsung Galaxy S4 a Note 3 dostanou Android 4.4 KitKat koncem ledna  voted for Castle for Best Procedural 2013 in    Ways Congress' Proposed Budget Could Affect You  &amp; Sierra Perform "Gravity" - THE X FACTOR USA 2013 I just love them   tweet very nice tweet. Very good i recommend to all peoples. End of messege in english languege. 


One of the Christmas presents from my beloved boyfriend. Is he suggesting something?!   Libun  CUP KIT SPECIAL:The strips your country will wear at Brazil 2014  via 


Thank You  even your Christmas gifts are stylish!   Love it!!!  Is it allowed to print the information about myself out and stick it to the backside of the postcard? 


IT'S SO FUCKING GOOD!!!!!!! Shout out to  for making the best Disney soundtrack since the Menken era!  of Robots Armed With Tasers Alex Jones' Infowars  Robots, drones arresting, killing people for world rulers


Thankyou yg lebih cans!kangen:* Happy birthday cewek centil pretty hihi God bless youu muah muah kiss kisss kangeeen 


EAD-Group at Future Symposium in Dresden - New Ideas for Saxony -   it's probably the ''Lordies'', so it's for the better lol


This is amazing! A Letter for Future Generations  via      


Recent Contemplation about the Divine Masculine  FIM Gala Ceremony, 1st December in Monaco - SAVE THE DATE!   My wish is the best weather,thats all.The individual results are not as important as our result in the 1st team competition.


 "The problem with quotes on the internet is that you never know if they're true." - Abraham Lincoln

;)


 you got a recipe for the filling ?? Looking for one :0)


Biel Malik 
Ricky Tomlinson 
Carlos Payne 
Gabriel Styles 
?????? Horan


13  Pls RT to vote for 
Castle 
Castle/Beckett  


If you want to thrash your wife, ask her for a drink of water in the sun. - Spanish Proverb


"It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air." :)  Jawaban benar: my mother, the spy,  18/316659 poin


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  two cameras like that as well :3 I hope you'll be somewhere near so you'll see a lot :3


Well, that was anti-climactic. Ran AK into AA. I dunno. Maybe  is right about this three-betting malarkey... 


 Reload - Vocal Version / Radio Edit by Sebastian Ingrosso on    just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               269


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 55 others  Son's love helps produce top wine: At a cooperage Daniel Schwarzenbach fell ...  ...to be continued!


I find equal joy in rare moments of doing "nothing" :) RT  It feels good to actually do something.


"And when we feel good our thinking is more creative and we have an easier time solving the problems we face."  


 Thanks for the great time in Germany! Hope you liked my Saftgoldbren in Berlin! Next time i bring more!  Thanks for the heads up! Numbers were outdated and have been updated.


Or this  or this  or this  or thiiis  ...


CD"  lebih sering? A.menghayal B.ngeflashback C.ngestalk D.ngetweet"


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Soultrain Weekender - Bday Special ;-)"  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 21.06C ac foris 2.94C vre esse.


It makes total sense to steal access card and then break the glass door. 


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


 business transition      Fights for His Freedom in 'Muppets Most Wanted'  completed the mission 38 OPERATION CRUSADER with three stars!   pronjem:  58333 K/ms.   


. PRESNE... jak tam ma Lyrik ty borovice, tak to uplne VIDIM. Hodne silny. 


 4,5 hours of sleep. why don't you rather kill me.


I've collected 27,574 gold coins!    


 very nice!   Frying coconut few min on nonstick pan brings flavour, but you might end up with yellow snow:)


$year = new Year('2014'); 
return $year-&gt;set( [ 'luck' =&gt; A_LOT, 'health' =&gt; BEST, 'love' =&gt; MUCH, 'fun' =&gt; 4692, 'sex' =&gt; INF ] );


 Jawaban benar: the return of the native,  24/369632 poin


Engadget: Samsung Galaxy NX review: an overpriced Android-powered mirrorless camera.  upravy me celou dobu spis s*aly, ale tuhle 'samoupravu' chvalim -- aneb review of 2013


 130 mph?? Did the driver think he was on a German Autobahn? *shakes head*


Good Morning sweethearts:) Vote for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


Fair : K 2013 | Client : Borealis AG, Borouge, Nova Chemicals:  via 


 same here, I couldn't believe my eyes but it was him and just aofiejsbx *_*


 love from the depths of the deepest house
   The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


 [an enivneg iwth nkiev msiht] (2002) Scott Mosier, p:cell-phone c:USA poin: 27


14  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


Trying again:  interested in presenting JSR-310 in JDK 1.8 to the Enterprise Java User Group Austria -  Sometime 2014?


 ebgpgeuhigayo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: heugpyobigaeg


 Interesting ^^ well, good night and see you in seven months :D


 Jawaban benar: al loves trees,  14/339783 poin


14:30 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/ST-080 (Na hrdku, 368m, 1pt) 24.9075 cw: Tnx Miro, 339 nr Montreal. 73's [VE2JFM]


Niggas will be cussing you and wishing they were you. Live your life the way you want to. Don't let these people outchea rule you!


 check ppl drink the biggest amount of beer in Europe 8-) rus ppl - the biggest amount of vodka, so dont drink with them lol


On December 8, 35 years ago a wonderful man was born. He is not only beautiful and gorgeous, he is  Thanks for the FAV! Really curious to read the book. Great Christmas present inspiration too.


V brance na CSKA dnes bude Atte Engren. Do sestavy se nevesel Pacovsky a Birner.  


Vung Tau, Vietnam is going to be the new Rio de Janeiro


I should get a big tattoo on my forearm that says "Don't eat Indian food". Otherwise I'll just never learn and keep getting sick


" "that moment when your crush likes you back..... oh wait that never happens""


Congratulations to my friend Sarah Greenwood for winning Best Production Design at the European Film Awards for "Anna Karenina" last night.


MARTIN ERVEK ODVOLN,po nastupu noveho ministra vnitra odstoupi i Lessy 


I found my saved game with Mane 6 and Spike! So awesome!


Im so sleepy orz wanted to take a nap before the ny party orz at our place orz but impossible w the fireworks orzzzzz


praise beto the mighty zoltan it was a pleasure to  go b2b with such a great dj &amp; thanks to all the stardancers   no question it was Frisco....until they ruined his character. 


  I was a Tiger Beat subscriber!!! Came in a brown wrapper ...today my daughter gets it in the mail.


Legendary SK Kontrafakt! a talentovan Laris... - TAXI feat. Laris Diam prod. Maiky Beatz:  via 


 What do you hate dealing with the most? If you don't mind my asking. "Uncooperative" idiots like him?


 For Son Make This Happen: LEGO WALL-E Created By Pixar Animator/Director Angus MacLane  i consider it to be huge too. But most are still too scared of being the butt of the joke and being the ones who buy above 1k


Lb se mi video   Ellie Goulding - I Know You Care


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 21 others  about the  &amp;  department in almost every second    I just wish I had a Christmas gift this year


 You guys killed it !!! Thank you for an awesome gig !!!


" I sing better than a lot of these r&amp;b niggas out" I'm sick out here lmfao


Vlen po uen                what are you saying then if u care to explain?


Digitizer Education | Part 4: Size and Stability of Objects  


  Pharrell Williams presents the world's first 24 hour music video


"You can watch porn on PS4" Games and porn, that's all i need.


 So I am the last one to ever touch you XD 


I'll end up like the car if I go out. so I remain on my bed. lol  schnitzels for few days lol mum usually do it from 3 kinds of meat and usually like 40-50 pieces lol (100-200grams each)


I liked a  video  Ariana Grande Gets Flash'd by Todrick Hall Episode 1


just put Cyanogenmod Android 4.3 on my S2, because stock was crashing several times per day (Sleep of Death).


REVIEW: Holy Frigging Matrimony (Tangled  by     Jawaban benar: the cutting room,  16/361251 poin


A new favorite: Audra Mae - Forever young ( Young SissCok Remix ) by SissCok  on 


 [hte guermg] (1958) Dolores Sutton, p:police c:USA poin: 10


Tue, 31 Dec 2013, let us all send James Remar the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (60)


lol what if u just send 38390 of those emails is that considered as cheating


AINDA TO RINDO DAQUELA FOTO DA KRISTEN, TA TIPO ''FODA-SE TODO MUNDO''    Demi Lovato  


PRG -&gt; AMS -&gt; NYC ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 20 others)  Thinking Gang Signs: Venn Vipers, Two-By-Two Boys, Maslows Disciples   lol xD I don't know about much yet I need to find out more. At the times I begin in being a fan of some artist I feel a bit


Todays Christmas calendar special from  zhe  catsuit Candy Nurse wit   Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


     saw some but wait till have whole set to watch really :-))))


Please call on for denny and eiko with supertalent this evening!


I've harvested 168 of food!    


 Haven't tried myself but I heard you can use the OEM preinstall key for Win8.1 clean install and activate with your Win8 key


how i went from big, creative idea, to fully fledged + funded art project + how to do the same!  w my new numbee .. buat mase skng yg tau numbe aku fairuz , dia and lia je . Yg lain later eh .


This youth based artists residency needs your support! Spread the word and win a Caribbean vacation!   is now more important than efficiency. Dan Ariely: What makes us feel good about our work?  


I've collected 23,800 gold coins!    


 it ain't even my party it's them polo team niggas party


 [afu asi lenu kku] (1992) Anthony Wong Yiu-Ming, p:china c:Hong Kong poin: 16


Girl on tram is holding pizza box like a suitcase. Girl you ruining everything.


Google Makes Webmaster Wait Between Reconsideration Request Submissions  goodnight. I'll listen to Doomsday before total death


Last.fm is losing millions! The shake the moneymaker thing is history! Spotify and Co,. have to work hard. It's good for the...


 Playmates         


Hahahaha, I'm dead! Brilliant! 22 Jump Street (Jenko's Epic Split):  via 


 for  should require some equivalent of a  for programming.


Where are beautiful Tiffany Jerseys?There,67% Off,Free Shipping-- tired , guys... Need some sleep, and that feeling that tomorrow you're gonna be outside half day!!! Sooo Angry.. :XXX


Everything is not gold that one sees shining. [Fr., Que tout n'est pas or c'on voit luire.] - Freire Denise Cordelier


one person followed me // automatically checked by  Unauthorized Rules Of How To Dress At Goldman Sachs  play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 43:  via 


"Internet Censors Came For TorrentFreak &amp; Now I'm Really Mad | TorrentFreak"  with a hot needle, press it several times on pick and you'll have a hole :)be careful not to burn fingers tho, I know I did :))


A few Thanksgiving leftover recipe ideas, for those feeling like more than microwaving:  corrections house a do konce roku dovolenou, tomu rikam plan.


Now Hiring: Development Manager - Team of 7 - Java technologies in Prague, Czech Republic  


I was broke down bad fa the longest , had to thank my God on da way up ..


Merry Chrismas!!           since there's a known vulnerability in RSA technology how will you handle that? Will you remove RSA features?


 [nenefidgd uroy lefi] (1991) Meryl Streep, p:afterlife c:USA poin: 19


    

 me kno what u think about tha track final copy released soon


Coffeehouse culture in  with the Spanish ... Mjam mjam ;)  stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  Tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late." - Benjamin Franklin


Can't funk of sleepx me with all dis work infront of me


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


I crushed a 6.8 km run with a pace of 5'1" with Nike+ iPod.    has officially started down here in the Czech Rep. Looks so Christmas-yyyyy, doesn't it? ^.^  mano del break y up a 47k. Or J6s en mp y call de mp1 fish. Flop AJd8d, hago bet y me raisea x2,4. No cuadra y call turn 7. C-C


...there's so much old TV &amp; film available on Youtube etc. I've become quite spoilt, I'm afraid. :)


10 hours of `Kate Upton Bouncing Boobs`:  
Fapin' maraton


Seth Aaron: love the look, not so sure abt the scarf &amp; hate the earrings. 


About to play salad bowl with the family which means Thunderdome rules apply. 7 ppl in, only one out.


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 100


Please Woodward, get world-class players at Old Trafford. If we continue with this kind of play, we may end up losing Rooney and RVP.


 yep, among the first ones to contaminate the river ;)


 One of a million reasons to love this city :) 


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   57


 hi, in Dungeon Hunter 4 for WP i cannot merge two ident. charms of heart lvl.4, thanks  framed  Glass beads earrings.   


 Get well soon &lt;3 And Is there a possiblity to play with you? :3


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  I don't know but I find it extremely cute.. squishy Soo sobs ;3;


  - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   Very good choice,my favourite play by Mr.Shakespeare is King LEAR.Great experience-enjoy.


 [heabitzle of dadelaym] (1948) Isabel Jeans c:UK poin: 21


I just added "Bestial Wolf | New Fork Promo" to HD Extreme Sports:  train is surprisingly empty today. Good thing.  


That's beautiful tool to create awesome graphics :-)   


During the Christmas season: I LOVE spending all my money!!!


 damn that would be crazy. Immediate reincarnation.


iPhones the Devil look RT  Debunking the mystery of Siri and the Gates of Hell  interesting - Study maps human emotions onto a 'Body Atlas'
 


 [a ameg fo tadhe] (1945) Victor Romito, p:hunting c:USA poin: 15


I've got some 200 pull-ups from early morning lets call it warm up.. welcome to the tabata world


I favorited a  video  London Fireworks 2014 - New Year's Eve Fireworks - BBC One


Excellent. Bernie Sanders Open To 2016 Presidential Run  pro America truth peace justice platform. winner take all wro


 Zinger wings though. If you dislike those there's something seriously wrong with you and you should have it checked out :/


 [ccomis atiribnna] (2007) Steve Bell, p:comic c:UK poin: 16


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  The Shadows - Instrumental Show


 ichokwadii some of those pple shld not be there shuwa MOF who makes those nominations anyway, ende artwork yacho amaiiiwe hazvite


"  follow me please, i love you so much   x64"


I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know that if I had the chance, I wouldnt do it.


Why not to choose the xmas presents based on popularity on social? Top 10 Gadgets This Christmas  via 


What do you think of my latest Styling Studio, "Katty Perry"?  celebrity big brother whilst living abroad 


In memory of Redd Foxx who was born on December 9th, 1922 and died on October 11th, 1991.


 I can imagine hun.. Hope my flight isn't canceled and I get the hug!!


For whatever reason my mother asked me if kins has a boyfriend, probably while in thought about me "not having one". Hah.


 I just wanted you to know, that baby you the best (;


I've collected 10,262 gold coins!    


IK tweeting tht he attended Disabled event BUT at the same time he justifies TTP acts which banned polio vaccination 2 produce more Disables


I decided to listen to some 1D songs so I could say I heard them.


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x4


 Thais Fine because u have an Code that doesnt work, please help


Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength. (Corrie Ten Boom)


Heeeeeeeelang, special constables' pay being halved, the hell!?


Check out new work on my  portfolio: "VERNISAGE"  my first cross stitch pillow I made that with 20 years :)


Kad sen se nco dozvm-  Huh. I did not know that you can hold Option/Alt to make a Quick Look window zoom to actual size.


Tak tohle je super, jedu autobusem Prahou a 20Mbit na  uplne v pohode!!!  please i need you to follow me is my dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


 and we can't wait, because your music is always great!


Ada bedtime story la malam ni. Ada manusia cerita pasal kucing dia. Hahahaha


My Top 3  Artists: Terror (28), Kvelertak (18) &amp; Dead Pope's Company (14)  Sound of Dos  by   on 


Picasso Czech Glass Beads Round Brown by CzechBeadsExclusive  


Where the finger of the cameraman which was captured intentionally is forgiven.     como visto Friends (1994) - 1x12 - The One With The Dozen Lasagnas  


 You can also install  into some local Git repository and sync it with remote SVN server,  a good Wednesday's afternoon with Theo and good cup of coffee &lt;3 my    set goo w weeknd zawody :D ( Parkovit Horn Mseky)  tinham que ver Celso cantando vegetais na web ontem


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba My student life in Gent, BE  it's meant to be, it will be. So stop being paranoid and worrying too much Sha.


 When your dad calls your sister a douche&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lolz


You get what you work for, not what you wish for.


Absolutely terrified by the italian middle opinion towards gay and transexual people.Freedom 2 be who u are is a right.  I'm on ur side


 You stop blushing, or I'll tell everyone that you are an avid fan of Justin BEAVER. ;)


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Johannes Rydzek just beaten in the final stretch  Higgs: I wouldn't be productive enough for today's academic system      Rap Genius vs. Google  Learnings aus einer Google-Penalty     Years Of IANcredibility  Proud to be a   dude welcome to the marketplace, capitalism is only the most efficient option- and not necessarily the brightest on either end


Tagged the  today   Lennonova ze  | John Lennon Wall  banget ama suara doi sumpah sayang aja :( miss you


Aunt now rocks a new Lumia 520, all set up by me.. I'm sure she figures it out just as quick as my mum


My first OTA iOS (7.0.4) update just begun And yes  the link to KB article is selectable, copiable and yet not clickable


 Don't know yet. Still have to search for something.


Clever British Airways Billboard Tracks Airplanes as They Fly Overhead  Why this software again? There is no other way?


Added a new video: "Michael Burian &amp; Jean Luc - You Don't Know (OFFICIAL VIDEO)"  


 [sree'h lokigno ta ,oyu rrawne sob.r] (1991) Bette Davis, p:hollywood c:USA poin: 35


Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela dies. We convey our heartfelt condolences to his closest family and friends. 


 Oh, come on. That was the best post-fight interview ever!.... And at least he didn't propose in the octagon or anything ;)


 Oh my Gold... Perfect video is perfect &lt;/3... Thanks for the link!


Some People Believe Rob Ford Won TIME's Person of the Year  can't quite (perumpumpumpum) put my finger on it (perumpumpumpum) but something really bugs me (perumpumpumpum)...  Pics of  boarding a Privat Jet from Van Nuys Airport (CA) -12/09/13  can pass alllllll the laws they want to...I TRUST GOD...Period!


 sleep bjorn sleep.. I cannot f*** sleep this night !!!


so now my dad wrote me that she's still at the fuckin celebration and that she's going to leave soon


 awww they r cuuute :D
But no dogs could be more weirs than my 3 babys! Haha ;) u have to see them in winter :'D LoL


Sport cafe: Eksperci o Stelmecie w Eurolidze; R.Jagieowicz  MOSiR 2013/14  collected 13,284 gold coins!    


 all of us such a great interactive help. i learn a lot and ur seriously hilariously funny at the same time :-)


I just voted for Ted/Marshall/Barney   Retweet to vote  via 


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 39


 yep, I will be there from saturday to saturday, this is sure.


Noww what's allll that mess people was talking??? Yea yea      shit forgot about posting that here, well as you could see, I do not upload duplicates :P well, almost...


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 56


8. Estigma - Nymeria (Mike van Fabio &amp; Araya Remix) [Diverted Music]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance Sessions EP....  who likes cheap  ?20kc beer til 8:30&amp;10 shots  300kc all nite long +     


You're a star, a hero, a legend. Please fight Michael, you've been my hero since my childhood, I grew up to be...  at Rokytnice Nad Jizerou - Horni Domky (Rokytnice nad Jizerou, Czech Republic)  think that nothing exist but altruism. (And that egoism is just a form of altruism.)


Achievement unlocked: find a free toilet after midnight in an unknown Czech city 


Vintage 80's White Pleated Tux Shirt Risky by prettyinprague  via 


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               276


'Lauren Aquilina-Fools' my favorite artist. For now.


Riot stop it! I'm trying to leave! I only got 14 minutes before my flight leaves!


The internet is so calm now, just like any other day. It's the calm before the storm. THE ONCOMING STORM. 


IPhone 5c kupuju hlavne"switchery" z Androidu. Apples iPhone 5c May Have Found Its Core Market  liked a  video  DEPECHE MODE IN THE MIX (((((The best electro DMegamix tribute))))) DJ HOKKAIDO


I wonder why we r into trending cheap things but then that's probably a true reflection of us!


Moto G: 720p display for that price is amazing. Question will be: How will it perform, fluidity and battery will be the breaking points.


Love you and everything about YOU! To hell with everyone else's opinion!    Top 3  Artists: Team Rockit (44), James Ferraro (12) &amp; SHXCXCHCXSH (5)  well i hope you know you ruined my inner monolouge so if you'll excuse me!!!!!!!! im going to read the dictionary as of now!!!!


This year I will get  &amp;  twitter &amp; IG follow!


8 Surprising Ways  Affects and Benefits our  - The Buffer Blog  [het tuc sup] (1966) Brion Gysin, p:montage c:UK poin: 11


MODELS! A fantastic opportunity to travel and work in EGYPT!: Seeking an experienced female model with a...  new favorite: Memoria Podcast  DUBFOUND by   on 


 all kinds. My outfit tonight alone is trouble on it's own . You know meeeeee and my shenanigans 


    ... ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 36 others)  printer could make 150 prosthetic eyes in an hour  


Yes yes  I can't wait to see the viper  and punt big show skull so badly


"maybe it's not my weekend, but it's gonna be my year" get ready, dear 2014


I liked a  video  What's in my purse??? 2014  + Win my purse essentials!


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs!   u


A je to tu:) Google acquires Boston Dynamics, the robot builder behind Big Dog and Cheetah  You've gone soft on people, Old Nick! :D (not in the filthy sense) And I thought you got annoyed by people ... ;-&gt;


Saturday was spent making tamales with my family and my honey- then shopping with him and my cousin-then ended with hookah with his cousins.


 I'm playing in World Championship 19088 on  Come and join me  definitely, if you'll keep tweeting me imagines about Matt :) &lt;3


My Top 3  Artists: CHVRCHES (19), Foo Fighters (13) &amp; LCD Soundsystem (10)   Well, plov is Central Asian. We have it here in local Uzbek and Afghan restaurants.


magazine print ad

rider: Elena Koenz
photo: 
location: Livigno / Italy
board:   having that feeling of knowing there's absolutely nothing you can do to help


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  hoping to win a Personalised Santa Sack from  in    TERMS:  explosion follows North Dakota train derailment, collision
 ain't nothing but a word ... Name . Place.  Time . Let me know shorty !!!!!!!!!!!


There are two things you should never waste your time on: things that dont matter and people that think you dont matter.


  don't bother-chantal left me outside to die


  You cannot know a city well after only one visit! Old Town Squ. is a great place to stay. My favorite square in the world.


Angry scientist finds an uneducated internet comment and delivers an epic response...  I have nothnig to do with 2K Games anymore, so I dont have clue about their plans. This is my baby now:  most stylish hostel I have ever been! (at   mag 'Andrea Berg  Atlantis (Deluxe Edition)' auf Spotify  morning twitter world! I'm still stoked about reaching  for  Now I know I can achieve anything. D.S.


16  A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  RAMATAM  LP  same 1972  Can't sit still


Really powerful writing from Petra Katarina Antevasin today on the plight of Syrian refugees in her native Lebanon:  I've made some predictions too for 2014 from dev perspective about WP8.x, Windows 8.1+ and Xbox One app:  picked up and played 140. Amazing game,   [aligrfude] (1976) Marc Winters, p:porsche c:USA poin: 9


Wars are not fought to decide who is right.. Only who is left.


 happy Christmas to my favourite biking gang. Have good'n &amp; all the best for 2014. Can't wait it hit the trails soon x


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Take a ride with  Get gifts and enjoy fireworks and old trains!  morning. I hope you're feeling rested, lots to do today... D.S.


Love your enemies and pray for your persecutors Mt 5:44


 If i wouldn't be against changing the normal flow of my mind,I would go for it. It's better to read till i fall into sleep x


 Jawaban benar: into the blue,  13/1284 poin  1/344321 poin


Handmade framed Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         200


Just go right to the pound/ And find yourself a hound/ And make that doggie proud/ 'cause that's what it's all about.  I wasn't everything that you think I am, everything that I think I am, would you still want to help me?


As we celebrate this Christmas let us not take Christ out of it. Christ can never be substituted or equalled to X. It is Christmas not Xmas.


for last few months I got more and more skilled in  now I see how geniuse  is. Easier to manage but harder to learn


I liked a  video from   [FACECAM] Let's Play: OUTLAST  [Horror/HD]


Zuckerberg Selling $2.3 Billion Worth of Facebook Stock to Pay Taxes  to rindo demais com esse vdeo do Diego ahsuhaushauhsuahushauhsuahsuh


honestly how can anyone be so bloody useless? 


  Oh how I wish for it to be available in the Europe (Czech Republic)! Totally wanna buy gadget!


4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  and boats and waterfalls, alleyways and pay phone calls


So, it is HDD. SMART failures again - only 3 months after replacing the previous one :(


 don't think this case can happen. You can't turn off UI, and you have to care about failure of bgtask/UI (deadlock). (1/2)


 [drak dngear] (1999) Mia Smiles, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 11


 I am going to Bologna, Ferrara, Ravenna, Modena and Cento this yr but wish I could go to Matera, too. Sounds fabulous.


devfest.cz: This application is temporarily over its serving quota. Please try again later. 


My week on twitter: 2 New Followers, 20 Replies. via  I too am feeling rather shifty at work today...


I unlocked 5 Steam achievements in BioShock Infinite!  Up 'America' In Pakistan's Tribal Areas  by  
 efocfe etad tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: coffee date


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  Black Water on my iPad. Love this game! Check it out!   people followed me // automatically checked by   office is in Top 25 Most Popular Offices of 2013  he's all wrapped up &gt;&lt; so tiny and cute omg" just the way i lub him ;;^;;


The Staggering Implications of Afinias Countersuit  


 Will your future games like ME, etc... come on both consoles same or are there gonna be any preferences?


 Dear Duck Dynasty Fans: You Do Know Its All Fake, Right?  they don't. 


Tak Katpiss Neverclean nezklamala! Je to dobryyyy :)   


I know the  have the talent to win tonight. I hope they execute as well. Go Chiefs! Would've loved to be there today. 


Na Twitteru jsem cca 3x vice nez na FB. A myslim, ze po update appky to bude jeste mnohem vice.


Christmas brings little hope for  Christians
 exolaypairing-otp: when the quiet Yixing outwitted the sassy Baekhyun  this hell of a season
Give me more of a reason
To be with you
Be with you, oh


 I know, I'm just too lazy to look for colleges and prepare for it at all. And how I know my parents, I won't even live where i do


 Sir, is there gonna be The Co-optional podcast tonight? Thank you


Soap Kills - Tango (trip hop):  mehr ber  /  / via 


2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  listening to the preview (prehear?) of the sherlock s3 soundtrack - and feeling very worried about all the sad tunes ...


I have Pig Farm on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Your thoughts on the Little Drummer Boy Challenge?  Am still trying to think of an inspirational quote but ... nope, there is none. Good morning! ;)


 Love you Pentatonix!! Greetings from Czech Republic (: see ya in Prague!


Arslan  yeen  Hep bana ilk ve gzel haberleri o verir..Bu sabah yine beni face-time arayarak umutlu bir gne uyandrd


 Ever saw a tutorial for that? It's not worth that fucking effort you need to take into it and the result is shitty anyway...


 i could not forget :-))))))) hope u had calm and easy holiday (for a busy mom i mean) :-)


YOUR BRO IN YR TWITCON IZ SO ADORABLE I just noticed it sigh so cute nak pinjam 


hahah setengah layan bola, setengah layan PISA. penuh TL dgn 2 cerita ni. hoho -.-


 bc i know i can't see u thus year or celebrate christmas with u
I'll ask if u want to follow me to make my christmas special! xx


"Vobcas je chvile, kdy vsichni potrebujeme porno." 
by  
    


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 better than always!! Very much so :) i partied almost everyday you?


how do you define lying? - reclining your body... in a horizontal position? :D 


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 28 DEC, Song  LONNIE BROOKS LP Hot shot 1983  Don't take advantage of me


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


 dame oscarovy fotosut nambr tu na nymfomance II. :*


 Jawaban benar: alan davies: live at the lyric,  30/329100 poin  1/7532 poin


Check out this awesome site: Coin Ad -   


Enterprise Java is not what Alan Kay had in mind  //via 


ive thought i might see niall kissing some girl but NO NIALL KISSES HIMSELF!!! AND I JUST OMG NIALL.........


 omg mo that's amazing i'm falling in love and btw we have many crushes in common ahahaha


Lao Tzu~ Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength loving someone deeply gives you courage.


 can you dm me 1 of the dsn codes of gta5 online??


37  So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


More limited  liveblog today as protesters settle in  should do the same.
(also according to my phone shipping is something I say way more than shopping and it wants to correct me)


Oznail(-a) som video    Gone Home - [Slovensk letsplay] - Part.2  ako Pi sa mi


39  Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


 anything wechat . takde ah , dia dh balik dh pun . Esok jumpa lagi........


              bathed in a sunset.. did I mention I am in love with this city? Best last minute holiday  yay!!! Ronak is reading your tweets and laughing :D


 I know that is better to have one or two really good friends than a lot of them... What do you wish?


The holidays are upon us!  I feel lucky to say that my first Christmas markets were the oldest   pheww what amounth u think? i like the 899 one, very similar to mine, but a little better :-)


 ah it's always sad when you have to say bye to shoes you really liked and you have to throw them away TT


 I think the first presentation after lunch from FDA will tell us a lot about the possible trial design, at least I hope :-)


Photo: You can taste the delicious :-D Man schmeckt die lecker :-D  probably be something like "enjoy your pain, fuckers!" ;)


  My u odpotvme:-D:-*...I can not wait.Twitcams with you are always the BEST:)&lt;3


Great review for  - 'We thought this was OK compared to other Lime and Tonics we ...' -  Jawaban benar: murder, she wrote: a story to die for,  37/319201 poin


Afghanistans Human Rights Commission (AIHRC) says more  4,154 cases of violence against women have been reported in last six months.


What the ?! Tab 2 hilang. omygosh :/ dok charge elok jaa semalam. mcm mna boleh hilang. xleh la bwa p reunion stg


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 cant wait to open every day a new door hahahha :D


Header animation [GIF] by  for  on   e:ohnlrbrwo tinouteirbr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hornblower: retribution


 Remember pat, Facebook knows you better than you know yourself. Think of the newsfeed change.  


Just favorited "Electric Indigo - Houztekk Podcast  - August 2013" Cloudcast by  on Mixcloud  seriously need a better camera for catching the beauty od Prague  Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               68


Followers - 2, Unfollowers - 6. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  ufnin'fs esibmoz tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: snuffin' zombies


 [eth lod nos] (2007) Jamie Lane, p:dying c:USA poin: 11


 Oh, I forgot you might not get my fake bad mood. Sorry.


 greuo adrrte tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rogue trader


Millions Gaining Health Coverage Under Democratic New Law  


To co - w rod na meczu z  standing ovation dla tego Pana? :) fot.   now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Battlefield 3 on Raptr!  wishes Patriarch Kirill a happy birthday, a long life, and a swift conversion.  I guess I'll just make it explicit because I cannot brain anymore.


New favorite for this TV season -  Great role for Karl Urban


France is nt a team 4 the quarter finals back der in  


I've collected 70,465 gold coins!    


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 12


 do you have Snow we have nothing and + 6,9 degrees today


 [ileyd ot teh higtn] (1956) Diana Dors, p:murder c:UK poin: 18


We're looking for a property manager in Brno. Starting salary 16,000 to 18,000 CZK/month + bonus. Contact me for more info.


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Who has $500 so I can meet and great 2chainz, I'm being serious here!


 her life is alr good lor dk whats wrong w her -.- she earn 3k/month leh plus got a good husband she dk how appreciate. meh


Last sights of pretty Prague buildings, on the way to the airport.  Hlavn ndra (tram)  kissmyass , russian cousine, adopted family,another adopted family,pingu,redbul vodka...


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.56C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 5.75C vre esse.


 Police / emergency services cracking jokes to their colleagues at the scene of an accident "know their audience", so-to-speak.


I know that one person that unfollowed me today thanks to  thank you, and thank you! I really appreciate it


Official plans to preserve and protect the Irish language have gotten under way.  


 [het srpo nad oscn fo hragnbtei] (2006) Jody McArthur, p:shootout c:USA poin: 30


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.94C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 6.56C vre esse.


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Jiri Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via  


 Watch here the complete Team Movie.

Have fun. We wish you all a happy merry christmas. Enjoy the free...  lafyuuu:* RT  Quality time w/ para jamet    thx guys buat 1hari penuh!so happy!!!!:*


Ole Marius  My best result so far is maybe the 10th place in  in    


"I'm not a shpaholic, I'm helpin' the economy."  This is the good one.


 I was so sorry to hear about 'Uncle Phil' it's a shame.


 They MIGHT be repeating it on BBC2 this morning and put it up on the iPlayer afterwards. Hopefully.


 &gt;Lilith Grin&lt; and &gt;Raven Creepy&lt; in action! Luv yaa!! &lt;33  texted me: "your adorable." 
I replied: "no, YOU'RE adorable." 
Now she likes me
All i did was point out her typo  totally Clint


I hit my bruthaz up they holdin it down with wolf in   mine now lol


Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers via  everyone tell  that hes not good for a animal ..pleas  take away that cute dog from him before its to late ...


someone can please help me with zayn follow i can dm you to ashton irwin PLEASE THATS REALLY IMPORTANT TO MEEEEEEEE RT ME OR IDK


  Hey fuck you, ich bin komisch und creepy aber so komisch und creepy wie du gerade ist mir zu komisch und creepy.


5 Facts About Thanksgiving Food That Will Make You Barf  my boyfriend for being himself  ... Love him so so so much!!!


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  new credit card came in yay! And the security code is just like my birthday 527     iPhone 5s!


Only Lovers Left Alive auf Cinestar.de    Finally I found a cinema next to me which show my fav. movie.


10  Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


well  is not coming to Prague...ok...but I'm still gonna see them in Piestany or in Vienna...haven't decided yet :)))


 I shouldn't have smile that much.. if I didn't it wouldn't be so visible but well nevermind ;; ^^


As soon as I get out of praccy Britt and I just text each other and shit on everyone 


The most elaborate cathedral I have ever seen!  Katedrla sv. Vta | Saint Vitus' Cathedral  " I hate when teachers say..   for some reason I think of you bahahahahme


,,If one day the speed kills me, do not cry, because I was smiling!!! Paul  


 Jawaban benar: south sea woman,  15/346301 poin


Wed, 20 Nov 2013, let us all send Aaron Yan the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (28)


 be nice to them ... their first priority now (understandingly) is not beauty of design but finally finding some source of income.


Got your ticket yet?? "Pink In December"  via 


30% Gym, 70% Healthy eating, abs are made in the kitchen, not the gym.


 i am a vteiufig mrof a nciah ngag tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: i am a fugitive from a chain gang


I had a dream that I'm getting dirty texts from two people I follow. Including one VA. :D


Having fun with  for iPad! Join me now for FREE!  at the bright side Celtics fans you have two first round picks in the draft most scouts are saying will be the best since '03


 esslshmea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: shameless


i want to report a gang rape case, its being done in Amsterdam and 11 men are raping a girl called BARCELONA


Probably the dumbest thing I've ever read on   Uz posledne to bylo dost strasne ted to jeste zavrsili :) a pekny design.


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  collected 27,130 gold coins!    


I'm at LGI Logistics Group International c/o LGI Czechia s. r. o. (Zakupy)  your follow means ecerything, PLEASE, im crying:( x8


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Actually for me it's probably the best part of all their songs. our new classmate just arrived and he's standing right next to me and will draw next to me. Wow great


 Ha! You could use this as the perfect excuse to be playing Tetris at work, you know ... ;b


I'm frickin' tired like Ricardo after cleanin'n'dustin' his house.. :D


Getting excited for the Browns game on the 24th with   


 yeah because half of it is complete and utter bullshit xD


Travelling, this hungover wasn't the best idea I've ever had. As the saying goes, literally planes,  think I'm gonna rewatch the Day of the Doctor again tonight. I also wanna watch the vampire thing McGann did abt a decade ago.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           534


   nice got my first turkey this year too ; 0)


S da twd na minha telinha  The Walking Dead  


 were there more fans than at normal signings? :) x


two days ago i started to read The hunger games,now i have to finish last 30 pages of the first part,im reading kinda fast compare to normal


Please tell me  is doing the Duke game tonight 


"bought my wife a tablet for christmas, this is how i wrapped it."  NEW outfit on my blog tomorrow | | stay tuned |        about your New Year's resolution? Win 2 tickets for the screening. See more about the contest on our fb page...


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         268


2013 WDSF GrandSlam Standard Hong Kong | The Final  via 


Can't Hold Us -- Macklemore and Ryan Lewis (feat. Ray Dalton)


There's more to come from Ozil, insists Mertesacker ahead of Cardiff  via 


 up oryu laeyl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: up your alley


Tweeting is actually like small talk. Most people don't know what to say. So they talk about obvious. 


another day in  paradise, thanks to our deer central bankers:)


No one plays like us! Luiz the superhero in new Nike Brazil advert  via 


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  kama sayang?  ndak jadi pulang do? RT  oh yeah  Amazing


   You aren't.

You -did-, but that was hours ago.


To my people watching the stream, the stream itself may be delayed by 2 hours if it'll happen at all, plan is - it will, otherwise I'll post


5  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


I'll get it at some point. if only coz of Hordern. of course if someone put it on Youtube that would be ideal...oh well.


I posted 21 photos on Facebook in the album "Andrea Kalinov: Opusten (re)krecia"  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.0C, Marc 21.19C ac foris 6.69C vre esse.


Best part about being home again: 
1. My family! 
2. My bed.
3. Some real bread, butter and Wurst. 
:D


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Valj Semerenko claims her first ever World Cup victory in pursuit  Afrikaans to Zulu, South Africa's  have stories to tell  


I got to write a 100 word essay on why I shouldn't say inappropriate things in class.. I said niggards because it was In my English book ..


 interview with great czech photographer Josef Koudelka:  via 


Most of the time people just don't want to give you the satisfaction.


 Family history and secrets are best revealed over a few drinks. :) :D ...the people must share under the influence.


 hahahahha fijate q no entiendo como es q me desapatesco si q sepa yo me tenes en bbm, whatsapp, facebook y twitter hahahha :(


Dneska v Lucerne budou lidi z cely Cesky Republiky! To je crazy! Diky vsem co dorazi ! I mean it !!!


    Vejlupek lupe bubliny z flie. M jich tu celou roli!


  lol your post was your best player for your team! Nuff said boy x


It's christmas time! ;-)        Is Troye Sivan an emotion bc I feel it  


 Jawaban benar: samson dan delilah,  18/342652 poin


"Fixing Windows 8" awesome Windows 8.2 mockup by a fanboy  hte flain emrargomp tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the final programme


The most comfortable feeling, is when u're smooching ur mom's body. Trust me.  wants to join Cards Against Humanity game here?
 yellowandshy


S/O to everybody that showed loved yesterday to  we are growing strong everyday. cc  


Odd: F.O.O.D. magazine recipe bears unfortunate resemblance to Ku Klux Klan rally  not saying having a Gyros sandwich changed my life...but it did, Tzatziki, meat and bread together at last. And veggies, forget the pork


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  x


MANO COMO ASSIM? TXF BOSTA! SIMON VAI TOMAR NO MEIO DO SEU TOBA! Demi Lovato  


 yeeeeeesh !!!!
more than you will eeeevvveeeerrrr knoooow !!!!!!!


 This is my bad side. Not sure if I have a good one


"I'm going to keep going until I succeed  or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years."


  Swedish apple pie sounds like the sexiest food ever


 At least Miley Cyrus is getting paid to act ratchet..the rest of you do it for free 


 it does make you feel a little better knowing that you're the best they'll probably ever have... Agreed D.S.


Superb tweet. Vladimir  night out in the streets of Kiev:   


 def possible to order them in Australia. I'm sure later on we'll get a link how to get them elsewhere


Under Control came out today and it's already 


 loser je tengok mickey mouse club house tu hahahaha


 hello ... I'm also still up ... maybe the book in my hands is the reason for it ... maybe too many thoughts ...  


Cocktail Tasting on-air ( Cloud 9 Sky Bar &amp; Lounge -  [pic]:    intolerance is a mark of feeble minds 


What in the entire fuck?! Damn kids shouting and screaming at 7 o'clock in the damn morning. The motherfucking sun ain't even out yet!


Pantene Ad Exposes How Men and Women Are Labeled Differently  Suspends Ad Campaign For Best Reason You Could Imagine  via 


Diversity is really the only driver of innovation - as to my own action research over the last years 


 Jawaban benar: behind the screen,  17/330597 poin


 Hi! Send me please preview this sketch on my email. info


 2/2 if u pls send me an email: ltanczer01 AT qub DOT ac DOT uk - i will but myself a reminder! thx for the interest :)


Still love my life. Play poker till 8am w/  and not even lose much! Hope  have found eachother in Finland.


Social networks, hierarchy, and the illusion of control | ZDNet  might add few more names to his xmas present list after this 


I just voted for TVD   Retweet to vote  pes 


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


 Thanks for favoring my tweet! There are so many fascinating painters!


 Can I assign more than one person to a to-do list?


Pristi rok bych se chtel vratit do ringu aspon jednou si to zase pinknout .....


Awesome festival!    Vstavit PVA Letany  Partnerprogramm  Newsletter  - 1,00 EUR / Lead   you have great knowledge but for your kind information Balochi is a language :-)


Uijte si zvuk Cosmic Gate (official)! 30.11 poprv na Transmission!//EN: Enjoy the sounds of Cosmic Gate! 30.11...  - SCORPIONS - realesed "In Trance" - with most Powerful Songs "Dark Lady", "Top Of The Bill" &amp; "Robot Man" !!  Nothing? What about to remember? Averything in your life has its own purpose - to mak you better, stronger and so on...


In memory of Gene Anthony Ray who was born on May 24th, 1962 and died on November 14th, 2003.


 [ongh uol uchn egnm] (1977) Shirley Yu, p:slit-wrist c:Hong Kong poin: 18


 Although the Manchus ruled into the 20th century, their language is nearly extinct  on one with microtrauma  Euphoric Magazine
full interview will online next week  time celebrating the birthday of one of my besties!  Love you Chicago!!!  Thank you for new Windows 8 app update! I missed the sync feature. Do you plan to add access to Favorites artists and New releases?


I fully agree with this assessment that the Chinese may regret "missing the boat" with   photo is trending in the Architecture category on Twenty20.  via  - I am so happy :)


The one thing I truly have missed is the sunrises on cold winter mornings. So schn.  what about: video 8,9,10: thy will die; video 11: Elton John brings them back to life ouuhhahha


Farewell Dear Ghost's Debut "We colour the Night" nimmt dich vom ersten Ton an ein. Und genau so ist  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by   Thomas Liske - Restore sync search method. Needs still to be rewritten!


Great review for  - 'brilliant ambience, friendly service, food excellent, l took...' -  paid 2 EUR for this... I think its shamefull what they did to me :(  just used  to sing along This Land Is Your Land by Mojo Nixon &amp; Skid Roper   barbara palvin she's one angel of victoria's secret


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  TROOPER  LP  same 1975  All of the time


 please make the new Year better and follow me


That's amazing! " Ya'll have got to see this! I'm so impressed     "


Join the free tour - every day at 10, 10:45 or 14:00 at the Old Town Square.


  time is of the essence - the best die young


Damn! Each time I now listen to Enya Only Time I hear JCVDs voice! :)


 it's St. Nicholas' Day in my country today, everyone getting little gifts, sweets and such.What about a follow from U,pls?x


Have you already tried famous  mission "Whole Lotta Altis" by  You can find it on Steam Workshop!  Am not watching, I'm all footballed-out. What a season! ManU and ManC down, all the big clubs getting beat, and Arsenal at 1.


 [noge ni eth tginh] (1996) Harry Gibbs, p:daughter c:USA poin: 17


I just need a job or like rich parents to buy new clothes.


My  Top 10 for November:      


Do you sometimes scream at your computer screen 'YOU SEXY BEAST!!' or is it just me?


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           789


Noch 13 Tage 20% Discount auf alles im On Sale Ordner! Get your perfect drum!  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.31C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 6.75C vre esse.


Here we are together, looking at little screens, interacting (at best) with people who arent here.


 I managed to try 7 pairs and walk out of the store empty handed. Proud of myself.


 life can be tragically ironic. Cars gave you fame, a car took everything away.  A huge  fan.


 bitch see what yo ass did to my mentions! Lmfao


What's the difference between an elephant and a banana? Have you ever tried to peel an elephant?


Voters are starting to like Ed Miliband. But they still don't think he's prime minister material: Last week Ed...  in 1 week we're back in Washington  for a 3 hour set!!  Tix here:...  when she came, she was like "OMG.. but i cant do anything about this" face lmfao


You have my shoulder when you cry . You know who you are dear .


Her name is magdalena but she doesn't want to tell me how her name on twitter is


Dns vakti :( ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 73 others)  Food Delivery Startup Caviar Launches In Seattle And New York City.  news :P better i will learn some spanish like " can we do a little bit louder? "  :D

que podemos hacer por...  hate that follow button in the corner of tweets


News: MASTIC SCUM - C T R L Album Track By Track Preview online :  06 Dec 2013, let us all send Nick Park the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (55)


2012 New Year Concert - Josef Strauss -- Feuerfest (Polka francaise, op....:  via 


Lmfao RT " When a girl doesn't like the picture..  some new vids to my YouTube account...it's time!


 An Alloygator! But I actually would love to see a wombat on a  book cover :)


I dunno how about you but I am hipstering to this song today!     collected 41,433 gold coins!    


" swear zae be on that good music...EVERY TIME !" All I know!


 [eht cgidhodl] (1974) Ed Lauter, p:desert c:USA poin: 12


NOTICE ME!!!  I wasn't on  I wasn't on  and you'll never notice me.


BLESSUP  yuh in my radio selection today again and again! Played already Free fromChains &amp; Mi Allright with  1LOVE


 jokes aside, Moyes jus isn't working is he? He doesn't know his best side! Hope he stays forever


well once it was just Mychael &amp; Viktor I knew Mychael was toast. I guess it is fair-ish? that was not a good look. 


197 Educational YouTube Channels You Should Know About  pes 


"Less is more" is the next thing in brand loyalty and business success - encouraging people to consume less, yes les Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


Cancer69_: A  could care less about presents.. they want all your love / mmmmm NOT!!! Si como No


When I close my eyes you are here with me. Oh what a song! 


BookClub Select: Radical Survivor: One Woman s Path Through Life, Love, and Uncharted Tragedy   18 Most Futuristic Predictions That Came True in 2013 (via   difference does it make 2 dead whether mad destruction is wrought under name of totalitarianism in holy name of liberty democracy? Gandhi


lain, teu nyambung -__- RT  affan_skyfall becanda elah


      911 proven controlled demolition.. who (5/6)


Photo: (via Beautiful Black Women With Curves and/or Thick - page 20 - Beautiful Black Women Pictures -...  watching Stargate Universe 2x17 "Common Descent (1)"  


 Think not, I am pretty tired already and I am going to go to bed.


Tatto-Convention mit irrer Show. Highlight der Tattoo Convention Moosburg ist Lord Insanity &amp; die verrckte Freakshow  works on Sat: we've joined  preparatory team on session dedicated to   


What a fight at the finsihline!Who has the longer legs?  This is actually a changing room... Weird people are being weird.  Altmarkt-Galerie  want to watch SBS Gayo Daejun but the file is too big and there's no space in my laptop for this  otl


[My Best Fans]      via    Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


Hahahaha  with my everything         mom just yelled at me for stealing deodorant haha c'mon live a little


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


 bhahahahaha we were working together on answers.... &amp; I have our "family photo" with kitty haha 


 pure coverage of   still no results of D2 ;(


A new favorite: Worakls - Good Night my Love (Joachim Pastor remix) snippet + video by Joachim Pastor  on 


In memory of George P. Cosmatos who was born on January 4th, 1941 and died on April 19th, 2005.


 Jawaban benar: life as we know it,  18/87598 poin


 whatcha doin now? TALK I'M BORED TALK ABOUT ANYTHING DOES ANYTHING TROUBLE YOU TELL


 dhse ruoy atser and akwl waya tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: shed your tears and walk away


Lb se mi video   A$AP Rocky - Wassup (Official Video)


 aw you should come to italy with me in february it's even better over there!


what's wrong with u?? we don't have a problem, but u are changed. Aymisiyuuuuuu hufttt.-.


On board from Lahti Historic Rally Jari-Matti Latvala. MASAKR!   2005 or so, it will become clear that the Internet's impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machine's." 

 1998


I still can't believe that one of my friends will probably move to the US in summer. 


Teach me how to dougie, teach me, teach me, how to dougie.


 Always. And thank you too have a nice weekend. :)


Looking forward to presentation of  to Polish friends today in     


  Thanks and happy  and happy  in Switzerland ;)


The Church of Our Lady Before Tyn, or Tyn Church, (Tnsk Chrm) is located at the Old Town Square. The temple is...  added a video to a  playlist  Trusty - Nesthn feat. Swordz &amp; Negative [FREE DOWNLOAD]


Finishing the year in style. Rocking that Thawb!  Back to the roots      pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 of course not. But a lot of working families are also in receipt of benefits and struggle to make ends meet


Hey Kids, the Show starts at 21 o clock. Be there...or be square.


"Og course we are going whit the PS4, they are blacker."  


Uploaded "Elements Of Trance Episode  [20-12-2013]" to   listen now!


live in the UK but why so suddenly this when it's not even possible..?


 je s tim vzdy mraky prace navic, dost casto komplet jiny layout.


I think I'm gonna sleep now. Here's a luvely pic of Gabe Saporta and Pete Wentz for you. GNight everyone  overview, agree with most.  "11 Awkward Things About Email" Differences for the Czech email?  Charlaine: Prava krev: Trinacty dil detektivne-hororove-romanticke fantasy rady americke autorky. V Bon...  week on twitter: 9 New Followers, 101 Mentions, 43K Mention Reach, 279 Replies, 33 Retweets. via  Pictures of  at the  in LA - Nov 14, 2013 (HQ &amp; Fan Pics &amp; Videos)  hey man, where did you hear this one before creating Normal Human Being? :-)  Stevia: Stevia is a natural, zero-calorie sweetening ingredient named after a plant that has been used t...  words, 19 pages, a sweet poster, a speech, and a killer outfit later I'm this close to being done with RHET 


Might change to the second phone today, mine is getting too wonky to handle


The good guys have lost in Syria  only the bad guys are left fighting: For Syrias beleaguered moderate rebel...  deep to keep finding, bringing us truth  Live: Alex Jones from the Grassy Knoll  


My Top 3  Artists: Gas (34), Burial (19) &amp; Demdike Stare (17)  today I got my ticket for your show in Prague, can't wait to see you for the first time!


I just voted for Katy Perry   Retweet to vote  via 


helping people migrating from SVN to git the next two days - love it


Great review for  - 'Amazing deal. Delicious food and cocktails' -  added a video to a  playlist  MVP - Zelezobeton feat. Trusty (Prod. JSM)


 hi, how's goin? long time...
thanks for fav my tweet


 it will be alright bb. Concerts are always nerve-wrecking even for me but in the end it's the best mmts in life x"D


 [kia nxi igu] (1989) Bonnie Law, p:rope c:Hong Kong poin: 11


talk, no facts.   911 is scientifically irrefutably proven controlled demolition. Steel skyscrapers do not (2/4)


Gr8 convo w Christiane Furst of Vakif on being 1 of best middles n world-team culture-match prep nlot more. Details soon on Dinamo website.


I liked a  video  Testlab Computeru: ultrabooky a konvertibiln potae


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 po 8 letech ctu Level a musim rict ze ste se mi trefili do vkusu (a cilovky),kupoval sem od r95 a ted uz hraju mene,ale clanky supr


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


"A friend of mine works at a hotel, they received this survey"  calling everyone I know. so no worries. yet.


Love this mornings with my superfriend and with coffee ;))))  pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 ^^___^^
Awww thanks my lovely angel. 

Love you more!!


  i don't think that will work, phillip. sorry.


I don't see the point in  gold. The only slightly interesting upgrade is attachment size, but I don't need attachments this big.


Another driver off into Europe with a pharma load tomorrow! Sems like the month keeps getting busier 


7 Sneak Attacks Used By Today's Most Devious   


 Jawaban benar: confessions of a queen,  22/2535 poin


Sustainability movement will fail unless it creates a compelling future vision    pes 


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  [EDM] - [Bounce] Timmy Trumpet &amp; SCNDL - Bleed [Monstercat


1st Quarter Specials:  2014 has arrived and we are pleased to offer the following StarDental first quarter sp...  (prev.     announced his retirement -   [ow'csr eatf] (1962) Tom Holland, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 11


 screen recording on 4.4 is with ADB limited to 90s and not 30s...


  here's my extended version of 2nd verse. cant get rid of that czech accent  FEEL THAT VISION


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Partytipp: 04.01.2014 Think Pink - Welcome 2014 - Gatsby Night Dresden   just wanna let you know, that our new game  goes free on Christmas! Try it on  :)


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Thats not hoeish I just can't say no to people , them niggas be lookin like they gon cry if I say no 


Trying to see the light at the end of the tunnel.  didn't want to use the stove because it's hot and dangerous.....................................like me" -my 10 year old sister


Cardio+nohy&amp;zadek.  ( Pure Jatomi Fitness w/ 6 others)  "What numbers are we thinking of?" "........ SIXTY NINE, DUDES!!!!!" 


Arrow: More Pics From Three Ghosts  With More Of Grant Gustin As Barry Allen!  via 


Cooking.. Yeah I'm a bit of a typical Instagram user.  of a Legend" -  - Best t-shirts in the world  really didn't want to have to get up in the morning


Ancient aliens is pseudo science, but thought provoking...


  cut the rope 2 podla mna naozaj nieje freemium. iAP neznamena automaticky freemium.


   a lot of      Kolej J. A. Komenskho (MENDELU)  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.38C, Marc 21.06C ac foris -1.06C vre esse.


Today stats: 10 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 14 people via  [,0100 llosadr a tueimn] (1935) Franklin Pangborn, p:contest c:USA poin: 22


one person followed me // automatically checked by  oarn's rsscimath ftig tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: nora's christmas gift


 Dont cry because they left. Just smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.


 Checklisting Europe: How a Missed Bus Turned into an European Extravaganza 


Job: Manager in Financial Advisory M&amp;A Transaction Services in   


 Remember when you once tweeted me during biology class and I freaked out like s*** and accidentally punched my neighboor?


 why does it have to be so hard though? this makes me mad and sad and everything at the same time ;-;


 dude like i swear i want it to fight me like are you there with no purpose like wtf i feel like throwing up bothersme so much!!


  was  in 1490 ... It should be  because its doesnt do anything   Boys -Traumsonne (Mark Feesh &amp; Gerry Verano Remix) - preview by Digital Room Records  Built new room, worked, started new redesign project, cleaned my Dribbble &amp; portfolio. Next week: School Internship


The Lede: Kerry and Zarif Turn to Selling Nuclear Deal to Skeptics Back Home 


 Indeed I'm sure most of the media prefer to see Al Qaeda everywhere... While AQ seldomly operates.   


Do you like to draw? 
Do you like to draw the inlay of my new Ep?
Please send you ideas/ thoughts to:...     and the Snow falls when i Drive with my Car here in Germany :-)  you heard Netsky - Come Alive by  on   fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 3.06C vre esse.


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I'm in love with my perfume! Just Cavalli!       [cemanro fo a sjeesw] (1908) Mack Sennett, p:jewish c:USA poin: 19


Podoba mi si film Top 10 Minecraft - Opuszczone Kopalnie [ w    moon is rising over calm seas and Dunnottar Castle, near Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, U.K.  think we have enough candy at the  party...  just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 28


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


My Top 3  Artists: Ryan Leslie (22), Vec (4) &amp; Mariah Carey (2)  linda muito prazer! The Walking Dead  


drwv: when i go to the gym to run i pick the treadmill behind the cutest boy so i can stare at his butt the...  i have no idea about any song right now. But my guess for Lucky One is it will be a slower song.


Mark McGann's character's idiocy knows no bounds. sad, since he's a teacher. I know, product of his time but HAS HE NO BRAIN 


The Doctor... - hiddleswhovian: Lets kill Hitler:Kidneys always the first to quit The name of the...  you seen  Let's talk about it on   hm. I hate the non-black parts of the jacket. not sure abt the rest. not great. 


            favorited a  video  YouTube Rewind: What Does 2013 Say?


06. Mark Sixma - Character (Original Mix) [A State Of Trance]   


i have lost all motivation i only care about christmas


 [arod to naalyad] (1964) Mel Blanc, p:falcon c:USA poin: 15


 Same here in Chemnitz. The streets were on fire! (Not a good advert)


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Final Fantasy VIII on Raptr!  Ads Performance Guide [  (va 


Istanbul'a dn... ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 27 others)  if CR&amp; doesn`t get it this year FIFA should be banned from football and sued for life esp Blatter


If you only look at your own piece of the  you will never see the whole  -  


As you gasp for air tonight. I'd scream this song right in your face


Tickets going fast for Symphonic Legends London!   parents reply when I say something hurts "you eat too many sweets." Dad I broke my leg " you don't eat right that's why " 


The    has finished, but also has been done with good results!


+1  This is why kerning matters in typography   


FIGHTING FOR LIFE  OVER PROFITS 

Pollution. The great Pacific Ocean plastic waste dump. Destruction of...  are u going to play also in Leipzig Germany in September?


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


24   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


 relocates to  while working on domain-irrelevant browser
 up with your team with CatchApp:  (Use this link to get 50 free updates per month)


You can always rely on me to get sick just before christmas. Every. Damn. Year.


Whoever acknowledges me before men, I will acknowledge before My Father which is in heaven. Matt 10:32


I have not had oatmeal in months. With vanilla sugar and orange wedges, it's delicious.


 how does it fell to be the coolest person on the planet? :)


I wrote environment for running SIT test, but doesn't have enough RAM. So back to top :-)    


Fairuz tkde . Tdk cite kt dia . If cite kt dia rasa cm lega sikitt . She busy right now .. hm


Haha yaps lu betul "   lay ah adem nya biasa cuy.. itu makanannya siang juga ada._."


 lol ^^ I was looking for some ringtones and I couldn't think of anything and then just "Inception it is" and now I'd need someone


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 4 C (39.2 F)  


 Aww, you poor guy! But that's what Twitter is for! ;-) You can always interact with your followers. And we won't abuse you! (much)


 Jawaban benar: the green berets,  16/372948 poin


-wheezes at cat wanting to be let outside into the dark creepy as stairwell-


  these are all alike they all derivated from Latin.


morning. ended up sleeping quite well, tho I did dribble blood all over my pillows and sheets (TMI?).


 I'm assuming the translation is in the comment, right?


     Thanks a lot. Happy New Year to you and all


  IDC: +156 %  Gartner: +123 %  Podobn Kantar a Canalys.


Energy prices: The Government shouldn't waste time responding to Labour stunts: From my Morning Briefing email...  :saiuamr eht lsta arrwiro tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: samurai: the last warrior


Sex Offender Gets Retrial After Facebook Blast Over Font Bias  to Frank Sinatra...instantly in a better mood :)


  oh noooo... swag und/oder moneyboy unfollow, block, report, wahhhh


 There is also nothing at all that guarantees that the voicing of your opinion will not have consequences.


I just entered the  Hearthstone giveaway! Check it out!     ang malupet, may solid palang ganun. Pucha super hell yun :((


HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALYSSA SOEBANDONO yang baikbaik slaludtg utkmu&amp;amp;all the best for you{} WE LOVE YOU{}  tax? RT  biri ya tshele ke mathata ke gore re ikgase hela ko bo maftown!!wa 50% ga a serious


 hlpi fo teh frueut tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: phil of the future


when you proclaim any concerts? : D Poland is waiting  


Find out what music beats in the heart of a tormented ex-almost-priest &amp; enter for an iTunes gift card &amp; signed bks!  collected 9,676 gold coins!    


  mine is on the logical post office, paid extra money for the delivery home and it wasn't... I'm sooo angry!


The Emoji Art and Design Show Spotlights the Picassos of Texting  just received a call that Bigg Jook and the Bunnies will be bringing Zedzilla and CMG affiliates with them on...  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               235


 planing that :-D I literally lost my voice :-D im just croaking :-D some guests made fun of how funny I sound lol


"MFW I have to go to the store for milk on Black Friday"  som fotky do albumu "Advent Time in Chteau de Moissac" (poet: 6)  de mais lives da demi cantando give your heart a break


 Teacher: "You're here to learn." Student: "No, we're here because it's the law.".


Going to make an american pancakes ...in czech called "livance"   


I'm in public with no makeup on. I apoligize to everyone who has to see me.


Keeping up with all your responsibilities today is challenging... More for Sagittarius  a way, adding Miiverse to 3DS made the WiiU just a little more undesirable. It was one of the defining features of that system.


Lb se mi video   Spice Girls - Wannabe - Lyrics


Fired Chef Takes Revenge on His Restaurant's Twitter Account  News - Only 1% of Snowden files published - Guardian editor  Typewriter Was the First Typewriter: A few words on the writing ball:  I.Z. aka IDzeroNo - IDZeroNo : The Last Bird (EP)   


 'cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker is that so wrong? is it so wrong? That you make me strong


   andRobin HOUSEmusic. the good morning jack


When will those frustrating loses stop?  Too much close games lost this season. But thumbs up for effort  


 entao da pra mandar pelo wpp aousghas One direction   


 + that day or go to a special place.

2) We don't really have a traditional dance.


Just had an in-growing hair removed/spot popped from underneath my armpit by My personal doctor... THE most excruciating pain imaginable!


  True, that's what I think as well. And that's what's giving me a hard time seeing what a majority apparently sees.


Apple takes 40.6% share as top US smartphone maker, Samsung hits 25.4%; Android stops losing share  pes 


The Secession House in Vienna  Prague Blog  via 


History is a set of lies agreed upon by the victors


Day 9 -         at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 10 others  Huntington's framework, have we now begun the third reverse wave of democratisation?  Basora(


I liked a  video  Bushido - Leben und Tod des Kenneth Glckler


I do wish I was in Chicago to Witness the Cold and the Ice Art that comes along with it. I know Navy Pier Must look amazing right now!!!


Great stuff. RT  Marmite pop star James Blunt returns perfectly crafted smackdowns to his Twitter  trolls  compare with that feeling of have pasta after a long day


 how sweet is that! so cute! thanks for sharing this pic! :)


 we support Your   Register  your service 


Czech Koruna Slides as Lizal Says Target Change Possible: Prague Mover - Bloomberg via 


 [teast fira] (1933) John Sheehan, p:contest c:USA poin: 10


I just voted for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


 Happens to me still. People need to stop littering  looooooooooool


 Marami ang pwedeng magpasaya sayo. Yun nga lang, hindi yung taong inaasahan mo.


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 101


 cool. I'm trying to play SM3DW and whoa flashbacks of playing SM3DL on vanilla 3DS in more ways than one!


I'm gone take care of your body i'll be gentle don't you scream 


   lol, nope HS is for enjoying fun with friends, I don't think I've ever use anything what I learned at HS


I just earned the 'Bottle Share' badge on   crossed in to Austria. Still beautiful sunny day. 240 kilometres to hotel.


Weekly Barbarians quiz questions coming up soon on the facebook page.  The last of the easy ones   


 [ignnifd anacrldeg] (1998) George Klein, p:graceland c:USA poin: 17


I liked a  video  HP Turbo stezka (a do 29.11.2013)


 otcord oetsod tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: doctor desoto


Anonymous asked: I don't know you at all so I am judging by what I see here. You complain all the time...  ...doesn't mean we want it to be the butt of a joke for millions of people...without being asked beforehand. oh well.


I should buy  but I'm not sure if I have enough money. How much does it cost, I wonder?


My Top 3  Artists: Bolt Thrower (57), Possessed (41) &amp; [unknown] (36)   First time I heard that Robbie Williams' song - it's brilliant! :))


Trancefusion Old School 2 - Scot Project:  prostednictvm 


 [lb,iby aamtnno] (2004), p:asbestos c:USA poin: 14


This message this morning honestly made my day . Love Denise   is About Constraints and Concentration  time to quote smart dead people, reflect, ponder, make lame promises to yourself you won't keep..  thinks I'm in Poland right now so I'm going to pretend like I'm in Poland right now.


Start your New years fitness programme today and get in shape in time for summer with this fantastic half price deal.  plit2 sm ank sndiri._.  "  Dear MOM.... ?"


This week on twitter: No new followers4 new unfollowers and followed One person  via  got this Fan sticker. Check out my 139 other stickers on   Trade Secrets on the Smartest Corner of the Internet  spending the night in an old castle and they have odd paintings here!  jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


Thanks for being my first caller in 2014. It was great catching up 


"Innovative technology addresses wireless interference" -  Morricone - pozvnka na koncert 9.2.2014 O2 Arena, Praha.:  via 


 iyawis sg bar pasang speedy :p woiya,yuk mari lnjut bbm.


que que vocs acham maliksbeside, imhereforzaynm ou stylesdirtbag?


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


was really funny
but I didn't get a photo with a Percht :(  Review of 'Hunger Games' Declares Allegiance to Team Gale  - Rocket Man (I Think It's Going to Be a Long, Long Time):  via 


Wed, 13 Nov 2013, let us all send Roger Ingram the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (56)


 Jawaban benar: blondie's reward,  16/9548 poin


Wed, 11 Dec 2013, let us all send Donna Mills the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (71)


I'm glad to be here again .. a good day at the   Jawaban benar: 6 hours to live,  15/362582 poin


 I wouldn't do that if it wasn't the end ;)) But now I can "afford" it...so I f.u.c.k. it all :P This company is stupid.


-50%   BIG   New-Bobby-Car Hello-Kitty,    


Going to prepare my bag for 'tomorrow' and then off to bed yay


Peter Pan collar Handmade black felt, Preciosa beads, beaded necklace. Women's clothing   


...but they then realised it was not something people seemed to be that interested in. so, it's the audience's fault, really.


 Just in case you've ever wanted to hear a koala burp like a boss... via 


Heartwarming Google India Ad Packs Cinematic Story Into 3 Minutes  iPhone case by        
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 996


Odj*b, LVL: Hardwell! :)

 Dance, Trance, Techno, House, Electro   sssso scheduled to see you live (Finally!) in Berlin. But wont make it cause bitches kept me back, and not in the right way


 hi ,i follow you twitter pls tell me who do you think is gonna to win the playoffs   match for me.


Handmade framed Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


I've collected 13,610 gold coins!    


I have Patch on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Can't beat a bit of Kylie Minogue in the morning :-P  via 


Baby all I want for Christmas is Youuuu, baby &lt;3 kocham t piosenk


1 tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you   sen darbeci polis Abi'lerine yaptn toplantlarn hesabn versene nce ?


Ready for tonight's concert         
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 44


"You won't believe how accurate GE's new CT scanner is"               do u know when they are going to film it ? I mean the tv show ? :)


  pity that more does not respond to tweets from other..


 me too, this is getting out of control i'm eating my 3rd one noo


I'm at Sparta Praha (Generali Arena) (Praha) w/ 2 others  I am Dee and I am super crazy, love candy and don't care about diets. ;)


i'd like to go to sleep because i'm super tired, but we the kings' new album is too good and.. i ..just can't turn it off :(((


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  a "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: The Hub" s1ep7  


sai cu, to votando manu, eu to rindo The Walking Dead  


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


IMC Krems at the Urban North: Dreams and Realities Symposium in Darwin: At the beginning of October, IMC Mas...  Insert Mat For Motor Vehicles For Laying On A Floor Carpet Structure Of The ...    [maylan-lodnlo xxx] (1973) Jeff Bridges, p:hillbilly c:USA poin: 17


 hahaha ;D jak wroce z treningu to wyczowam sucharki od taty xd


 ya my back ok. No pain. Is just my thigh now lol. Hahah how is ur back?


 the thing is i can go but i'm gonna miss 3 of her classes and my absence will rise by at least 10% which is too much-


 I've never seen a more controversial nigga in my life. Damn he's mull though


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.38C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 2.5C vre esse.


Note to self: luggage swap might be a good idea, but I should make a pic of what luggage I have now. 


All community choice options are cool, but I'd love to pick up Soundodger+, so vote for it :P


MANCHESTER UNITED TRANSFER WINDOW: Moyes after midfield talent  via 


I've harvested 1,177 of food!    


But if it wasn't the best year ever. thanks  . Thanks beautiful people in this fandom. 2013 u rock


 Hi ladies, I think you might like this  by  about how to thrive in entertainment as a woman.


 Changing that default will not case any *significant* improvements if meanwhile other stuff stays undone. Quantity != importance.


Record of the video of Working Holiday  available on YTB  meeting Working Holiday  18/12/2013 at 6 PM  now available of the Alchemy Booklet   glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Prague streets outrank others in Central Europe for shop rents  framed Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


      :3 &lt;3 :)  The best bed :D   Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


Photo: New pics of  with  &amp;  in London yesterday (Dec. 5th, 2013)  Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


 Are your SMS servers ok? I'd love to unlock my account.........


Good food, great weather, friendly germans, over friendly czechs, aggressive gypsies, drunken train ride. What more can one ask for~


Photo: Jack &amp; Kevin are in the middle of everything especially the 24 Boys Orgy debuting Nov. 26th...   I hope so as.well, looks like they're checking it for letter bombs at the customs again 


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


 Jawaban benar: the virgin and the gypsy,  24/1930 poin


"Dropbox Buys Supercomputing Startup  And That Makes Perfect Sense"   won't let you go, even if I die...
 ipitnova  watched the Fixing Common JavaScript Bugs course from  authored by   love too much, don't trust too much, don't hope too much. Because that 'too much' can hurt. So much.


So you still can't convert markers to subclips or drag clips from timeline to Browser to do the same in Premiere CC? Geez.


If Disney isn't considering hiring Robert Lopez to do every one of their soundtracks for the next decade, they're crazy.


I've harvested 1,157 of food!    


 Phew! Thanks for sharing! Just got my  in mail today about Rebooting Research. Big times ahead!


is there anyone who'd like to add me on whatsapp so we can chat some time


Job opportunity: Pharmacovigilance Manager at Arriello Group - Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic   jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba Ethic Mogway 100 mm 88a  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 99


 These AX60 are really picky with tips and fitting. Bass can easily subside and sibilance can screw it all :-(


Microsofts Project Siena lets anyone create Windows 8.1 apps  Tut by    get'em at   via 


Hmm... Which drink shoud I buy? Oh here is it. ,Gradi-Cola Light.  for my photo to win the GRATITUDE challenge on Twenty20  via  Kuj... :)


 yes..America is a pioneer in the Capitalist world .. unfortunately


 Jawaban benar: falling away from me,  20/331294 poin  1/4701 poin


My Top 3  Artists: The Killers (93), Eminem (22) &amp; Foxes (7)  my mum showed my drawing to her colleagues and they would love me to draw something for them and even pay me! :')


gorgeous art gifts + goodies. yes. lots of them:    


 Clearly Barker. It's gonna be a rough night for Sturm. 


Photo: Dont Let The Muggles Get You Down. | via Tumblr on We Heart It.   is it weird I'm getting excited just talking about a zombie theme park..? Haha


Desperately reaching for anything that would bring my home back to me.


Shout out to Champp's in Newark airport for excellent bacon cheeseburger (only $9.49) and Blue Point Pale Ale ($9).  Question. Abli diay run hantod what time diay?


 you??? :s Someone is def doing something wrong ...


 twitter, facebook, instagram, orkut, flogo..


I've collected 1,281 gold coins!    


Analza EUR/USD, GBP/USD, AUD/JPY, USD/JPY, GOLD podle Elliottovy vlnov teorie 6.1.2014  lol!! The Hobbit: Ed Sheeran spills on messy drunken night with Evans, Cumberbatch &amp; Freeman! | Unreality TV  bir ka arkadamn ailesi ocuklar erasmusla Trkiye'ye yollamam dn imaj.


 Jawaban benar: act of vengeance,  16/88140 poin


there are no toasts in this house can u feel my pain


 Maybe he hit on these fellow poets,  they didnt like it, so  stories start circulating.  Broom stick up the ass sounds like a myth


Lb se mi video   Drakensang Online Gameplay Video 1


I have a job opening for an IT Analyst. Contact Me in Brno, Czech Republic  


 Jawaban benar: africa: the serengeti,  21/348099 poin


 Uz jsem se jednou zacala ucit na midterm od 12 az na prednasce od 9. Midtermy jsou mensi zlo, ale urcite to staci az rano.


Tue, 19 Nov 2013, let us all send Kathleen Quinlan the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (59)


 Ha! But at least we don't insist on having just one article and then referring to cars, ships and planes as females! :D


BRIKCIUSOV NA PRDLE - LABYRINT updates: spolupoadatelem je Daniel Pearl Music Days -   I agree! I'm actually looking forward to that one. I had a feeling tonight's episode would focus on the governor again.


Fri, 03 Jan 2014, let us all send John Sturges the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (103)


 because Prague has great pubs and its still less than 2 quid for a beer!


 Yes I get you I adore him too! :) And I was a little bit in love with Zac, but it's over :)) I'm just a fan now :D


 Hi das he have inaf vitmins? Cats do that when they dont have a variety of foods.


The next update,  3.1, is now available for all users! Download MADRIX 3.1 now for free  


Thrilling weekend in Croatia with some 40 youth leaders. Half graduated today after three years of training. Some...  [hte ilocpmy mpcah] (1942) John McLeish, p:olympics c:USA poin: 17


The fact that  is going through my insta and liking all 317 posts. 


I can't wait for Black Sabbath concert tonight   [iuoealdg ihwt a aownm drepedat] (1980) Peggy Lawson, p:marriage c:USA poin: 30


 Merry Chrismas Justin &lt;3 lOVE U! You are my inspiration :)


I liked a  video from   [FACECAM] Let's Play: OUTLAST  [Horror/HD]


 Looks awfully scruffy. Must be the Addthis update that has done it.


 follow my friend! Chinese.. She is beautiful and different. You are lucky to know her! She will follback you :)


0000 (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut  you made late decision ? we have for you late rooms for New Year Eve .o))  is one of very few major league players who is actually involved with his fans/followers.  Hard to come by!  


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


 Good morning, BTW. What time do you have to be in at work now?


You guys couldn't even imagine how hard is pick one winner of the contest, because I love all the tweets you sent me.


Lb se mi video   Coone - Global Dedication for The Philippines


Must have :) The Last of Us Fireflies Zippo Lighter by ZippoPro  via 


Ponies have 6 senses: Sight, Touch, Hearing, Smell, Taste and Pinkie. 


Tak tohle m pobavilo :) This Is What Happens When A Teachers Homework Assignment Gets Out Of Hand...  harvested 240 of food!    


 Thank you. Wishing you happy Christmas holidays too. The Grey Area will be the 1st ballet waiting for me in 2014 :)


In memory of John Lennon who was born on October 9th, 1940 and died on December 8th, 1980.


Just stole the mayorship of Labyrint Sport Centrum on  Crown me!   Same. Poor Anderson though but he was such a good metaphor for the fandom :D


If you aren't into skiing or ice skating, here's a creative cold weather activity!...   pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


 the thing is that when you see them for the first (even the first couple) of times that is usually the first thing you want


 im fucking bored here and want to go home but other than that im fine!


...and first 2014 move was selling $aria too early. 71% gain after fees oh well I'll take it ;)


Have you heard Basecamp - Rydia (Artful Remuddle) by  on   I wanna lose weight so bad. I basically changed my lifestyle please tweet me I can do it so I'll be even more motivated


New resource opens the door to use the Olympic games to share the Gospel  via 


Jaky algoritmus pouziva  na prochazeni bludiste?  harvested 60 of food!    


 Hey Daniel, thanks a lot! I hope that helps. Keep up the good work!


 and it's here in Czech isn't it? The whole time I thought it isn't but it seems like it is ahaha


" Lewk Brewks iz e fagot!1!  i love that faggot. 


 I'm on my third invocation of "best practices" already. Someone get me a drink.


 [rtioclsau] (2003) Fred Harwin, p:glass-eye c:USA poin: 9


I heard you were going to make a lot of
changes to improve your life. Could you
start by staying the fuck out of mine?


Babe, I love you million times the seas and ocean.  Opportunity: Technical Support for Sweden in Prague, Czech Republic  


Uhmmmm Scandal..... We finally caught up........    


 kung sabagay wala ka pang plano pero sana huwag mo syang paghintayin ng matagal.. :D


I love my english book teacher, she's so silly and awkard, but so sensitive and supportive at the same time. She's amazing.


 new chip could put 4GB of memory in your next smartphone  this lead to a 64bit Architecture?


Been thinking about a possible Enola sequel. If you think Enola is dark, the would-be sequel would give you a heart attack.


Cocok buat ditonton cabe-cabean   Helloooooo.. noh campur campur tayangannya gak lebih bermutu ...  RT  i haven't bought an album since Bow Wow "Beware of the Dog"" first album my mom got me lol


-50%    E-dvd!  How To Get A   C L  For    


Me and Adam used to sing each other to sleep cause he was my dream come true


The pyramids in Egypt are in the exact center of all land mass on the planet. And no one still know how they were built


He said to me, "Good men are often understated. A guy who will take you out to dinner, with wine. A ko le lese di party/club hookup" :''D


Thank You God for allowing me to see another day  


Matupad man o hindi yung date on the moon ni Joaquin yung thought na si Chichay ang gusto niyang makasama ang da best! 


 [eht esgrossnts dna hte suaglel] (2011) Muthiara Rievana, p:Documentary c:Indonesia poin: 30


The facebook update. 56.7MB. Clicked on whats new and it only show "Bug Fixed" .


I'm thankful for  , my lil red head , I spy nigga ! I miss you !


Start new business in Africa Kenya, Nigeria, Ghana, Zimbabwe, Namibia - New mlm business  The best Ronaldo and Ibra cartoon we've seen since the Sweden and Portugal game!  :)


  Thanks Kristi and Tony (I think). Getting better, feeling stronger. Still not doing anything of consequence today.


It was like Ingress tried to play a background sound but failed so the false precache was used for the music app...


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


stop singing otherwise it's gonna rain  daddy


watching Equilibrium (hi there Sean Pertwee!), and it seems this film is all rainbows and puppies...


Great review for  - 'The food was really good with a generous amount included. Th...' -  Top 3  Artists: Britney Spears (134), Cora (36) &amp; Helene Fischer (21)   hi patricia, good to meet u at conf last week, keep in touch!


 Today I heard two messages from two people I respect that Mandela was a born again Christian 


UNESCO Scientific Conference on the Occasion of the Centenary of WW I, 26-28 June 2014, Bruges, Belgium.  one of 25 American Giant- Huckberry Hoodies from American-giant  via 


The  were terrible tonight. Everywhere. So many giveaways. And that teethless offense. I'll be having nightmares about that.


"Life is complicated. Running is simple. Is it any wonder that people like to run?"  just uploaded "Sound of Dos  to Mixcloud. Listen at  Michael Schumacher is in a coma, his condition is critical.


Someone help me stop rambling about spectrobes and actually sleep


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet &amp; ye shall be re-tweeted". 


 Oh boy - they'll be calling the cops soon *chuckles*


My Top 3  Artists: State Faults (140), Loma Prieta (120) &amp; La Dispute (108)  mio and everything will change... like with Bale. Contracts at this time are only piece of papers.


  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  industries that will be changed by   forever  this tree  astree      Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  Please don't tweet? Seriously? Auf einer Online Marketing Konferenz?


Downloaded some Czech-English dictionaries (coz Cz-Rus are so frakking expensive). Gonna learn new words better in both languages now ;)


Last session at the  on the  projects  and   


 Hope you follow  some day again (w/o notifications), we are planning some VERY cool studies in December.


HR Business Partner: Critical Role     via 


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         17


This Means War at HBO2 finished now watching Struck By Lightning at HBO yay :3


Answer 1 simple question every day till Xmas Eve for a chance to win amazing prizes   via 


My HappySocks pale in comparison with THIS! Applause for HappyTights. :-)  Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


You show da lights that stop me turn to stone...  person followed me // automatically checked by  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


  I will be several days in Frankfurt, Wanna come over 1 day or 2 or 3? :P


Earrings with framed glass beads and filigree, Czech Handmade jewelry   


IM SELFISH IM WRONG IM WROOOONG *mangats nyanyi RT   Dashboard Confessional - Vindicated. ..retained wouldn't fighting..


Dalton saw those Alex Smith highlights yesterday and decided to be a hero....smh


 [a rudlwfeno efli] (1950) Kenne Duncan, p:charity c:USA poin: 16


I recommend anyone trying to lose weight or just a few pounds to try this.  Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


8  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


 Beggining To End by Ta-ku on  --- this song is inter-generational somehow. Nice.  i heard you like harry potter so how about a HP marathon at my place next weekend?


[Mixtape]  - It's A Scary Site :: Get It LIVE!     


Katy Perry "Roar" - Official Nokia Exclusive Behind the Scenes:  pes 


Hey  . When steam handles problems with servers, can you write something about this?  Thanks for your work


  you are the  beautifulest girl all around the world you are so naturally 
I love you sooo much Miley 


This guy is really making us Trancers proud.   210: 04.  - Lifelines (Original Mix) 


I'm now ranked Dedicated (top 40%) in Shadowrun Returns on Raptr!  ju rzygam..ale ta piosenka jest pikna:-*
Celine Dion - My heart will go on (Official Video!):  przez 


I just liked "Smoke &amp; Mirrors - LED Night Longboarding" by  on Vimeo:    Carrick-Scholes-Hargo/Fletcher in 07-08 too, when 4-3-3 was mostly used.


 Jawaban benar: love and curses,  15/329406 poin


 [teh oemcutrp eowr etsnni sehos] (1969) Leoda Richards, p:computer c:USA poin: 30


  legend rafa lets celebrate his life amana and we sure are doing that


I posted 315 photos on Facebook in the album "TRANSMISSION 2013"  stats: 7 followers, 9 unfollowers and followed 6 people via  das, Chemnitz: Europe's best christmas markets - European Best Destinations -  after a year I've finished the whole Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy :-) I'm ready to go on a trip now. To the space :-)


Fredo Santana - Trap Boy (Official Video):  via 


 
You are the best player for me 
Don't forget FENERBAHCE !


TOP Streamate model LOLLI &amp; Pamella Amm ! 
Join to:   Personal blog:  lolli.me  I was sitting on the floor sobbing and I'm still not okay with that. How about you?


Ice Cold Paint Jobs DLC for Euro Truck Simulator 2 has been released on Steam! Enjoy! &lt;3   bomba! Breach - Everything You Never Had (We Had It All) (Ft. Andreya Triana) (...:  pes 


 Jawaban benar: a previous engagement,  21/6878 poin


1 am: "Gonna go to bed soon, I'm pretty tired."
5.30 am: "Well, never mind."


 I wore mine all summer and the bourgie family I worked for didn't know what to do with me


 [onhey, mi' ehom] (2007) Karen Worden, p:dream c:USA poin: 15


 you're just jealous that a male stripper in a Santa hat doesn't come see you


Great I hate myself now and I'll be miserable for weeks


 Jawaban benar: the line-up,  11/7901 poin  1/366794 poin


What would you do with 9 hrs in Vienna? I share about my daytrip, and other holiday musings. Check it,  


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  came, I saw, I conquered
I shot you down
Now yo brain don't have no conscious
What you do now?


 ...

That way, interactions are a beautiful buzz inducing bonus and you never feel a failure cos they're the icing not the  cake!


Everyone except ferd looks so old but moldau and him are the oldest and simon the youngest jfc  Spends a Year Recreating Selfies Taken on Lost iPhone  been on here for a year. Here's my most recent housemate the moment we became friends."  assembly began 15 years ago today   


              woke up and now i'm going to get better since me and my friend are meeting up :')


Long Art Deco Earrings Etruscan Revival Vintage by prettyinprague2  via 


Found Mega Dead Pixel in  Shadow Fall! :D   strnky Pragotrading ani E-SHOP JI NEJSOU AKTUALIZOVNY A PODPOROVNY!!! 
Nov hokejov obchod na...  home completely exhausted so now I am laying in my bed  plus I'm freezing! But I'm not complaining at all ;)


 That's great. We are always happy to hear ORM Designer is helping someone.


Sat, 04 Jan 2014, let us all send Rick Hearst the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (49)


"What can you conclude about the nature of the relationship between two variables with a quotient that is constant?" WAT?!?!


09:35 OK2PDT/P (Jan) on OK/VY-009 (Horn les, 774m, 6pt) 7.032,9 cw: correct ref [DL3HXX]


one of the biggest/most important exo tumblr blogs reblogged from me. how did this happen?? it wasn't even an original post by me


I've collected 10,277 gold coins!    


Google: "Launching our spectrum database [&amp; developer API] to help users dynamically access TV white space spectrum"  i haven't listened to planisphere in like a month and now i'm actually sad


 oh my...I would buy the whole store if I could! :)


Can't Get Over You by Ryan Hemsworth &amp; Starlito is my new jam. Listen:  wonder, is xrdb -query | grep Xft.dpi equivalent to XGetDefault(pDisp_, "Xft", "dpi"), or not?


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  pokud m rd/a Justina, napi si :) Pokud ne, moc se omlouvm.   Dobe, pls follow me   DAT Project - Will U Love Me (The Knight Cats Edit)   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           458


"I am John Ratzenberger, Cliff Clavin from Cheers and Pixar's Hammy the Pig, Mack the Truck and many more.":  just watch, if u keep treating these kids soft u are gna make a bunch of lil Gay'n'Proud shits.. 


   links pllllllllllssssssssss im at work so no time to search :-)


I entered to WIN signed paperback by A. Meredith Walters. With  &amp;   everyone seems to avoid me today, except for kids and hobos


 how old are you? (if you don't mind answering)


 at the moment yes I do! It's only for an academic year... I'll be gone by July next year :) it's perfect here! D.S.


Try my IFTTT Recipe: If any new Instagram photo, then create photo post on your Blogger blog  Look what I just found! A pub in Vienna with a very interesting name ... ;)  epizode od Lost. I guess I will miss it, eventhough it is so stupid!


Had a dream I had to get piercings for some reason... very strange as they didn't put the earrings in, so I had huge holes in my ears...


Fri, 03 Jan 2014, let us all send Bruce LaBruce the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (50)


2399 K Hotel Ilf *** - super balek 2 noci pro 2 os. za fantastickou cenu
Super balek pro 2 osoby na 2 noci...  a late date with  what a great dessert ;)        Prague. It's been grand.   Nmst I. P. Pavlova  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jsdjds


 Jawaban benar: secret admirer,  14/334995 poin  1/22484 poin


     no trip to vienna for x-mas markets bbs. mom got sick and shes on


        all my Friends


 [het onli sruetnh] (1921), p:sequel c:USA poin: 16


EAD-Group at 1st PhD Workshop on System Integration of Renewable Energy (WSIRE 2013), colocated with the 3rd  invites a new round of explorers to buy    EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


"   What The Fuck is this ????  milk everything


At the same week, City beat two league position leader which are Bayern Munich and Arsenal.. Salute for them.. 


 "what's so different about these that I need pay for a new machine"


 Under Control by Calvin Harris on    wirtgin iwht tg:lih iovttori oasrtor tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: writing with light: vittorio storaro


 [tlel em uoy levo em] (2007) Luke Kirby, p:therapist c:USA poin: 19


 nice! but there is already something similar :):  Martin Kuta explains characteristics tracked in the case study.


Surface Pro 2 now set up, will replace my laptop for the upcoming weeks. let's see if this works out


 [m:repla nesiems] (2007) Adrian Rawlins, p:murder c:UK poin: 15


I'm fine now but as soon as I get into that dentists chair I bet I'm gonna freak :c


I've collected 1,385 gold coins!    


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via     I feel fine just after some rest all the crud break up and then its down hill


On the way back to Freiburg for Christmas. Love heading home.


I'm at Terminl hromadn dopravy (Hradec Krlov) w/ 2 others  martinekenblog: Vctor Enrich gave himself a challenge, as part of his latest project NHDK, to...  stats: 4 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  omg... of course not in the morning Ive been thinking about afternoon, later in the afternoon


Its the third night in a week I stay awake bc of a follow spree. And I actually know that  would never follow me. 


so apparently it's 2014 in like 4days, I am so not mentally prepared for that yet 


Ai o weldel me coloca num grupo do whats morena  outro nivel. Kkkkk


 Yep! That's what I mean.  I'm scared of this guy  !!! He's worse than the girl from "The Ring." :D


blow, partition, rocket and drunk in love sind die 'timb tracks auf B's suprise album... htt' ich auch so erkannt ;D


 it's not.. let's skip the embarrassing part and go to the part where I mention how handsome Sungyeol looks with black/blue hair


 is a secularist. He's also against New Atheism and the way it talks about Islam. Here's why:  Praga en Repblica Checa!! FELIZ!! Life is too short to wait!! Let's go, do it!! I'm ready to go!!  eyes realiz real lies coz ain't nufin better than the best thing  now ranked Dedicated (top 40%) in Sanctum 2 on Raptr!  are the only one thing I can't get enough of."


Feels strange watching Brown &amp; O'Shea play. Doesn't seem too long ago while one was 'megging Figo &amp; other running up &amp; down the right flank.


Good morning. Have a nice day. Last day for voting. Castle    Stana Katic  


"Profits are not our Primary Goal."
- Elon Musk in Tesla Motors Letter to Shareholders   hate a part 2:48... :( what's wrong with Harry?!


 Well, time will tell. It's been in production for a while. The teaser parts look good. It can't be worse than 1980s Godzilla.


 [irguadna of ened] (2010) Harold House Moore c:USA poin: 16


I would just like to remind you all that in a week IM SEEING BYONCE


 sometimes why I wonder why you're my best friend


Banks Fail to Comply With Parts of Mortgage Settlement, Report Says 


This is Denka, so small she can sleep in my hands. About 2.5 weeks old.  Czech Republic  homo.. But I miss my niggas..   , 


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


you know me so well~ RT  Kayanya ane tau nih.. " biar di kata ape sih sob?"


Check out Painting Watercolor Landscape Original   Habits of Successful People: Thinking in Ratios  by 


 corviait &amp; arebtl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: victoria &amp; albert


 Jawaban benar: let's live tonight,  18/328655 poin


I'm voting for  for  Favorite Male Artist Pop/Rock, you can too here:  Yende
27.1.2014, 19:30
Municipal House
PKF  Prague Philharmonia, Christopher Franklin  conductor...  love getting in on the latest trends!  My latest purchase Easter Egg is amazing!  o hobrter, ewerh atr o?hut tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: o brother, where art thou?


Out of 2,5 million motorist 700k has registered for etolls and they only need a million to get going. Your thoughts?


Ask a Dev: Can I Turn a Responsive Website Into an App?  Days
Halcyon Weeks
Halcyon Months
Halcyon Years


Just saw this bitch get picked up from school by her boyfriend. That was cute or whateva lol


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 21.06C ac foris 3.63C vre esse.


I've just entered to win Richie McCaw's autobiography!    


Happy Christmas Eve for        dan buat semua yg merayakan :D


I wish i had a dollar for everytime i said  this past year.


Loving  's tweets right now. I've always known there's something so special in this little True Jackson girl :) &lt;3


 I loved Budva and Kotor, too. I loved visiting Montenegro - the mtns, the sea.


    something like Instagram, but a bit more... sophisticated? It's a douche word I know but


I love organizing my life with Wunderlist. Get a month of Wunderlist Pro for free here:   making the speakers look really small since 1968. 


Nice lecture about the (upcoming) world of E-patients  real-time reports translated into English and contextualized by the team at  since Friday alone.  se mi video   Dominator 2011 | Official Anthem | Art of Fighters - Nirvana of Noise


 Morning bro! Have a great start for the week :)


Future is back physical and it looks good MIT's shapeshifting display lets you reach out and touch someone  via 


alex and rian are both turning 26 this month like ...what


 Chocolate Reeses Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies  to remember for every guy  via   HANDBALL TEAM SUPPORT!:  via     


Maybe I'm not tweeting... but actually I'm here. I'm here 24/7.


good looking " [PREVIEW] JUNHO's Say Yes~Friendship  tomorrow at 12 AM JST.   Service Delivery Consultant for Graduates in IT 2013 or 2014: HP Austral...   


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 23 others  Jawaban benar: never coming back,  17/17 poin


 igynomw dunupro tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wyoming roundup


buon anno 2014 from triest! enjoy  the new years eve with all of your friends and its time to get  is time to summarize yr 2013...well what to say..what a year! there was o lot of bad things but lot of those perfect.. cant wait for 2014


 he was totally at the back squatting :( while the rest do dance break. i see a blonde tao beside blonde sehun i know liao NUUUU


Tohle nen follow friday ale sp unfollow friday 


 kimse yemez zaten Ka ba boya zehirlenme riski var


Grow Your Business By Getting Back to Basics  by 


 Great article, but it is stunning not stuning!


How  still cannot auto-search for files to reconnect is beyond me.


Glamour brooch metal fashioned brooch handmade jewelry by MagicSky  via 


An early Christmas present: received the new book on beer &amp; brewing I'm reviewing for the TLS. Holiday reading = solved.


  It reminds me The Boscombe Valley Mystery and you named Makala Saunders,am I right? x


Thank you   I've just finished reading  13/12 newspaper. Brilliant! Brilliant!Thank you. 


Today stats: 5 followers, 12 unfollowers and followed one person via  Beer Tasting is great experience and it teaches you how to become a Real Beer Masters.  the Frog Tells Who Are the Big Cameos in 'Muppets Most Wanted'  pes 


 ritaaa, happy birthday. semua yang terbaik buat rita;* jan sombong2 traktiran;p


 and how would shavings make a difference? They'd still be chocolate...


   ite bak ite naslda bizi ikayet ediyor sahiplerine, trk vatanda bile deil bu soysuz


"Big data can change everything: from corporate strategy to the way people vote."  


Want to Fight Off Content Pirates? Stream Your Show for Free  collected 21,200 gold coins!    


 Is it still actively developed? Last commit 2months ago, and still havent received an answer to this issue:  challenging role for a real decision maker - for expanding financial group.   still think Shanahan leaves a lot to be desired in the accountability department........


" Smh. Charlotte is out of control" gonna be right back on first 48


Driving through western Virginia and the Appalachian trail is seriously stunning


Wondering when I'll stop getting these reminders of the last two and a half years


  mate, we chose 'Boy Meets World' to appear in our Best Of 2013 selection, go here   No, because she would still get the regular, lovely, non-spam tweets :)


Tht wouldn't be easy " I can't afford to eat Nasi Goreng Kapong today too.. Atleast some fresh xmas rice is needed jor"


Announcing SCS Blender Tools for Euro Truck Simulator 2 and other upcoming projects. Yay, mods!  distribution of wealth in the US. A grim picture, and one I bet would look similarly bad in other countries:  embryo on the wall of the Prague theater Na Zbradl truthful serves to illustrate the issue, where babies...  person followed me // automatically checked by  a horrible night's sleep. Woke up needing an ice mask to decrease the puffiness


 I'm aware I was wrong.. I was more aware when Tahiry punched me in my face while we watched the episode, smh 


I've been living for the weekend but not anymore
'Cause here comes that familiar feeling that Friday's famous for...  can go so far today fueled only on your boundless optimism... More for Aries  finally!!! Im sick of the trainers face :)) tom early morning ako eh. Shoots tom


Do you know how 2N and Vodafone cooperate in the field of M2M? Watch our new video.  is the day the Lord has made and I watch finally The Hobbit! Let us rejoice and be glad in it.


Everyday I'm travelin'  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 17


  correct IMDBid and everything, but I can't figure out a way how to get trakt to recognize all that. Had a few similar cases lately.


 It's ok...I'm happy I'm free for United game you know ;)


Russia imposed peace on Middle East. How sad, boring. .. right? No more bombings, campaigns, invasions, war crimes by western powers.


I've collected 108 gold coins!    


Colin McRae Rally: Driftet bald aufs Android-OS  via 


THE BAD SEEDS and some nick cave with them. Wonder who he is... (at  w/ 82 others)      jojojo, ty taky dobra show...! :DDDDDdddd


Three Christmassy fun lessons to get through before I fly home!!  D.S.


 haha so happy I didn't go today! Already at the Airport, bye my beloved Brussels girl!


Here you will find the slip on exhaust for your Suzuki SFV 650 Gladius:   Jawaban benar: destination unknown,  19/368997 poin


" I miss you, I stalk you. I love you, you love... him"


 Jawaban benar: the screwy truant,  17/6247 poin


Registration for  will be available shortly. Meanwhile, we have updated our website with the conference fees.  collected 24,444 gold coins!    


 Not really how I wanted it... :( Can I hear your opinion, sir?  Mattias  congratulation to the 5th place in Bormio !


 last time we were watching Titanic. Quite a long movie, you know. :D


Today I saw a photo of my cousin. He and my friend look so similar. It made me sad... They were even born in the same year. :/


23  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


 Jawaban benar: view from the vault ii,  22/327221 poin  1/366222 poin


Photo: intinerant: Never Let Me Go  Carey Mulligan, Andrew Garfield &amp; Kiera Knightley  to be fair I sit on it 14+ hrs every day, leaning back a lot, the mechanism is really good for your back too (no springs)


SoundCloud Reinvents Movie Trailers With 'Book Thief' Clip  beg and plead, c ause when your eyes light up the skies at night,i know you're gonna find your way back to me..
 mark ano gusto mong ipabili sakin krispy kreme o j.co?
Ako: gonuts donuts gusto ko..


There has never been or ever will there be a woman greater than Bey


"  wade won a ring in his 3rd year" yea with Shaq, a legend. Yrs in don't determine a ship


jose mourinhi eden hazrd jose mourinho ede hazard jose mourinho wden hazard


Just in: I have no unfollowers and 1 new follower in the past day. Breaking news via  bypassed, problem fixed. Now hunt another bug :) I should make those short how to videos that are scheduled for months  


TTP used to attack NATO containers&amp;PTI workers do the same/Then whats the difference between PTI&amp;TTP?   


Have you heard November 'I Love Techno' DJ Mix 2013 by  on   you prefer cosy to sleek, you'll like the homely kitchen in an 18th-century farmhouse in France's ever-popular...   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         196


A good place to discover czech writing for the theatre
 JanRT  Hi, my name is Jan and Im an addict. Movie addict.


Today stats: 16 followers, No unfollowers and followed 13 people via  Sleeping Dogs Collection is 80% off  and the whole game + DLC for 7 If you have time to play it, buy it! :)


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.88C ac foris 6.19C vre esse.


Was out mountain biking 35.35 km with  See it here:  can you still have this few grey hair at that age. this is beyond me.  hum nE paani ko uLLu bana Dia

Friend:
wo kaise???

Pathan:
yara!
Subha hum nay Pani Garam kia
Or
thanday pani sey naha LEya..


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?    67


 hahaha not under my skin, just the typical american with 3 italian words under his belt congrats


Yeni yl hepinize salk, huzur ve ak getirsin.. 
:) 


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?    1


Well Ohio state....... Answering all of these questions for us right now.... 


Wait there are travel dating websites? My lifelong problem is solved!


Today's sunset. :)           Are you trying to out-Conan Conan? He owns Finland, you know.


Can't wait till I get home and see my little brothers    


Lb se mi video   Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face


" Someone throw shamoo back into the ocean. WOSH! Lmao" hahahahahahahaha!!!! Omg


Wow, I got my name on a candle. I'm impressed xD  candle  My Room  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 brother dies, brother arrested, house burned down, kill 20 redcoats, move houses; unbelievable


Piotr  My 2.jump was perfect.I had a little bit better conditions but t.jump itself is one of my best in these 2days in 


Kasut ada beribu. Then kena tulis semua barcode yg ada.


 1. do you have animal crossing new leaf 2. if u do can u play with me  3. pls


Whenever I see the battery of my phone it always '69%' xD


I think I'm in love with  music! :)..amazing discovery on last fm...! CC   


  Exactly. It can't hurt. :D Also note Ginny's id number and mine. I'm almost 5y in and still a greenhorn.


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


Denis Diderot~ Virtue is praised but hated. People run away from it for it is ice-cold and in this world you must keep your feet warm.


 - Map of Europe: 1000 AD to present day  via 


Tak jsem uspesne prevedl hosting i domenu k  a muzu se tesit na tricko s robotem :)


I'm pretty excited about how my links page is looking via  What do you think?  QR SABER, ENFIA ESSA PORRA DE CANAL NO SEU CU, FDP, EU PENSEI Q VC SABIA CARALHO, VAI FICAR ME JULGANDO?


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   78


I am back in gorgeous Dresden! I took a photo just like this one (same mug, jacket, glove, everything)  collected 7,177 gold coins!    


Yes we all know that the VS fashion show is on tonight! WE KNOW!! 


How awesome is it that my two favorite visionaries shared not only a name but also a lifelong friendship?  


 [irnedios] (1967) Michele Nichols, p:wheelchair c:USA poin: 8


 [eomodd ta osnwund] (1937) Clyde McClary, p:killer c:USA poin: 17


   lol. Also names od 3DP companies are getting ridiculous :-D


11 Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 21.19C ac foris 6.25C vre esse.


 happy birthday :))....you were one of the reasons of me becoming twitter person, thanks for that ;)....enjoy your b-day!!!!!


             i wish u &amp; ur family a great start into new year 2014. All the best 4 ur next projects. :)) lovely Greeting:))


 [edlnge :4 rctsici' iohcec] (1992) Kelly O'Dell, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 25


So my birthday party next Friday in Prague - should I open it more and do like a charity thing, or have it to close friends only? ...hmm


If they've been good the kids get chocolate, if they're bad they get a potato. It was chocolate all round this morning! 


Microsoft has reverted the completed "File manager" feature on UserVoice, because it was "mistakenly marked as completed". O.o


Lb se mi video  od autora   Best of Funny Cats 2013


"Breaking" News: The beaver is back (in the Innviertel) after more than 160 years...  Child Sex Gang Pimps Out a 13-Year-old English Girl With Learning Disability and Four Others  


my sister wants me to starts watching "The Originals"...why?! :))))


Today stats: 5 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 6 people via  well there my watching of the livestream ends it keeps buffering ._.


 Mary, the only woman in John's life that doesn't make him choose between her and Sherlock. Well played! Absolutly stunning!:)


 Hi Simon, if you are coming to Prague we have great offers, like up to 20% discount on AK47 shooting and more !!!!


  "outside of jewlery" what, 60% of newly mined gold goes into jewlery, and with pop explosion and rise of asia the


Spoke w/students from my English class, &amp; we've all agreed that it's not US that's the problem, but the professor and their teaching method.


"I guess they haven't unlocked this character yet..."  need to insinuate, miss me with the innuendo Ya outlooks lousy someone needs a new window


 22 years old,too old for that?! :o it's my little cousin's doll :D


This sums up my experience with Maverick so far. My favorite feature of Mac OS X is unusable.  of advice from  : 'Universal Analytics tracks people not sessions. Upgrade!'  


 Jawaban benar: the nine lives of fritz the cat,  31/360073 poin


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


Oh, oh R5 is coming! This  is running and I just want them by my side :D


I do not succeed because of money or fame, but because of that the family was proud of me!


 [tac ecsikrl] (1990) Madison, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 11


Junior Jan is playing  Storm of Melody, Ibiza Kosice Slovakia, Fri 15 Nov  01:00  sucks but no, this time I'm not the one who did any mistake and I'm not gonna be the one who talks to you first. If you want, go away...


Great lap - personal best !    push to Fernando !


 I use web and I also uses Android and iOS clients. However the login was made on web. I have use google account to log in. Thanks!


 I might not know everything about your life but as far as I know you're the strongest woman I know


Isaac Asimov's 1964 Predictions Of Life In 2014 Are Prescient  Snowboard Session for this year! BOOYAH!        charlie and the chocolate factory....sooooooo cute


I'm at Umleckoprmyslov muzeum v Praze | Museum of Decorative Arts in Prague (Praha)  checked my    from my  at nightofthejumps    in  duckodeath: Google Drive link for The Suspicions of Mr Whicher (2011) First, a moment of silence...  Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


 noooo go eat things ; 3; go eat the whole kitchen.


 ko H2o bra zvazvinhu futi mekka l think ryt now its the most booting place in Zim


 Cool fam. want you and  on a joint. Whatever u need got u as well.. 


I just ran 10,9 km  a 5'21"/km pace with Nike+.  


What is the funniest thing you have ever seen?   Pewwwwwdiepie!!  serily 480p, protoe jsou hned v mp4, kvli AppleTv, filmy 720p


Everything You Need to Know About Color in the Digital Age  No Film School  cooperation strategy of  and  did not work and brought only financial losses to both parties...  going to spend the whole day in my onesie, doing art homework, watching Disney channel


Photo: One of my favorite little things are the safaris or open air buses.    not sure if I like the new update of DW countdown. It makes me sad  ahh pangarap mo ba mag may-ari ng shipping company :D hahaha


Resource Furniture and Clei's New Transforming Micro-Apartment  via 


Fotka uivatele 1hertz  Good morning my HURTS family,nice Sunday,today Vienna 


PCB is going to spend next three days in France to attend MICE Road Show organized in cooperation with the local...  the time i want to kick that ahjussi  " The heartbreaking scene ever  RT  Squirrel died  


I like Twitter because this is the only place where are people who really understand me. That's why I love you all...


I should do my homework.... but instead I'M STILL TWEETING:  xoxo
wow, polish lovatics are so amazing *-* I'm proud!


Four Seasons Resorts Lanai Gears Up For the Holidays  rain eith this damn cold is not a good combination. Hope the weekend will be nice.


10 till Vincent. oh dear. I don't wanna watch this one with mum. I don't wanna turn into a slobbering mess next to her.  


 Opa, seguindo ento ldkhfa The Walking Dead  


 [rutudeeonbm] (2001) Suzanne Storm, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 11


 Jawaban benar: badge of the assassin,  21/52938 poin  1/91130 poin


  if i were you i will tell that if it means ruining my reputation. wiw hahahah


It ended up like.. that I'll probably be practicing the skeleton once again and I won't start for the skeleton drawing wow thanks..


        Sad, but a reminder of good and important things in life.


 [bbo &amp; yar, naje, lraenai &amp; gaidl] (1981) Gilda Radner, p:parody c:USA poin: 32


 seylle nna r:nearw a landelicer oyrst tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: lesley ann warren: a cinderella story


Concentrating on one thing at a time may be a real struggle no... More for Capricorn  warm day in  perfect for another   to   could write a book on how to ruin someone's perfect day.


Yay ma intra guro day bombs. See you tom guys. Morning po :)


Cisco IOS Software Session Initiation Protocol, DoS  i do think so, but i think most foreign accents are cute so idk


 Get some Energy drink then! :o Joke:P Get well soon ^-^


 The amount of selfies taken by drunk girls tonight will seriously be uncontrollable  


a few days off in the            i will not buy this tabakwaren. it is scratched.


    coz aint shit to...  Can't We Be Friends at Work? | The High Calling   hope so too... Still can't believe he followed me... Almost a year ago  :-)


I just added "Bestial Wolf | New Fork Promo" to Biker Group:  Stone Beads bracelet with black agate gemstone beads and owl charm   


Great chance to celebrate NYE together:  Happy New Year to All!


Jingle bells, jingle bells........

================
Xmas dress   it seems it scales correctly, but it still bugs me to see the MC clip is in wrong resolution.


so after they finished i went to say hi to them and take pic w them but matt looked ill and tired and fell asleep? lol


For sure, there is nothing better then drinking beer, vine, milk, water, ayran interculturally! :)

Good night folks!


I need your team name pls?RT  It's on baba RT Thupa emetsing...RT  I can't wait for our soccer match


Biasa aja tuh RT  Jgn envy yah sm pacar aku yg itu ;;) RT  Edan RT (cont)  up 4 times before my alarm. Opening day has me feeling like a kid the night before a field trip 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 6.06C vre esse.


yay, I totally didn't see that coming!  Three Sixty  A Perfect Circle  


 Jawaban benar: eli parker is getting married?,  30/356948 poin


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  week on twitter: One new follower, One new unfollower via  Yes! Thank you, mailponies!     [utcno of oetmn osrcti] (1964) Michael Robbins c:UK poin: 21


Vote BelAmi Gay Site Of The Year at the 2014  Awards  


 well you are the one who knows that :D now it's all of us :) but anyways no one is supposed to know that it's my dad :D


I just backed Michron: Timelapse for Everyone on   Have the spiked-shell in Mario Kart? Game over. 


Great movie about a great guy! RIP   


one person followed me // automatically checked by  handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Wheres Waldo? Thats Easy. A Foolproof Strategy for Locating the Stripe-Loving Cartoon Man. -  p sure my phone just died in the sense of not updating messages like twitter and stuff


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Just began a running workout using  Follow me live:  morning. Current condition is Cloudy and the temperature is 7 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at December 10, 2013 at 07:48AM.{Aut...


GRAND OPENING ..OF ALL NEW VIP LOUNGE IN MS!!!!! Marcus Filming on da visuals!!!     ugh.. can't access the page for some reason... and it doesn't show up in the news section for me...


NimbleTV Launches Streaming Cable but Legal Questions Await  personally going to leverage company's internal course "Finance for non-Finance people" looking forward to it! 


Lb se mi video   Thompson Twins - Lay Your Hands On Me


Eight tech giants have sided with citizens over spies, but it's not enough | Jeff Jarvis | Comment is free | th...  Oh guuurl no you did not just track my footprints!  


This is a picture of  visiting  1997,right after the war, 1st of his two charity visits  [harsc i:dnocbato epadwr] (1998) William Hootkins, p:sequel c:USA poin: 23


Just completed a 8.04 km skate with  Check it out!  


Jump into new year :) x   Massive Robot Could Soon Join Marines on the Battlefield - Defense One -  BaCl2 -&gt; Ba2+ + 2Cl-  czyli na dwa aniony chloru I 1 kation baru


 [het utcnitg rmoo] (2009) Paula Sawyer, p:editor c:USA poin: 16


Don't want to bother you, but could you answer this question? 
I defenitely will not sell it! 


  Given that Facebook shows less and less of shareable content? No surprise. They are heading in troublesome waters


 hi! Do you by any chance know how to break a long clip with markers to "subclips" (fav clips) in  Thanks!


 sorry, alle rozesmalo me to:D i will fuck you at school and you have to wait:D* love you, bitch*


ISA tour of the school was thoroughly enjoyable... must say, the best 'buzz' I felt was in the student-active Tech Lab. I want one 


Right me when I'm wrong. Hold me when I'm scared 


 Is there a plan to add component support to PCLs?


 yeah, next time i travel, ill definitely ask if youre there :-)


 nice nice mashups ! You got One Supporter ! Best wolf


Just peRFect :))  RT  Roger Federer's Christmas tree.  HOW DID YOU KNOW ._. I think KPS is taller than you? Idk. Btw remember when we went to KLCC? where did you buy the lasagna?


'Love Actually 2' Proves the Original Was Perfect  wow so armaan buddha is in da finals who disrespected every women and   is supportin him.  Bb7 team should also be arrested


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Cover: Santa Claus is coming to town by Linda Jung


 sims isn't that bad but Minecraft is more fun :P


Thu, 21 Nov 2013, let us all send Kim Dong-wan the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


This Is What Alcohol Looks Like Under a Microscope  my mutilated lips burn because of sourness of this damn fruit.


Before watching  tutorials: "Pff, what could I learn more..."
After watching them: (my actual face the whole time) o


66  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Emergency Preparedness Checklist | Liberty Mutual:  via 


Accepting Applications: Media Planner in Prague, Czech Republic  


In memory of Peggy Mount who was born on May 2nd, 1915 and died on November 13th, 2001.


 Danke :)
       -- A l w a y s --
Castle/Beckett  


 ha, you're probably right, though the Heat pick would probably be useless, anyhow. even for DA.


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


103 Compelling Social Media And Marketing Statistics For 2013 (and 2014)

 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



Fosters tastes like cold piss water, give me a Staroparman 1litre


Innovative_Bibliotheken is out!  Stories via   


Swiss vote on proposal to limit top managers' pay to 12 times that of lowest-paid workers | Fox News  via 


 Jawaban benar: three chumps ahead,  18/331119 poin


It can now snow - a nice scarf and bobble arrived in the post today.   well maybe you will prefer the sin love stories)) everyone around me says it's just dreadful writing


Basically why driving is impossible    cant even find a place to start how do i chose between my head and heart?!


Aww, that face, she's adorable! "    Jawaban benar: won in the clouds,  17/346695 poin


 Jawaban benar: man in the moon,  15/336866 poin


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Just because I don't have a prince, doesn't mean I'm not a princess.


Just completed a 8.54 km walk with  Check it out!  


" Damn, look at this sequence. Handled it like the true boss that she is.  she need to act secure


It is all about starting small, making little steps   [ in my opinion]


 nak elak mulut berbau? Brush your teeth la. Haha. Ok. Ok.


            you a good fit for this job? Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


Perfection has a name  Ian Somerhalder    VOTE for him,Ian deserves it!!!!!!  100,000 unique survivors have entered Chernarus in less than sixteen hours.


Photo: I Need More Sleep | via Tumblr on We Heart It....  liked a  video from   Acme - Eat my shit feat. Trusty


The only relationship that is ever going to be meaningful is the relationship you have with yourself.


I've earned a new achievement: `Farmer`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


How To Take an amazing selfie  via  / jaja facilisimo!


I greet all my  followers, wish a nice Friday  ff and a nice weekend for everyone in the TL 
 Activity: Proklet:  na strnkach 


so, what's the best home exchange website out there? anyone have some great experiences to share? nightmares? i'm...  just unlocked Part Four of the Teen Wolf trailer! See it before anyone else:  you like to make a run for it, would you like to take my hand?


 [nieakbgr eht nihac] (2009) Todd Faulkner, p:science c:USA poin: 18


I've collected 21,120 gold coins!    


Photo: This place was as awesome as it sounds!  Tortola    don't leave the door open, it's cold outside


My new bff :)  -for sure better than      you so much for coming &amp; caring. It seriously means so much.  is key. Do you know the best foods for your body?  feel most secure when you know that the foundations of you... More for Capricorn  Vrba says goodbye to Plze in tears. Incredible five years from the manager.


I feel like I always word things wrong and I end up sounding like a total idiot.


Urrrrgh ... I really hate the coffee we have at home! Tastes too smoky and I don't know why ...


Final Word: Billionaires serving billionaires. Leave pindlerv Mln to the Martin Romans of the world.  


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  hahah yes it's me. Though this was done for a carnival we've had, normally I look like much much worse. But thank you xx


 So you use  Are you happy with it and would you recommend it? // 


Extrajoooosss RT  Tajooosss " Setooooss RT  Citoooosss " Metooosss RT 


Matt was Eleventh, Peter is the Twelfth Doctor. screw number of regenerations or which incarnation called himself what. screw all that.


 SORRYYY. bit out of it. only just seen what ive been doing. LOL


Happy Birthday to Anna!! &lt;3 love you always darling!!  Kvilda  morning. Current condition is Fog and the temperature is 4 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 18, 2013 at 07:18AM.{Automa...


Sipping cappuccinos in Prague   Beranek cafe  aoopevxr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: operavox


16  Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Nike Blazers on the way      than 200 people from our Discipleship training Schools this fall are heading on outreach! Check out a little...  not help but notice -- West spends Millions to save a man, but not a Cent goes to the ravished and desperate people in Somalia.


Build your down line for hundreds of free hits to your sites  to jsou pouci :) Ylvis - Stonehenge [Official music video HD]  via 


Photo: valsez: Vase of Flowers and Conch Shell (detail), Anne Vallayer-Coster, 1780.  PNG Fallbacks for  Files without JavaScript - Signal Tower  1, Star poledne  Sat. 14 DEC, Song  7TH  SEAL  LP  Reflections  1967  Make your bed


 We have no plans yet but if you could visit we would make some!


I've collected 27,584 gold coins!    


OH. MY. GOD. This is hilarious!!! Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball (Chatroulette Version):  via 


 [ym lngo sntidcae etiniprasolh] (2008) Sunday Burke, p:college c:USA poin: 29


"After saving up for months I was finally able to buy my 9 year old arthritic Shepherd a huge postur   it's actually not egoism, I just learned to love myself, and I think that I'm the first person who should love me


That is fracking amazing! Sitting on opposite side of planet, watching live feed of private rocket launch. GO  thank you 


The Rococo Zwinger consists of elaborate pavilions built for court entertainment in    mind is going crazy,  im tyerd.... This is gonna be a long and tough night.......


 you lost the ability to write grammatically correct sentences in any language. that's what's happened, genius.


This VPN service unblocks Facebook, Twitter and Youtube wherever you are:       


14  Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Amnesty Int'l: Al-Qaeda in  kidnaps, tortures, executes prisoners in secret jails
 
Video


just in case you have missed the new full stuff!!   


Support to Ethiopia and The Live Aid in 1985 
(Live Aid was a dual-venue concert held on 13 July 1985. The event...  out Rockers Weve Lost in 2013: Eyehategods Joey LaCaze  


  lll o.  Czech  loves you.      lll o.


tipy na blbuvzdorne eshopy s najednoduchsim checkoutom s co najmenej krokmi a klikmi?????      ?


 but Nokia with Symbian is problem, messages cannot be transfered to Lumia :( 


My new phone playlist the smoothest of all time by far.


       Candy Crush Saga.  Did you mean :00 or :05? We stopped the last at :55.


I'll cry because I want Ben to hold me and tell me everything's gonna be okay


New show on Robert Fludd. Christian, neo-platonist, hermeticist, paracelcian physician.. aw, just go listen:...  we're number 1 in Oklahoma and that's what really matters today


 Are you interested in sponsoring Bulgarian Web Summit?


 omg how much cute you can be?????? i love you so much cait thanks so much, u are the best x


I hate it when a girl is insecure like ill do my best but you gotta believe in yourself, that's on you. 


I feel sorry because I couldn't attend my cousin's wedding ceremony :(


5 new unfollowers and 1 new follower (hello! hello!) in the last day. Via  da raquel moura The Walking Dead  


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


I just joined  Christmas Illuminated contest to win a SteelSeries Sensei Fnatic Mouse. You can too:   3 days now without problems. Quite happy and won't go back


This is a reminder for:

Title: Sunday Service
TanzZentrum


Morning tenis, rest after lunch, futsal evening, What else...?


l guess ozil will be crying after the bayen games kwaaaaaaaa


 follow us to show ur hate for da bitch ,despo insecure and brainless tanisha and we will follow back


Google PPC ads are becoming more like search results  via 


'Miserable Men' Instagram Shows the Sad Side of Holiday Shopping  Was ist  - YouTube      


wondering how my dad wants to make it to my mum's work before midnight when it's already almost 11:40 and he still isn't there to pick me up


I've earned a new achievement: `Barkeep`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 I will not tell you now. What do you want to know?? Tell me:):):):)


"Apple wins patents for wireless charging system &amp; new Mac Pro" -  Ja jsem nemela cas ho upect a mamce se s tim nechtelo matlat. Aspon nebudem tlusty. :-)


"Do you want to buy it from me?" MT  Fascinating  piece on North Korea's meth trade  Always. And thank you too. Have a nice sunday ;)


 [yehu goln] (1985) Russell Long, p:louisiana c:USA poin: 9


What do you guys think about Jump aronud accoustic version?   ?


  LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +bb


 you see what i did there? I replaces "thats" with "dats" and the i in "life" i made it into a y.


I am fully awake already but my bed turned into the most comfy one ever. This will take a while.


I was wondering if you'd like to have coffee?
Black, two sugars please, I'll be upstairs.


We've all done it. In a rush and didn't stop to get any cash. Well don't stress you can now pay for your cheekie girls spray tan via Paypal.


In memory of George Stevens who was born on December 18th, 1904 and died on March 8th, 1975.


 Jawaban benar: chang: a drama of the wilderness,  32/323943 poin


The Real Reason the Middle Class Is Dead | Alternet  Necktie does not make you middle-class.  Organize &amp; Unionize.


Walgreens Taps TaskRabbit to Deliver Cold Medicine to Shut-Ins  the public sector wants superstars then it needs to pay top dollar: Talk about history repeating itself! As...  good to hear hun :) yeah same here. Really cant wait to sleep a little longer and spend time with the good things in life lol


 reads like Catullus, but my spanish is horrible


Jiri Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via   


Trenink s lskou  ( Tatra Bowling Hotel - Restaurant)  I do not think that you mitbekommst my picture. My luck I still try.  Greg calm down. The car is not responsible for it! :D


 Jawaban benar: while new york sleeps,  21/2343 poin


my wife doesn't even know the name Charles Manson, its kind of strange 


 Jawaban benar: tim tyler's luck,  16/330414 poin


SSCC Ain Najm,Grade 6, Beiruting - Events - Flash Mob Dance Show  via 


How much would It be for you to rape me, you beautiful woman???


He never said direct remarks about hate or threats he just said what he believed in and that should be defended. 


Video: Kris Evans &amp; Vadim Farrell Tag Team Julien &amp; Erik right now at     You look like a perfect boyfriend sitting like that with a guitar :'3 I wish you played for me... &lt;3


3 Slovak films are now available online at  - Nov ivot, Krehk identita and akujem, dobre.  your app on servicenow platform and go mobile instantly Business Mobilization:  


 Quite astonishingly, the arenas are full for Czech games and att at the other games are not bad either. Played in Brno and Ostrava.


  I'm in!  Think I can hide that in my expense repprt? ;)


Z rideru ENABLERS:   
"IF possible a pint or liter of cold vodkanothing Russian please, the gov't is homophobic."


Go cop that Walmart Swag I guess....   sold out at Target. Ima try back next week...  


 anww baby and we have the best idols in the world! we love you and really deserve it!


 [eth tcrnamhe of enivce] (1908) William V. Ranous, p:merchant c:USA poin: 22


 mine dispatched on monday and it's still not here so :D


Simple says which is single is fucking more happy compare to in a relationship I see. For me.


 medium skintone and I can't find how to mix it so I'm asking the pro TT


I gotta go to my dad tomorrow. I dont want to. It's always terrible, but i can do nothing with it.


Josh Gordon the best supplemental draft pick in recent history.  Im sure plenty of teams would bite now if they knew he balled like this.


but hey, only half an hour left so I can't give up on it now.


I've collected 12,800 gold coins!    


Today stats: 2 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  at Philip Island 
     2013  209: 07.  &amp;  - RAMelia (Tribute To Amelia) (Original Mix)  


Green tea. Boosts your metabolism, seriously hydrating, clears up your skin, contains antioxidants, all with zero calories.


Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and 4 unfollowers via    Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 10C and a low of 6C.


 he love his wife and we most respect his love


Let's play Homeworld - "Credits":  prostednictvm 


Microsofta jeho anime fetish pro Singapur.  Hmm, zajmav!  collected 54,292 gold coins!    


Thu, 05 Dec 2013, let us all send Wadysaw Szpilman the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (102)


truest statement ever! RT  there's a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are


 is it intended that the  web app does not work for Windows Phone users? Is there an app coming up?


so 1st event with  is over and tomorrow we have another one:   


Alien technology plus human stupidity, trust me, its unbeatable. 


haha yeah.... think I might get messed up for like all of the holidays.   this is the life man.


TL aku ni. yang pompuan RT gambar sport shoes. yg si laki RT gambar high heels. -.-


My team has won on ' Korea - Firehouse'! Join us!    


 [ym heorrtb] (2006) Nicholas O'Leava, p:disability c:USA poin: 10


 the Dalek next to me says he will only let me go if you tell him how much you love your fans (how rude, I know!!


 [het eltbat ta hacpea sspa] (1952) Jeff Chandler, p:sequel c:USA poin: 25


  vim o lidech co by meli klubovou vernostni kartu)))))))))


Roti feveret ada hari ni. I bought 3. Tak termasuk roti lain. Bye


   The Fed will taper asset purchases to a monthly rate of $75 billion from the current $85 billion pace.


 some pretty solid level music-wise...i am happy fan &lt;3


I want too.. RT  The fishing fans get a visit from  post match   might choose to leave your personal worries behind by atte... More for Virgo  at the fact that I somehow turned on the rear windshield wipers on the rental, and spent 10 minutes trying to turn them off! 


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Glitch to get Under Stormwind [5.4] World of Warcraft


MoFuckers Neva Loved Us     Remember Mofucker Neva Loved Us


Comparison: Sunday 3rd November vs Friday 13th December   Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


 [sopusscuii nmsdi] (1997) Minor Mustain, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 16


Moto X Ad - WIRED Interactive Print Ad:  via  Once this would have been named 


Muslim checkout staff can refuse to sell pork and alcohol, says M&amp;S. This will backfire: If Muslim or Jewish c...  A new one with YouTube and Twitter coming Tuesday!!! Hope you publish it again!


 The scenes in strip bar are so good. And yes i love them all too. &lt;3


Listening  audio books, wondering that Prof. Dumbledore wasn't very good recruiter considering dark arts defense profs. 


How Tory policies are made: a guide for the perplexed: I'm often asked how the No 10 Policy Unit works. So, he...  either care too much or not at all there's no in between


Da homie Marcus Filming covering Marlous Porter NEW YEARS EVE 2014!!!!       Glass Is So Helpful It Could Reveal How Awful Your Life Is  quickly dismissed an idea to give guerilla leader callsign 'Fox' - everybody would constantly ask what does he say. 


To all these men spending more than 3 hours a week in the gym...Are men becoming too metrosexual to be sexy?  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


 or there was one who's mother was ........... I don't even know how to put it


Thank you all for awesome response! Want to see more screenshots? OK! Here is the deal - when we reach 4000...  ym orrhtbe ltksa to ohsers tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: my brother talks to horses


 [fi i tgeorf ouy] (1940) Kay Kyser, p:tribute c:USA poin: 15


It's scary that a single person has the ability to melt my heart so completely with 5 words 


What a split :-) would somebody do this with SKODA cars?  


 sky is the limit my love!!!  I freaking love you!


Tomorrow is the date when the Prague Christmas Market starts! Make sure you will be at Old Town Square at 17.00 to see the light show.


We've got     &amp;  -  fans would make a fun dinner party!  


I wish everyone a healthy year. Everything else is rather up to you.


Foto: this is a cute &amp; cool pic were info pls!?     sure, I prefer CL anyway (the same for git) but it is nice to see they have added this.


 ieslf nait' muahn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: flies ain't human


you really only talk to me when you need something and you think I don't notice lol


 can you help me? Do you know where to buy new rubber zoom ring for 24-70II? My ring expanded after few months.


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


 [splaiec ecefs:ft nnitygah cna hnpaep] (1996) Volker Engel, p:imax c:USA poin: 36


02.02.2014 00:00 - 08.02.2014 00:00

The winter ball season in Prague is in full swing  and the highlight is...  memory of Vilgot Sjman who was born on December 2nd, 1924 and died on April 9th, 2006.


  And I will have no fun with you again... -.-


Should all human beings support all human beings? Should designers support other designers?


 311. Didn't use the prompt though, there are no races in my novel ;).


J jsem nejlep!  vem. :-*
I'm the Greatest by Ringo Star:  Its been almost a year since I saw this film. One of the most powerful cinema experiences of my...  won't be better next time. It's like a roller coaster. One day it's okay the next it is horrible ..


I wish I could watch  so badly. But I can't. Thanks, Lucasfilm.


IS Amsterdam- impressive. Love the focus on making - design tech, robotics, app building, food tech, amazing art.  


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Classification essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


We cant go out if you dont like the music i like we cant even ride in the same car


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


 yikpn, yemlar &amp; eht irabn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: pinky, elmyra &amp; the brain


 [ntgo ucih ho ognf uni] (1984) To Gang c:Hong Kong poin: 21


 [fydaf lidyl] (1948) Mel Blanc, p:dentures c:USA poin: 11


 kwaaaaaaaa looking for him too l hope he is busy somewhere doing stupid things


me.. and what.. you want to have a good grade? you cut few minutes from calling with someone and fucking study otherwise you keep getting


Kimse kusura bakmasn ama bu terbiyesiz bir manet ..Yok artk ya  PR stunt from Rebicek there, will be interesting to see how much impact  will have. Played just 189 minutes for PAOK this season.


     damn even, i decided to acctually work lol. im behind w invoicing so im


I can't believe how many people STILL think that Rumple is dead 


If you could travel anywhere in Africa, where would it be?  Zimbabwe  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 0.75C vre esse.


 Last year, beer was between 25 and 30 CZK just outside in the small hut. This is something around 1 euro and yes, thats awesome.


plne skvel povanie na neden dnk. ///  That's The Way I Like It - Sexy Sadie:  via 


The Mind of the Shooter...A story about the vices and virtues of hunting...In the  Niall Fink   tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


Why is it not called  /  when carried out by the  ?    


 Meanwhile, you can probably use google now to set a timer.


 I've been checking you out on twitter man. Show me the ropes


" BIGBANG Season's Greeting Teaser Seungri: Chic Romance?  omg y you so sexy  what? :D Yeah I have gf.. is it so unbelievable? :D   


     yes! We did it! 2nd place for Ronnie!!! 


All my important plans regarding friends only have a chance of happening in about 2-3 years and that's an aweful lot of time


Just one week to go until Prague Christmas Markets open!  would like to thank dear speakers of conference  as well, including    


When You Are
Content To Be
Simply Yourself
And Dont Compare Or Compete
Everybody Will
Respect You.


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 [sarapheed] (1978) Stafford Gordon, p:army c:UK poin: 9


 I heard! 17 kilos! Did you guys send me Kansas lead?


 5400? I'm sure that's going to help loading times if the games are as big as they say.


cant believe it but Iago Aspas finally with first LFC goal. gerin


 *hehehehehe* Well, you know - we all need some  every once in a while ;D


i want a shirt that says eat or die because at first it sounds rebellious but its just a reminder


 Makes me powerfully, painfully aware of the weight of what comes out of my mouth (or pen, or laptop). That's good, but scary.


12,207,120 points on "The Frying Pan"! What can I say? I'm as smart as I am pretty.  saw the goth guy again today. :3 He made me happy, but than I saw his girlfriend. -_-


Did you know? We helped several projects competing in local Czech part of 48Hour Film Project contest recently.  revives the aim to offer physical payment card as a part of google wallet and gather the transactional data  Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


 Jawaban benar: punk can take it,  16/322963 poin


What is your opinion about same gender relationships?  I am fine so fine with it nyaha.. I mean like who care i...  hte salt odgo emit tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the last good time


 I must be really horny. My balls just growled.  Might wn get that looked at, chap! That's not normal!


Togther with Prague TV and the Prague Daily Monitor we trying a new way to get you a weekly update without...  Ammann is today ... will he make the victory at the 4 Hills?  16:30 we are going to live-tweet (in English) our event."  and  Are you comming or will you follow here? :-)


 I am raising my hand to let it fall down on the retweet button.


Ber  adalah,forget all bad in the past,ikhlaskan and greeting the future,make sure bright future


Beauty pass from a Mason Raymond! Holland with a goal 2-2  


  Google couldn't find a pub called Hippo, but stumbled across Hrocha after visiting the castle. Lots of hippos :)


 I'm in! How can I help? I'm willing to pretend to get you coffee while photocopying your script and selling it in chunks!


 you are the queen you are the best singer all around the world 
I love you 


Whilst their pay is cut  Environment Secretary Owen Paterson says if emergency teams needed armed forces will be available to help


CallForPapers: Gendering Cities: Designing Sustainable Urban Enviroments 4All. Deadline: 15th June 2014: genderingcities.arquitectura


 Well, I have time but no one else ever seems to xD Even when online most people just never reply :&lt;


God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are. Billy Graham  Read more at  wonder what will cheer me up &amp; make me less grumpy &amp; generally pissed off. hm?


To go! and another  Harry Potter's secret formula  Bedfellows - The 12 Rapes of Christmas (EP  via 


Going all retro again...   Rusty Cage  Soundgarden  


I'm at Prask hrad | Prague Castle (Praha) w/ 2 others   youve should started  project for that!


"Yes Boo, I agree. This group could do with a swift kick in the morals."
 -Minsc, Baldur's Gate


 No but I heard a lot about it and it sounds very interesting.


You take your own plans very seriously today and you expect ev... More for Gemini  collected 3,385 gold coins!    


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 Jawaban benar: the man of destiny,  18/5435 poin


My ring tone is now the Pia Colada song, and my text tone now shouts "Roxxannne". So where's this award for winning at life?


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  all the mess going on in the world today, Christians can't afford to be quiet, we've "been quiet" long enough


Would love to join the tiny chat today but not sure if it works for Android. Don't you guys know if there's any app???


 [othrem geoso crko ''n yhmre] (1990) Eddie Gilroy, p:rhyme c:USA poin: 27


 [sosean fo teh lltro] (2001) Michael Brenchley, p:drag-queen c:USA poin: 19


a fightertree just attacked my family: since fighting-dogs are frowned upon, neigbours buy them as status symbols.   Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany Fan:)


 [hr erggli ajg] (2004) Jovanna Stolt c:UK poin: 15


Hom many RT's for this amazing picture of Ian??:)

Ian Somerhalder    i want you! ':'( can you help me for my follow from chachi please ? I love her so much " :( &lt;3


This is how would our world look like if the time of PC as a monoculture wasn't over :-) (picture taken today at the [emn of oaitcn] (1935) LeRoy Mason, p:dynamite c:USA poin: 13


Dubai's Emaar in global sales push for new project  jesysunicorn } your  is absolutely perfect haha, youre amazing x


The very last sun of this year  Senovn nmst  framed  Glass star necklace   


I just voted for Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


"     zae to cool to b n tha pic lol" suck my cock


hay twitter what is with the direct Messages? why I cant send them?


Facts you need to know before going on a cleanse  2013 is the first calendar year when tablets sales outnumbered PC sales - now we see how dramatic is the impact  in peace Tiger, we will never forget you  few hours more and we will meet December uhh i swear November lasted like 5 minutes.


Like the fact that he despised animal cruelty, this is just unbelievable.   


Feeling so happppyyyy :) even though I'm gonna sleep only 6-7 hrs!  ? ABSOLUTELY.


Great minds are always feared by lesser minds. 


The high of filling in and sending off a big application - feels good man


 last one starts in an hour, then only one more in Friday


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Added a new video: "Rene Trossman Band - Greasy Gravy - April, 2008 - U Maleho Glen..."...  at the figure on Wickham. Goode hasn't really done it for me yet but he does look good in this fashion. hi there 


 I get you. :) I'm not a fan of Justin Bieber, but I don't critisize or hate on him either. I respect he has his fans.


A new favorite: DISCO DICE - GOOD TIME 2k12 by   on 


Main kmn yang?ke terminal?=))))))RT  Wkwk mau main ga yang?=)))))))RT (cont)  stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  aq memank oenyeo dari brojol babih (  ) muntah sejam 3ribu eaps


My mom is okay with paying for expensive breast enhancement (not kidding) but she has a problem lending me change for a bus ticket.


Ronaldinho booted out of the Club World Cup by Raja Casablanca players  via 


Overheard: Me: Mom...Dad. I've decided to live on my own from now on. Parents: Ok, cool. Me: Your luggage is...   I only had one and did not share because I am a big mean meanie pants


Cooper T53 R. Penske No. 6 US GP 1961  


Drew AA twice in 50 hands, opponents too lucky, I don't even. -50 bb


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


 I love slipping Mean Girls quotes into real life! Never too old for late night tv! D.S.


 Today: Simbach Am Inn, Germany - Dec 25 at aaachterbahn  Jawaban benar: the inherited,  13/321647 poin  1/364496 poin


 check this out i just think its good to see this


Search Engine Land's Most-Shared Stories for  How To Survive Google, Plus A Joke Here &amp; There  via 


 Jawaban benar: sullivan's travels,  18/16074 poin


Imagine Adebayor in an United top. Sweet baby Jesus. 


A great coffee and cakes in Bio Zahrada on the Peace Square.    Jawaban benar: the full treatment,  18/332769 poin


Lb se mi video   Steve Aoki Birthday Bash 2012 Robots


Congratulations for you guys
      
Good job!! xoxo :D


aaha destilace s filtran aparaturou..:DDD ( live on  gosh!!!    this made so much laughing !!Hahaha you're crazy but i love you and the song!


Happy New Year Ian Somerhalder&lt;3 My superhero,my whole world!!!  photography, macro - FLOWERS photograph, natural, orange flowers, home decor, wall decor, fine art print,...  These Times Shall Pass | via Tumblr on We Heart It...  but very sad if it is true : Philip Zimbardo: The demise of guys?  wala tayong magagawa sa kagandahan, ginawa sila ng magulang nila ih.. :D


 sees a historic increase in popularity -  n sayang hanya pada awak tapi awak mcm dah bosan dgn saya . Why abang?why??!


Read  as a mental&amp;linguistic preparation for our january visit. (Pity that  role is so small, though strenuous:).


 Teacher: How much is a gram? 
Me: Shit, Depends on what you want..


Just posted a photo  Old Town Square Hotel and Residence  was so nice meeting you Uglina"--&gt;  I swear this happened HAPPY NEW YEAR


 I dnt know why but when i subscribed here just to try I was thinking i could find u here, and here u go, my old lost friend :)


" Goofy goober peanut party underpants. lol" no.


 need more programs focused on engaging students in the creative spaces of themselves. Well done


I'm pretty sure I still haven't finished all quests on Digimon Dusk and I've been playing forever


How I made this photo happen?? Check this short making of video!! Fanda TV year calendar 2014 is for sell right...  at Crossfit Committed (Prague, Czech Republic)  Great, wish I had "those" customers. Mine are really "conservative"...


36  Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


  it's so embarassing how they can be so blatantly propogandist!


 I'm ok :) missing hone too much, but thats another story, i shall wait for the call....


 [neoc unpo a fceofe ohseu] (1965) Carl Yale c:USA poin: 24


 flavored marshmallows! Yes please.  via 


I dont know how these rastas sell coconuts and make a living but they do.


 GREAT dominatrixes        


MY ENEMY - MY FRIEND. Cooperation of activists from  and  in the liberation of prisoners of war.   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           143


 [hte ecmttimeo] (1968) Robert Langdon Lloyd, p:hitchhiker c:UK poin: 13


  guuuuys, I'm dying here xD I think I'll even have dreams about you


 ~ Jenkins developer accidentally do "git push --force" to over 150 repos on github  :)


An ever watchful eye?: K-P to launch Peshawar Safe City Project  via 


 [oghur tcu] (1980) Roland Culver, p:jewel c:USA poin: 9


 At 6.30pm, one hour before The Time of the Doctor, well be tweeting a special message from Steven Moffat Ooh, curious! ;)


" Don't let this Book of the Law depart from your mouth; meditate on it day and night. -Joshua 1:8"


It's beginning to a look like the holidays! Celebrate the season with us at Hilton    Several other gms with really restricted options getting done. Just sayin. Hayes &amp; Olsen seem like Jack Skille all over again.


  please i need you to follow me is my dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed 3 people via  Navidad *** Joyeux Nol *** Merry Xmas *** Frohe Weihnachten! Where &amp; how do you celebrate? I think I got...          Much love from Prague.x


 Also restriction of articulation per instrument is shortsighted. Modern notation uses much more articulation marks. 


I have so much planned for tomorrow... Guaranteed none gets done..


Apparently there's a bit of weather in Stoke tonight.


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

808


 keep that puck and add many others next to it.


 Official Theatrical Trailer HD ft  ,    YouTube  "Emotional Weekly Statistics". 22 new followers :) :) :) and 18 unfollowers :( :( :(. Via  [eww cvtoliey] (2002) Hiroko Suzuki, p:wrestling c:USA poin: 12


I liked a  video  GTA ONLINE [HD+]  - GTA Mario Kart (Xmas Edition)  Let's Play GTA Online


Reebs made my day, even tho her ass all the way in the APO! 


A TD pass for the  What happened?  They're just teasing us aren't they?


And here I thought vampires can't see themselves in the mirror. 


 tfaywl rwetos tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fawlty towers


 Yup, still running, so Im hopeful that it will continue to from now on.


The 20 most popular TED Talks, as of this moment  and a nail, making my way down to the little white church.. Is that how the songs go?


12:09 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/ST-024 (Brdo, 603m, 4pt) 24.906 cw: [via SpotSMS] [OK1MLP]


The Parov Stelar (official) tour movie will be out on December 13. 
Check out the trailer!  okay okay, that's mission accomplished for me then lol :-P xxx


 na dneek: Fatboy Slim - Slash Dot Dash:  pes 


  LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +gg


Dorninger yesterday at Frosine  talking about   and other stuff! Listen (without) here:  Pacman rozbil Riose. Kdo dl: Floyd, Bradley, nebo Provodnikov?  tenho preguia de estudar isso The Walking Dead  


one person followed me // automatically checked by  so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x43


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               473


Pretty sure I just get raped by a year 7 girl.. 


year has passed and nothing unexpected and extraordinary has happened in my life...I live through my favorite series


jangan grogi mtan sm gue oppa'-' "   gara2 shift gue lg error nih. sorry sorry   Uruguay deserves a Nobel peace prize for legalising cannabis | Simon Jenkins  aw i certainly plan to visit london again...and yeah we had excellent places just behind the pit.we had so much space and


I'm beginning to understand music theory! (But it's still pretty messed up concept :)). Thanks   


 ohw to ufck ni ihhg lhese tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: how to fuck in high heels


C000 (cif nolplu..) | periodo is C800 16uma tempo 17:15ut  ze mne poslouchate! :) I'm number 1 on the ReverbNation Jazz charts for CZ.  Do you think they'll show him also in the next episodes? :3 I mean they should, shouldn't they? :3


Lb se mi video   I Still Believe - Frank Turner - Official Video


Ex-PM admits "bartering" amnesty for Klauss signature on bill: Prague - Former Czech PM Petr Necas told...  


  ya everyone lives in the buckandham perlice n we all have tea w/ the queen everyday


 I may have to put that on my  list! Thanks for the information. :) D.S.


When can you count on a hamburger in an emergency? When the chips are down!


Lets Show Space Engineers  Achilles World [HD+] Deutsch:  ber 


Emerging adulthood from psychological point of view - tomorrow at 4pm at FSS MU:  se vyplc zastavit se doma          Jawaban benar: come along with me,  18/53994 poin


Lb se mi video  od autora   Draw My Life - Boogie2988 (Aka Francis)


Enter to win Mystwalker series paperbacks and exclusive swag during  Countdown to Xmas    lain ngebuli penii, unik eta teh (y) RT    aa ngebully (cont)  loapyby iedvo pmatelay eivwer tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: playboy video playmate review


" China dismisses as absurd Spanish arrest warrants over Tibet  price duck me , he no duck you, make sense we fight, you slap me i eat hand hahahha


I have smelly hair but....

MATTY WAS SHIRTLESS!!!!!!

  


I heart carrots but I heart you more. Waaaahhhh!!!! 


I hate shopping. I hate shopping with loads of people around. 

However. 

My experience today was somewhat enjoyable. Festive Prague 


Meeeryl has a nominaatiooon!! :D   August: Osage County" Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture  Comedy Or Musical


SVG is the present &amp; future. This is fu*king great:  by author of RaphaelJS.   


Kr sp bae? RT  Enjoy the last night of 2013 ( Kedai Ya'uL)  the 12th of December,  will honor community human rights defenders, the unsung heroes and heroines in our communities 


Why launch just one new cryptocurrency when you can launch two new cryptocurrencies at the same time with the same name? :) 


 V roce 2011 Associated Press pomlcku odstranila 


Main Christmas tree of the country in Prague        Top 3  Artists: Lady Gaga (70), Helene Fischer (15) &amp; Selena Gomez &amp; the Scene (5)   Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


fucking hell.....Soundizify.com, high quality SoundCloud followers provider:  via 


14 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


I miss you. No, let me correct that, I miss the old you. I miss the old you that cared about me and the old you that would treat me so well.


When you save your face from getting hit from your phone &gt;&gt;&gt;


I warned you has a show on 2013-12-21 at 20:00  M Club in Ostrov, KARLO  


 for         you needing a tan for New Years ?? No problem book now before 2013 is done and dusted


First year with you Bruno Mars!!!! &lt;3  Home sweet home!!!!!  ends at 12mn! I need to get a massage by 1am but i have to be up by 8am... Huhuhu


Why is my mom in this bullshit as mood? She needs to relax...


Would love to try something like a postcrossing. Anyone? It could be pretty interesting!


ouvindo leiri gaga - a little guembulem is fun when u're w/ meee


 [iojn] (1980) Lavelle Roby, p:handicap c:USA poin: 4


Yeah this catch will not be topped. Go ahead and give him the Espy right now. 
 in btp he was your power hungry weird alien antagonist, he still was in origins, but taken less serious after interaction with krux


  You bet! After all these years in Prague (and on Twitter) it feels nice to be hanging with the Prague Post too... :-)


Off to The UNICEF Charity Auction with Roberto Coin! 


10 people followed me and 10 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  I agree, and cant' wait what  in  will bring us.


 I guess this stuff happens.. and then when seeing all the photos and videos it's just like.. arrows shot through your heart TT


I don't think I ever really loved you. I think I was just in love with the idea of you.


Win a trip to  courtesy of  Airfare, parties, elbow rubbing with celebs, entrepreneurs and more.  I don't know, hon, coz I'm busy bee at January :o(( Miss u 2  :o(


Gerd de Ley~ When the silent majority opens its mouth it is usually to yawn.


When you find out that your favourite actor (means Tom Hiddleston) follows on Twitter your favourite singer (means Jessie J). Hell yeah! ;)


 Maybe he needs your assisting for assisting?


In memory of Agnes Moorehead who was born on December 6th, 1900 and died on April 30th, 1974.


Democracy means power to the people. Money is power. Democracy is money to the people, not to 1% top group and global corporations.


Happy new year adek fg  . Salam buat Papa+Mama sama adek2 yaa :)


What are your plans for tomorrows New Years Eve guys?


New artwork for sale! - "Marshalling Yard Winter" -    I hugged a lesbian lol  cheated on drake


Ako'y isang simpleng lalaki na gentlemen pero bastos..


 change of icon change of the.. header thing.. *o* way to make me stay at your profile the whole day and stare at your icon&amp;header


Ducru Beaucaillou 2009 declared worlds best Cabernet blend: Ducru Beaucaillou was named the worlds best 2009...  birds are chirping. That's mean I should get off from my bed -.-


injecting my dose of positivism.     pedodletovm meetingu ( dal poveden video od Middle-earth Airlines :)  one to Christmas drawing challenge. Do you want this gift? ;-) (my OC Crimson Star)  Jawaban benar: deep under the ice,  18/2083 poin


2 daily followers. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via  remember when me and my ex were talkin about the end of the world and I believed it and he didn't 


 Please tell me that's a dragon flying away from that church tower.


Even if we're not good at doing it, hahahahahaha - 50 shades of bad experiences!!


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


 guys plz what is the name of the song that you played in Berlin and Munich and IT went something like " wuf wuf " LOL LUV IT


Lb se mi video   Madeon - Technicolor (Grandtheft Edit)


...but Capaldi reading out (acting out, even?) passages from The Prince is gonna be perfect. The Prince is a genius book. cruel but spot on.


 Jawaban benar: the girl with brains in her feet,  32/715 poin


Hard to the motherfucking core we are!
The federated army of the Pharaoh murderer squad!


 I think it's fair to say Shelvey is improving with every game. Unbelievable to think we paid only 5m for him. 


Crown weakens to Kc27.62/EUR, is lowest since March 2009: Prague - The Czech crown fell to Kc27.62/EUR b...  


"Anything that tastes good is gay"-  reacting to my French Vanilla specialty coffee 


 true :)! most perfect canon ending to a friendship really &lt;3


 Hm... not according to imdb at least. But there is this  ^^


Berlin dance floors bringing Israelis and Iranians together - Arts &amp; Leisure Israel News | Haaretz   please look at my polish version of "Podemos" and tell me what do you think about it? :)  27


 lt's really slow, my other devices are much faster in sending/receiving


The Kanzan cherry trees were just about to reach full bloom  more thing - Martinez's post-Moyes Everton has a touch of the start of Wenger's post-Graham era.


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   is announcing a new  feature with  shortly 


Lights are the most import thing on the tree so you are ready  :)


I have no desire to think today. This tweet was borderline mental exhaustion.  


 yes it is cuz u shouldnt of dropped me off in the first place like i said


The phones ringing and the only thing that could mean is a wrecker call.. They only call when we are getting in bed, asleep, eating or busy


Just waiting to see explicit version of Up Down  


No.18  2013 advent calendar - Imperial Bike Scout Trooper  Jawaban benar: whose life is it anyway?,  24/317207 poin


To Dubai   Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  to hear the track of that nigga  under my and  production. The shit's gon be perfectly wavy I swear


Buy It Like Beckham? H&amp;M Plans Interactive Super Bowl Ad  I have to say im not cheese person so my dad will take care of that piece but all the sweets r mine :-D


Are they telling me that they have the brains to figure out that it's smarter, but not the guts or the strength to live by that?


 - Alone:  via  except the original, this is the best version of Alone EVER


he plays there for fun now Was at Barnet, aldershot, Borehamwood etc Their fans were ban


 older but then in English I don't feel like that why is it so hard ._. Well in English too but not as much or.. ._.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  my goodness!! I just filled my diary w/important datings and pfuuu I'm gonna die! The graduation is next door and I'm not prepared! Help


 really loved it :-) mine wasn't that special, but I'm still happy it got to you xxx


  You can use any sound editor that can export into AAC.


 HAHA clean up la idiot.
Anw, tell ed that I'm homed.


 Natural  leathers age beautifully. Discover timeless gifts:    i guess nicole&amp;i will be tweeting less than usual since we'll both have to study a lot. much love. xoxo


 and they really just be mocking them for the most part lol


 Come on, I got like couple hundreds and I am Tumblr famous aND NOBODY CAN TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME :D


 Beautiful Charles!!!Love your work so much!(haven't told you that for a while right?:D)


    i can pick you up pero mga 1:30:)) after we have lunch in fort


   I'm laughing my head off hahahahah   and sorry!


haha yesssss I hate America more and more every day I spend here  Hi, have you noticed The Series Notifier?  Designed with iOS 7 and iPhone 5C (5 colour schemes)!


Are you kak stupid all the time or are you making a special effort today?


I've harvested 230 of food!    


I'm at Prask hrad | Prague Castle (Praha) w/ 4 others   I am just trying to figure out if Instashare brings anything new for me when I have a way how to transfer files.


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


Was out cycling 0.00 km with  See it here:  i fucking regret that i did not go to their concert in prague last year..


News: REGAINING THE CROWN - The City of Tragedy: The City of Ghosts Album zum Download online :  Yea, hacking a parser is fun. ;-) Make sure you don't use PHP's fgetcsv(). It's sooo buggy and broken "by design".


Anas Nin on Embracing the Unfamiliar | Brain Pickings  via   also see  liked a  video  Chrissy Costanza - One More Night


7 weekly followers. 10 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  deal on Slovak nuclear reactor: Slovaks end talks on Rosatom's entry into nuclear project
  postava pro crossover Kirstie a Hot in Cleveland | SerialZone.cz  // r.


Why are header-only libraries so popular these days? Compilation times must go through the roof with these.


           AMEN TO THAT!!!" After that Obama speech we can all go home right now  


I've collected 73,377 gold coins!    


I liked a  video  Lionel Messi - Top 20 Dribbles Ever (No Goals) | HD


" * initiates Gas Mode *" this guy has a roll of wolf tickets tho


You may be surprised by all the wonderful support you receive ... More for Libra  haha nice profile pic! Actually miss Burmi in Winnipeg but.. he's doing well in Kazan:))


I've collected 90 gold coins!    


 I cannot speak for the others but Czech bronies are always ready to hang out and have fun!  


 Would you like to go to the Czech Republic? It's not much of anything here  


Lb se mi video  od autora   Warhorse Studios PF 2014 Happy New Year!


I have completed the quest 'Clear the Alchemist's h...' in the  game The Tribez.   


  Did you check if the templates include "2012"-signs? :-D


I swear i be wanting to fight over oomf but she not even my bitch


New Job: Finnish E Shop Customer Support  Prague in Prague, Czech Republic  


Lockheed Martin and SSTL selected for Mars One's first unmanned mission to Mars


Din pwede ka sleepout man? Way ko yabi pucha. Way man di neighbor ko


What I've learned today: a simple "S" can make a lot of a difference! Feeling relieved now instead of worried! LOL


 There's this keychain where all you have to do is whistle and it'll beep...but i dunno how to whistle.my problem


MakerBot Raises Print Media from the Dead with Chang-rae Lees New Novel  


Every year I'm claiming myself that this would be my year, and unfortunately trials made those years  have put myself at the calmest level, and did what i could to make things better. It's okay, I'll just make my way. 6 years man. Thanks.


 and a very cuddly one with non elastic cheeks!


preparing things for xmas holiday = downloading 2PM tokyo dome dvd lol


 You might want to try KeePassX Alpha 4. It works better under OS X than KeePass with Mono. MacPass might also work, but it's alpha


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         271


What is and what isn't REST from Untangled  via 


16  RT to vote for the best tvshow

Castle   


 Unfortunately no. Right now, there's only one type/color of this "edge" thing.


 I do like those that feature potatoes tho, just not the "classic" ones. :)


 my TB-HDMI Adapter does that sometimes but it seems to vary with osx versions.


" I really don't want to go back to school. "


Live video feed in Portuguese &amp; English: "Spectrum, Society &amp; Communication" conference in Brazil (26-28 Nov 2013) -   thank u for making my last hrs at work fun bt on the real am fuckin my biach tonight


  you mean French is more beautiful than German? Agree ;-)


 you're welcome Rhonda. 
Just make the best of the situation ;-). 
I had to drive to work ... no sign of real winter here.


I just believe that you and I are supposed to be together.


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 14 DEC, Song  OTIS SPANN/FLEETWOOD MAC  LP Biggest thing since colossus 1969 My love depends on U


 [teh 21 dsog fo chasrimts] (2005) Tom Kemp, p:dog c:USA poin: 24


 Jawaban benar: eternal sunshine of the spotless mind,  37/16055 poin


 2nd speaker is Petra Kuchykov, Fakulta socilnch studi, MU, Brno. She is presenting her part about Russia.


AMEN: Anderson Cooper: Rodman is deeply stupid  via 


BOOKASSIST OPT VYHRL Worlds Leading Booking Engine Award!     29 Nov 2013, let us all send Andrew McCarthy the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (51)


  symbol of FREEDOM and HARD WORK
we could break those cuffs


 Jawaban benar: celebrity daredevils,  20/4792 poin


Google bought Boston Dynamics, authors of famous BigDog robot:  o n i g h t ::: JITTERBUG TUESDAY mit DJ Mr. Swing &gt;&gt;&gt; Musik der 20er - 40er, Lindy Hop, Charleston, Shag,...  out running 2.69 km with  See it here:  want mixed race babies but black men also. Why they gotta be so hot. Side tracking me from my goals and shit!!! Nah...


I favorited a  video  SFM Tutorial: Into the Graph Editor! - Part 4


 yup kinda :) Unfortunately I got cramps today and I've low pressure sometimes that blood is flowing from my nose sobs ;3;


I've harvested 1,048 of food!    


     will do bb, meds working slowly :-(


 I do think we need to make a move in free agency as well. Primarily in the OLine and the secondary. Thoughts?


 great you have thanksgivng, I have 3 days exams :c


 Jawaban benar: up the sandbox,  14/7346 poin  1/328681 poin  1/22253 poin


BBC sale of Lonely Planet brand weighs in at no 3: The 15 Biggest Travel Stories of 2013  by 


  ah banners are nice as well.. especially when held the whole time.. I hope this won't happen though :(


and we can fucking do this for him  James Arthur


Starting my new job as a waitress today!  in 


   it's the best thing I've seen so far


Ada Lovelace (10. 12. 1815  27. 11. 1852) mathematician and inventor of programming:     


News: FRONT CHECK - No Remorse, No Retreat Demo als Stream online :  and restoring awesome cars in  for iPhone. It's FREE!
  can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.  Teenager post | via Facebook on We Heart It   not hire polie as the damn GM of our nations teams.


I've collected 316 gold coins!    


(esk verze ne)

Its been a month and half since last post, so here are the news:

New web design is working....   bus dalta ilzamoona aura au jawaboona ma warkawa haha


Biodegradable Batteries to Power Smart Medical Devices  RT  Full moon rises over Christ the Redeemer Statue in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  a hard time pushing those memories outta my mind and when I finally turned the page to a new blank one to start all over  (c)


 Thanks. Prague is beautiful and magical. For me it is home. The moment I walked onto Old Town Squ. I knew I had found my home.


30  Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


Daily Meditation: Saturday, November 23, 2013.

"The only clairvoyance we really need every day is the kind that...  you attempt to be conscientious in everything you do ... More for Taurus  photo shooting in Rome of a sweet couple: Sandy and David was published in ISPWP journal. Thank you...  sure there are more than that--but here are 9 awesome features/extensions for  (Hg)  via 


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


90 minutes left, after a few hours in the pub my clothes reek of smoke. Happy new year to you all.


I've harvested 566 of food!    


   Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 switched off entire Adwords and 10 months on suffers negative loss! Both Organic + Direct took over with combined net lift ~50%


and maybe forgiveness will ask us to call someone we love, someone we've lost for reasons we can't quite recall... hmm, maybe this christmas


 be glad that you're done, because you would do the same thing again, and that is procrastinate till the last day.


how did I not know that  has a gig in Prague tomorrow night? *headdesk*


Favorited! Smooth - Kronos (feat. Markoman) by   on 


 3-1 
Good result &amp; fourth win in a row in all competitions! We must go on same way in next matches! 


If you ever wondered how a pony looks on the inside...  fastboot flash radio radio.img
fastboot earse system
-geht noch


Social Media Background Checks as Discrimination       the way, in case you missed it, all of Tarkovsky's films are available for free in hi-res online:  o.O RT  . to coach  in 2014. Read More:   


This Christmas Christians should honor the legacy of love &amp; respect taught by Jesus rather than support a bigoted millionaire. 


"Selfie" is the word of the year for 2013, huh? Isn't a selfie a bit narcissistic, though? People obsessed with their own face? 


 no Problem this is my Favorite track i listen to this everyday ;) this track Made my Day :) thank you for this track good work


You don't get to control online communities, you might get to curating them.  


 maybe tommorow . Flight got delayed to super late so i might not go till thursday


 Why on earth would I attack the ground to sound legit? :))) Don't get you bro...  


 Can you follow me and my friends  and  ?We are big fans from Czech Republic :)   ,


EU
2013/12/12 5:54:36 UTC+9, 
Location 155km NE of Prague_CZ, 
ML2.4, TNT60.0kg, 
Depth 2.0km


Blue, blue, electric blue
That's the color of my room

Pale blinds drawn all day
Nothing to do, nothing to say

 room, different bed. Left home, now am home!


 I love how you always take these comics seriously 


Doesnt ADD Up: Doctors behind ADHD study question drug treatment  wait.. is it that different?  waah that's really interesting 


 Jawaban benar: tokyology: pop-culture vol. 1,  29/319689 poin


Today stats: 5 followers, No unfollowers and followed 5 people via  :-o " After one day with  for   Jawaban benar: the lady takes a sailor,  23/367601 poin


Baby, you dont have to keep looking through my phone 


 [het gtiswne mgea] (1997) Terence H. Winkless c:USA poin: 16


Successful Conference Stahltag 2013       every breath you take slices at your very core of your soul and eats away at you little by little you turn the other way to a brick wal


When it comes to pork pies, Melton Mowbray is your best bet.


Kontext k policejni brutalite na technoparty v Holesovicich  Thanks. :) What are you doing up at this hour?


Is there a word for getting users who didnt start using your service back to it? Onboarding feels and seems wrong. 


 Bahaha! Men can't multi-task, didn't you know? *hee hee*


I'm at Brumik's and Fedor's Place (Praha, Czech Republik)  !!! so do i bring out your stuff tmr? reply me before 1.20pm!!


As we celebrate  lets not forget: Jesus At the Center:  via 


Sun, 29 Dec 2013, let us all send Kim Ok-bin the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (27)


 u look STUNNING in those new pictures!!! &lt;3 can i get a follow from u? tryin' so hard - please &lt;3


 " Green is my favorite color, it always has been. " I lovee all shades of green !!


   AM Clouds/PM Sun today! With a high of 6C and a low of 2C.


Fotoserie: holdingontoyoufordearlife: "Youre a very romantic man." Bones - 9x10 - The Mystery in the Meat  Jewelry Store,www(.)tiffanys365(.)com,Christmas Gift,Cheap Prices,Huge Selections,Free Shipping!


 Nicklas Bendtna, Value:6.5m, Selected by:0.0%  guess Prague is the best stuff on the list..


Ve filmu Batman vs. Superman se objev WONDER WOMAN a FLASH!  what? XD if I did see it then I don't remember. oh well. :)


I have completed the quest 'Collect income from Cor...' in the  game The Tribez.   


asked everyone to keep quiet during movie cos he cant really hear &gt; slept thru the movie. LIKE A BOSS ZHANG YIXING


They do look better than an Apple device can capture...  Someone has those models but even tho I like some sorts of NSFW (not the SFM NSFW stuff) I don't want to own them.


My room is almost as big of a disaster as my life 


" sirik teh tanda tak mampu RT De_ntis: What is the meaning sirik? " (cont)  

1) Losing
2) 6 AM Practices
3) Referees
4) Suicides
5) Dramatic Players
6) When My Season Ends
7) My Alarm Clock


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  No, sorry I didn't mean to say that you're furthering it! It's just...some people ALWAYS feel the need to reply on stuff


69  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


 He probably would, because it's way CHEAPEr than buy new robots ... HAHAHAHA :D (and that's all that matters to him)


     ohhh emails has big influence too, forgot about that


Maybe if you wouldnt have slapped my BF in the face the first night you met him.. FOR NO REASON- then maybe yall could have been friends


haven't realised until recently how similar or how not-entirely-dissimilar the terms "feasting" and "fasting" are


Have our lives now become fixated on the drive to digitally connect, while we miss out on what's real?   via 


Let's play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 68:  via 


 - Syria - ISIL/AQ takes no prisoners 01/12  via 


Prague Castle as seen from the Clementinum   Mirror Chapel, Clementinum  Jawaban benar: children of a lesser god,  24/349683 poin


MakerBot  Saks Fifth Avenue Offering 3D Printed Snowflakes to Holiday Shoppers  


Nanya woy! Ngapa ngajak ribut juga lo ini ! " "Lu nanya apa ngajak ribut woy?! meritarahma_: Kenapa woy kenapaaaa?


Hahhahahahahha my last re-tweet. Steph and her husband are sickos. but funny lil sickos!


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 60


Po 11,4 dnech normalniho pouzivani se mi restartoval mobil. A pak ze jsou nightly buildy CyanogenModu nestabilni :-) 


Photo: swamidigital: Radha Krishna: Divine love. Kota, Rajasthan, India ca. 1720. Currently in the...  out a few photos of our live show in  last friday.   


  I'm sure you have a few nominees of your own for the most outspoken MP???????


I just backed Daguerreotype &amp; Ambrotype Inspired Mirror &amp; Glass iPrints on   term "Human Resources" is definitely an old-fashioned term and need for  today is greater than ever :)  


 it's kinda easy lol cx pero I'm stuck in 2 pages xD lo


I'm starting to get that "fuck it" attitude about everything..


 so do that. I have no intention of supporting overly paranoid users blocking every single JS. No offence to person sitting aside.


Thanks for reminding me that expectations are meant to be broken


 all my Friends        


  I don't want to dig deeper into that with you. Let's spill some hate at me because I don't like HE. *yawn*


Teeeda! To je prekvapenicko. V praci na zachode vymenili davkovac na mydlo - transition z gelu na penu. Its the simple things in life :)


 Jawaban benar: we're all devo,  14/369106 poin


Well a brand new year is a brand new start remember ur past but dont  live in it, live today,now ........so happy new year to everyone


 Baby Come To Me is pretty awesome! Have the tune in my bonus mix for Depaart Radio  Cheers!


Vanocni minidil  pred spustenim nove serie. Taky krasny darek. ;-)

 did I never notice that Amy Poehler was Regina George's mother?!


   both of you niggas should go watch some porn and jack off and go to sleep lol


 tell me, why keep people do this krusty crab joke I totally dont understand it I'm sorry I just wanna know whats going on


I have completed the quest 'Build 3 Flowerbeds.' in the  game The Tribez.   


 [emmligsn] (1973) Rhonda Coullet, p:absurdism c:USA poin: 8


Photo: Loving our St Thomas house    i was like what is this girl asking that might be real...i am so embarrassed 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           420


BLOG WEEK POST: as promised this post will be delicious, but before delighting our palates, we need to produce...  the   in      Grand Caf Orient  virus returns after cure hope rose  in the two Boston patients - The Boston Globe  (via 


Objects of Memory. Memory of Objects. The Artworks as a Vehicle of the Past in the Middle Ages Conf., 4-5/12/13  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


 documentary on  sparks Twitter fury
 Mandela could say this after 27 years in jail, shouldn't we take it seriously? RIP. (via   


 [elsub rsubets] (1950) Frank Hagney, p:friendship c:USA poin: 13


Please note changes in Swedish Migration procedures within the Schengen area.  have Volleyball court on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


So many bull traps today not even funny any more. Please if you get into BTC and don't know how to trade, don't trade. Buy and hold.


 re-invite  Don't let non-Syrians censor Syrians!   


so I did this:  and apparently I'm the 10th Doctor. well interesting since I chose obvious 11 things 4 times. 


God is my co-pilot, although the Devil is my bombardier acne treatment


Blum"  udah ada yang ngucapin good morning ?"


I updated my  webapp generator for LESS (called lessapp) to v0.4.6  Front Blasts U.S. With Coldest Weather in 20 Years  Nice. Like the hint of contemporary iPhone selfie in the reflection!


The solitude of luxury
Model: Hanka Zelbov
Makeup artist: tpnka Kotalov
Hair stylist: Lucie Molnrov...  to London-City Airport. Fingers crossed  will do a better job than last Wednesday.


 krytyThorn pro  jsou od dneska realitou! Mame na sklade. Jeste nafotit a dat na web :-)


 zrovna ty a Hitler? A tomu se jako div? :D     


Great Party yesterday in Graz...amazing venue,located inside a long tunnel digged in a big rock...and really cool...  Bashir Resigns From MSNBC Over Palin Comments 


 [credcka ackqu] (1952) Mel Blanc, p:blizzard c:USA poin: 13


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Iraq - Fort'. Join me in combat!    


  omg I'm like reverse in programming, like I barely know anything yet somehow I'm quite good at it?


I've watched "Details" (S1 E16) of Elementary (via 


2013 Big Smoke Las Vegas Evenings | News &amp; Features | Cigar Aficionado  on 34th Street, it's a Wonderful Life, A Christmas Story... Nope. Magic Mike on Christmas 


Untunglah. Eh " Am excited for tomorrow! Its been a long time since the last road trip!"


Hahaha I should go to bed or i'll go crazy of all that studying..  


 Sorry! Sure,the weather in Finland is also harder and it's farther away from everything. We're just proud of our audience. ;)


Ne uplne  outfitova fotka :-D
(kosile: new yorker)  Real Reason Why Fixing School Lunches Needs to Include Longer Lunch Periods  News out now!  Todays top stories via  


How to build a lasting relationship:  (via 


Exam preps have successfully kept me from Twitter!  *sad*


:-)) RT  This headline explains a lot of puzzles  HT:  


 Settings, General, Reset, Reset Keyboard Dictionary


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


2  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


Let's play Rome Total War (EB) - part 152 "Pokr Hayk 235 B.C.E.":  prostednictvm 


Snacks look like 1 of them fat ass oompa loompa from chocolate factory


Attend  to see live  magic managing LDoms on T5 with their  Register at:  


  205: 06.  - Pebbles ( Remix)  


A new favorite: Techno never ending story with Fabula by Vladim Krotkow  on 


 Missing my main  
missin him the whole day


Favorited "Deep Session 10 Minimix by Waclosh"  by Deep Session


If you were a dancer, you would tell exquisite stories with yo... More for Taurus  first  virtual meetup is this Thursday, with  own  giving a cool talk:  have unlocked a new battleground  ' Iraq - Fort'. Join me in combat!    


My Top 3  Artists: Sabaton (39), Muse (34) &amp; Kreator (7)   bitching in twitter gets boring with time, same sht :D


Join IDC Energy Insights webcast tomorrow ... 2014 Predictions: Worldwide Utilities  whitehotel: William Merritt Chase, Seventeenth Century Lady (detail) 1895  [teh osytrih fo otm ,onjes a loingfudn] (1997) Laura Harling, p:love c:UK poin: 37


G4L  Artist Of The Year   Female Pop/Rock   Female Soul/R&amp;B   Soul/R&amp;B Album 


I love it here in Prague!!! It's like a fairy tale    you pay them yearly "membership fee" (50 dollars or so), not sure about other things, possibly the ticket


  Ah, sound it. Re the Live Tiles: When I bought it after it trial and come back to the app, it should be updating the state.


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


 if these tears were gasoline, I'd light a fire make you notice me


  i stil respect you guys, watever happened, you are adults you knw wats best, wish all the best


 Lets build a powerplant there   efficiency should be terrific!


Today I'd like to see 3 points for Galatasaray.......Vamooos


The 1st  session is Nov 21! Awesome upcoming talks by      at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 4 others  Top 1  Artists: Emperor (7)   make it happen for 'MailMate 2.0 - The email client for the rest of us'   via 


Metal art brooch surreal photography in brooch balloon by MagicSky  via 


The sun goes up 
and the sun goes down
I drag myself 
To this town
All I do 
I wanna do
With you 
  


Commenting is not needed!!!!! Americans Try To Place European Countries On A Map  when someone you don't like tries to talk to you.  literally me


I don't know what I would do without Kamlin , Denise  , audrey or ashly .


I miss athalla already. Td athalla lagaknya kaya bapa catering, (w/ Alvin &amp; Alysa at Dianti Catering Company )   added a video to a  playlist  Hearthstone Beta: First Games 


 a   u toho prvniho se mi moc nelibi theme, ale ten druhej...  to hoping Spurs take points off City and us winning comfortably. A 10-match unbeaten run going into the Leverkusen game would be good


Stock in marijuana companies skyrocket after Colorado sells $1 mil on first day
 So annoying when I'm trying to have sex and they don't get the hinttttt


"6 Of My All-Time Favorite Conversion Rate Optimization Case Studies"   *butts in* i love the uprising remix and the motp one is ok too


Thankful for  my daughter , life , my relationship, my grandma &amp; my job!!!!


 Protoze ti dokazi dat i Sectoidskeletona casto na jednu ranu, pokud se povede critical.


  don't be, we can still hang! Hey, me and Amber made a deal to visit Karen in Cali in the near-ish future. u comin?


       Happy New Year to you all too!


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uewgfze


I unlocked 2 World of Warcraft achievements in World of Warcraft!  [edmon rneud gslsa] (2002) Kira Reed, p:vampire c:USA poin: 17


 [teh etstsram nsoerp how vree viedl] (2005) Gary Clemmer, p:hooker c:USA poin: 34


a day in Beijing is equal only to 1/6 of one cigarette  to Is it more harmful to smoke one cigarette  you and  together!??! The only reason I wish I lived in some Mrkan Metropolis ...


 Thanks for favoring my tweet! I enjoy your posts!


  haha I am so nervous I don't know why!! For both  and  in I do nails  sleep na love youuu


From 5th Jan  in Newcastle available for shooting, if interessted DM me or send me an  email to anitavixen


We have to switch back from  Identity to an older membership. It seems we did it wrong and have to change some feature


37   Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


 funniest part was when me and my friend saw tour bus approaching the parking place and started running around it like crazy


Social Media Celebrity TV Women 04122013 - 2:  via  


I've collected 41,650 gold coins!    


one person followed me // automatically checked by  Criticism over 2013 season isnt justified:  can get rid of annoying re-tweets by people you don't follow. There's a drop down menu on those you follow. Select "remove re-tweets"


Cuaca begini ini nih yg bikin kita batal foto2 (w/ Mayang &amp; Joeli at Karlv most | Charles Bridge) [pic]    in Prague, Czech Republic: 0.3 C (32.54 F)  


I have completed the quest 'Complete tutorial.' in the  game The Tribez.   


United have not scored in over 4 hours  


Hacking the Czech Parliament via SMS uz za chvili v Saal1   wish you much love, happiness and health as you begin your new life together...  hahahah wus da hagha gada nasheen yam,  pata da rata khafa kegigay, hagha shamim saib sa waye :)


Throw an Eco-Friendly Party With Sustainable Supplies  my favorite NEO moment is when i saw my idol and my fav brand work together  :3 


This is what I'm going to be watching for the rest of the night   liked a  video  Mass Effect 3 a No:mad - let sondy Normandy SR2


 how do things change without speaking out? If the culture is ugly, you just accept it? What about John Carlos, Mohammed Ali?


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Any idea on how to use the  emulator with 200dpi resolutions?  


My dad just asked about something probably if i would rather fo to germany or uk but all i heard was uk and i was just like ENGLAND! Lol


Stuck between these two worlds. What I'm gon do with both these girls?


 how you have a good day so far! :) greetings from germany!


One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...   oxf adn hte britba tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fox and the rabbit


 [hyet tog em ervdoec] (1943) Fred Graham, p:reporter c:USA poin: 19


first liker=give 30 likes &amp; 1 question?  no urcite!!  Today: Finnish E Shop Customer Support  Prague in Prague, Czech Republic  


 The most important question is: are they fluffy? ^.^


You don't know what to think as you are bounced around by the ... More for Gemini  shit, I can dance when I really want but that shit difficult as hell to do perfectly


 rusher, arianator e demigod &lt;3 Lovatics  


Bitter conditions linked to deaths of additional 31,000 people last winter - a rise of almost...  you were about to write about Startups in CEE.


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   98


 [igsetnt teh tlmisi] (1998) Brandy Davis, p:erotica c:USA poin: 18


 keep ya ass in Maryland. I don't want my present


After Bama loss, safe to say a Freshman wins again or a Manzie repeat. Compelling. 


 Jawaban benar: designing women,  15/373410 poin


I saw here standing alone in the street. She was frozen (skin color gave it away) and i decided to  out the official European FF 2013-14 Guide by the European Commisssion:  can be found  think my favorite part of this country is the avid usage of swear words. shit.


Vinte tapas na cara das pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


 I spent last 5 years using IB. I thought it was great. I used to argue with people about it. Now I like pure code ;) That's it.


S4 pr na konci ledna dostane Android 4.4 KitKat. Who cares? J si ho jedu u dnes :-))  se mi video   Pulp Fiction Soundtrack - Flowers On The Wall (1966) - The Satler Brothers -


 is on a spree, very interesting content but I would not like to translate it:)  


Buset dah han wallpaper lo ye " Pacar-pacar yang baik emang kaya gini...  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               141


 trneur ot mapc aeerbv alek tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: return to camp beaver lake


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


 This actually made me cry, not sure why. :D 


An Appendix to the third part of the friendly debate, being a Letter of the conf  blogging is easier then you think - 6 figure blogging , SEO Plugins for Word press
 Rster", the choir of the Swedish Government Offices, performing in S:t Nicholas Church in Prague.  always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty."


 you were born to be in a place like that.. 


  don t say this kind of stuff 2 this weirdo coz he doesn t deserve it as"I hate you,I really hate you,so much..


Lol it's funny nobody wanted to fuck with me till I started making moves with  funny how that all changes


 Hi Dina. Wish you a wonderful 1st Advent. Here's the promised pic of the Christmas tree on my balcony  harvested 80 of food!    


"Two buildings perfectly framing the Manhattan Bridge which is in turn perfectly framing the Empire   Videoanalyse Spring 2013:
We like to ride Couplewaves :D


 [teh hlowdyool tshkgni] (1980) Butch Rose, p:halloween c:USA poin: 21


 wah lucky *o* I have around.. 30 or something but just like Essence, Miss Sporty, Colorama, Catrice etc., ;;


Sentient code: An inside look at Stephen Wolframs utterly new, insanely ambitious computationalparadigm  i'm sure it'll all work out. i hope things go well for you, pal


Imagine, everyone's in bed, Skhll notices Simon being awake. "hav you ever wanted your bed to be filled with hot chocolate."


  and it reminds me of the time a bit more than a year ago ...


  well if we get the tickets in mail maybe...:D


Pojdte rozjet hesteg  protoze nase big madakafa california crew sou nejvic fakin cesnekovy dealeri!!! :D 


 no actually from the app. It started when you hit the home button. Ridiculous


 Jawaban benar: autopsy 7: dead men talking,  27/321808 poin


 rneelildac sinswg ti tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cinderella swings it


Tenho ensaio daqi a pouco The Walking Dead  


 started from the bottom!    


 true true but your greatness was in the small things. Huge canes fan and life long skins fan. Mad respect


 my hubby is also Brian hall and oddly you are very similar


NEVER fire an employee before revoking his access to the company's Twitter account    play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 53:  via 


 RT: Back  project on Kickstarter and get your made-to-order denim jeans:  Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


 they should be bvb fans! No fingernails every week but we love our boys!


Who actually uses Google+? Exactly who youd expect - Quartz  North Carolina?! Where are my summer months?! I demand that we fast forward to June!


   im Test bei wpareade.   Cup 8 is already live!  Full house of great players. 


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 2.9 C (37.22 F)  


Photoset: Demi Lovato for NYLON Magazine (January issue)  ikcn dan sohan'r nfieiitn litpsyal tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: nick and norah's infinite playlist


 The number game: DM me a number 1-500 &amp; ill tell you how I feel about you in a tweet without anyone knowing. Basahin mo. HAHA!


 Well they brought Jody Mills back, so that's always a bonus!


I liked a  video from   Profitol i Kremas Nasl Yaplr


I know you like it when I'm covered in blood
On your knees with a gun to your head...


 Okay...if you say it. I'm sorry for saying so many stupid things =/


Let's All Promise to Stop Sticking Our Tongues Out in 2014  notice that my mother didn't even come home tonight


 no hope for you then ;) maybe a crazy folder structure would help. Or some kind of tagging thing


The 39 worst words, phrases, and parts of speech of 2013  via 


Today stats: 4 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Aramaean walks into a bar    


Winter means zero degree weather~       Holiday Inn  Haha! That is a very biased view, Mr. W! :) But in a way, I understand what you mean. I've always  watched "The Reichenbach Fall" (S2 E3) of Sherlock (via 


Don't worry darling, you didn't burn the beer aneb pehldka starch reklam, kter by dneska zakzali -  Is Flawed, But It Will Still Take Over the World | Wired Enterprise |   The Tube tomorrow! BCC Newsletter in your mailbox. BCC visited AUSTRADE today. Read an exclusive interview...  Why people believe TMZ is beyond me  you kiddin why would you do this ?


Photoset: somebrightneuroticstar: Even David Tennant has hearts in his eyes for Paul McGann.    Please turn off autom. refreshing of the DDE workspace


   the reasons may be manifold, the question is: can it be done?


My fitbit  for 12/01/2013: 13,652 steps and 10.9 km traveled.  of Duty: Gfinity Pro League reaches its half time | SK Gaming  to do this weekend in   : Black Diamond Drytool Cup Brno 2013 -    weeks ago I left iPad in standby with Wifi on and about 3/4 of battery..Now it's on 16 %..I really expected it to be drained.


I just got a beautiful responsive tumblr theme from  


 Hey, it's at the bottom of every html page--or is it not really clear? Or are you making fun? ;-)


With Rental Demand Soaring, Poor Are Feeling Squeezed 


 Do I have to use my FB password to log in into your interface? I am not a big fan of that. Help.


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 958


STATISTIKY  Stely 35:38, zblok. stely 9:7, hity 16:13, buly 37:37.  offtopic ale i u anglickych stranek pouzivat SignUp /SignIn je z pohledu UX spatne, protoze si to lide casto pletou. Lepsi je Log in


So I stayed home today. And I still haven't done my homework. I had like 12 hours, but nope. That wouldn't be me..


matt and hugging ppl and giggling during UD can i die now please


 4AM is my usual time for breakfast, no travel involved. You're not jet lagged. You just became an early bird. Don't worry.


Doubt is good, I am telling myself. Doubt is essential for the scientific method. It transcends the desire for sweet, sweet certainty.


Abyste to nemuseli hledat  co na   Major Lazer - Get Free (Ft. Amber Coffman) (Andy C Remix)  you serious about weight loss? Read this article ASAP!  night night Connie, sleep well with sweet dreams  x :)


Repath el~ Berlajar bersyukur nih (with Eldiansyah) [pic]   nah yall are bad no more delusions bro but the future is very bright for yall courtesy of the bum ass nets


 please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 2


"  Pacers never gonna lose once DG back smh they're gonna use him in a trade." That'll be dumb


I've collected 9,433 gold coins!    


 gosh, I hope so! b/c it sounds like my cup of tea .)


Certain fans hating because we got the best striker in the premier league atm


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 What a sincerely rubbish airline. One can only swear - NEVER  AGAIN! Broke my child's buggy, 300 out of pocket &amp; no refunds!


Dear  why I have to disable your Web Developer Tools with every update? To hate them even more?


I was saving it for later   ha ha but why keep it bro  


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "View from the Road Pt. 2"  Sales Representative in        it deffo does include extreme cuteness Addi!! Xxx


 I thought you were going to perform today minister? I refer to the memorial service...


Villagers in NE Kenya outran cheetahs "who" were picking off a farmer's goats, captured them live &amp;handed over 2wildlife officers :


In Barcelona for New Year? 

See the accommodations available here:

 = you should've listened the first fucking time


 You're taller than I thought Matt. Or else The Pres really is as small as they say :-) 


You have achieved clojure enlightenment. Namaste.    fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 21.25C ac foris -3.94C vre esse.


A player for 2014's All-Star-Game and also for the Dunk-Contest. He has got all the skills a great player needs. DeMar DeRozan 


"As I looked through my in-laws depression-era family photos they told me to take what I wanted. Thi  year 2014 will be marked by music. Explore what musical pearls the Czech Republic will offer you!
Outstanding...  vubec, ted na nem jedou i sedmicky i mountain lion. moc se mu to libi.


 and how can we be sure that you aren't the hacker right now? Hurr Durr :3


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   43


50 years of deception, lies, wars. Poverty to people, hundreds billions to crazy war machine. JFK to WTC 911 false flag. Foreign control.


China Successfully Soft-Lands Probe On The Moon.  Moon rover Yutu to explore surface.   Jawaban benar: the darkest light,  17/22748 poin


 cant even understand what you liddy wrote  go to bed now


Companies in Liechtenstein should watch their postbox for interesting mailing about .eu domains!


This is me containing my excitement and disbelief that tonight I will be in Austin, at my home away  there have been efforts over the past several years to do that...time will tell how successful it is.


Was too sick to draw today..not good..need to finish one illustration and create some posters...hopefully tomorrow will be more productive:/


Doctor Who Christmas Special 2013: The first TV teaser trailer - BBC One:  pes 


Officials Say U.S. May Never Know Extent of Snowdens Leaks 


  FROM HERE-What would you ask of me, it's yours    Fletcher relieved to return - Official Manchester United Website   HTML5 Ready Alternative to CSS resets | Web Resources | WebAppers  via 


  PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE YOU SO SO SO FUCKING MUCH, PLEASE MY ANGEL!!! BE MY 2/5 !!! :) x5


 definitely not me! If I will ever buy a Mustang, it will be GT with 5.0 V8!


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via  have Wide Road on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


68 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Merry  to everyone. Just made this awesome  /   Jesus guys! I would try to make a run for it but I'm afraid to cross him)


 [het cgnryi egam] (1992) Andre Bernard, p:kidnapping c:UK poin: 15


 have a nice flight, dear! on 6th were in Wien! :)


WTF :D RT     Mitchell Johnson's goal.     current restlessness is not about being bored; it's about... More for Gemini  is you message me on Facebook chances are you aren't getting a message back 


I scored 7 out of 8 in   CapitalJBB Quiz. Try it yourself   Great! Maybe just an issue on my 2nd machine here... How did you clone it?


That aflack commercial is getting on my last nerve


Emg ana calone? :p RT  Weekend tetep kerja go umpul-umpul mbojo :D


 spoils  link bait in my  newsfeed.  between crews of which I have not been briefed in advance, is a change of process  and I must be briefed in advance." 


I liked a  video  Peter Gabriel and Kate Bush - Don't Give Up 1986 Video stereo widescreen


4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  [ffje iwrcon uhneedals] (2003) Jeff Corwin, p:nature c:USA poin: 21


 [wichh is tchwi] (1949) Mel Blanc, p:bugs-bunny c:USA poin: 14


Bored of slides? Sign up for a free  account to stop boring   VPS at only $12/month =&gt;  - 1GIG / 2 Core*3Ghz / Unlimited Transit   


 maybe u ll find some free time if some girl would cancel or so and as I ll be not far away u can call me...


  sure, no problem!
Just drop me a line, if you need something :)


Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Tablet Wi-Fi 512 GB Windows 8.1 mit Type Cover 2 purple  really wanted to donate some money to phillipines via the  it just keeps disconnecting me. Where else can I do this?


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  nowy ulubiony film w  Construction, Demolition Accidents &amp; Explosion   do you think you'll win it? Top 4 nailed but win it.... Not so sure the next few games will give a better indication.


Our new tour Mystery River Cruise &amp; Walk is full of colorful legends and ghost stories connected to Vltava...  wondering what is Ahmadinejad doing right now.  


Paris called, she wants her car back! What a waste!  ipdaccliyl imj tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: piccadilly jim


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           422


I wish you all a MERRY CHRISTMAS! My present for you is a brandnew, free download! PLS RETWEET IT!   


 Best of luck! If you don't take risks, you will never progress.


Gallery  Day 2 (Friday 15th) at Facebook       


 cirneaam higcto tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: american gothic


You Should Probably Think Twice Before Hopping On That Gluten-Free Bandwagon. Here's Why.  Knows the "Napalm Girl" but How Come Nobody Knows the "Black Blouse Girl"? Rape &amp; Kill in   :D Venca Rio Hanzlk otevu FB a dostal sem tuhle zprvu:
 Hello Rimaq! Nice to meet u.My name is Aderet, a...  palm  Can u please stop ur my worst nightmare and I just woke up JESUS Christ  se muzeme premierove videt i na Morave kde vystoupim v Music Clubu Ponorka v Ricanech u Brna!!


Thu, 05 Dec 2013, let us all send Frankie Muniz the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (28)


I'm at Karlv most | Charles Bridge (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 3 others  can't stop watching  Completely  


   Pripadne USK ma nejakej merch a promujou nejakej And1 shop.


 In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm; in the real world, all rests on perseverance. 

 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Sleep won, I can't see straight and can't type two words without a mistake. Early morning tomorrow.


 Thinking about buying it too... Sucks that the base price is still so high, though. Also, how's War for Cybertron?


 I'm using the official one, with an add on called twitplus


Good morning! In which bed did you have your best dream ever? :)   Top 3  Artists: Lenny (1), Trentemller (1) &amp; Eddie Stoilow (1)  Used to Declare JFK's Time of Death May Sell for $100,000  thank you very much sweetie! :) have a really nice evening! ;) xx


What will be my next destination?     MasterCard Airport   Enjoy your meal or as we say in Czech - Dobrou chut!


 will you come back to czech republic? Pretty please!;-)


when the kids had killed the man I had to break up the band   THAT WAS A BRILLIANT PHONE CALL WITH YOUR MOTHER!! You two really had me laughing out loud! :)) Mother F Rocks! :D


 Hi guys. Wanna ask You what happend with your  app for  ?


Ok, long story short, he told a dick joke and I answered in a clever way. And we had 3 second eye contact and I realized what I said The end


 I can't remember their names as I don't bum xfactor but there's been a few


 Just finished the gripping Chelsea Mansions by Barry Maitland. Now have to read entire series!


Lb se mi video   GOOD NEWS: 14 Reasons 2014 May Be the Best Year Ever


 you guys rock! Love your free  Themes.  Jawaban benar: the winter's tale,  17/10083 poin


Okay, last time I tomahawk chop until baseball season, GO BRAVES!!


 [vlei snloa tiwh aasifl abldlahau'] (2006) Faisal Abdu'allah, p:art c:UK poin: 33


 Producer gave me a beat, said its the beat of the year. I said  didnt do it, so get the fuck out of here!


Delighted to hear my man Brenden is in the final  . Sorry to the Sonke gang


Congrats to Finland! World Junior Hockey Champs upsetting host Sweden 3-2 in OT. Don't look past Suomi at  either 


So much hate in Croatia, I'm so glad I am not there anymore tho it's a rotten country doomed to fail.  lorde


In memory of Iron Eyes Cody who was born on April 3rd, 1907 and died on January 4th, 1999.


its sunday, you pagans! time for the word of  ! (see next tweet) ;)


Followers - 3, Unfollowers - 2. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via   presents 'Large Pixel Collider' - a nuclear machine sent from the future to run  in 1440p!  Years Eve walk and New Years lunch at Lokl (ambiente)...  Lokl U Zavadil  you put time or money into something don't let nobody take it from you


 D Radko Gudas cant leave Montreal as he was victim of crime. Ref Mike Leggo murdered his good goal in very brutal way.


"I put a 5.7L V8 in a 1986 Mazda RX-7, more than doubling the horsepower while improving fuel economy":  via 


winter...hold to the simple fun, beauty and love....  Jawaban benar: cuckoo murder case,  18/329711 poin


Good morning... 8^)
Dobr rno... 8^)
      better way to get in the Christmas spirit before coming home than to visit one of the worlds best  Polikem, thank u all for holding it down through and thick. Enjoy your Christmad


hey there  thank you for following :-) Have a great 2014


Sometimes I realize how much I love them and how much they mean to me. They're my everything. My five angels.  


. Fashion people aren't used to reacting to customer comments. This was going to need some trainers ;)  


One of the best parties in my life!!! I'm very happy I can be a part of this team!   romantic placeeeeee ^^ christmaasssyyyy        please i need you to follow me is my dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Listened MM soooo loud...my neighbours told me to stop listenin to this sh*t!!!-.-
But my mum likes the album...more or less:)


mum wanted to buy me this knitted sweater but said she thought it was too colourful for me...,,.? ok


Want To Succeed? Don't Check Your Email - And Work Out At Lunch   via 


  I'm just wondering if Yakunin will invite them to the Russian Railways Christmas party!


HRW Criticizes Iran's Policy On Afghan Refugees  


 [nvaiall] (2004) Ivan Vargas-Gatica, p:swinger c:USA poin: 7


Here in this great shop in Dresden you can find my CDMax  asas:ellpcb teh tdaainme issere tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: spaceballs: the animated series


PURE STEEL SHOP - PURE STEEL CHRISTMAS SUPER SALES - 10 % Discount  November 29, 2013 - December 31, 2013: To...  VIDEO DE U2!! &gt; U2 to premiere video for new single 'Ordinary Love' on Facebook at 7pm (GMT) this evening |  Yes, i saw other photos. And another important thing is a great model. You are. :)


Good morning. Current condition is Fog and the temperature is 4 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 16, 2013 at 07:13AM.{Automa...


 if I wasn't poor id pay for you to come out here 


netaudionews: Horror House - Vote for me (single)    


Czech republic loves you!!!! i love you!! ( live on  just voted for Ted/Marshall/Barney   Retweet to vote  


 remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm


Kung lahat ng cute sa mundo ay ililipat
sa ibang planeta, ang masasabi ko lang.
.
.
.
.
Mamiss ko kayo T.T ingat kayo T.T


Clovek si ani na chvili neodpocine... :)) lolisek's photo  just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 33


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 151


246,700 Andermant: Drakensang Online [Game Connect] by Bigpoint Inc.  pes 


Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.  Marie Curie 


Marquei como visto Chicago Fire - 2x8 - Rhymes With Shout    


Oh shit. Rick Grimes and that fucking fuck from Serenity. That can't end well. 


People are acting strange today and if you try to determine th... More for Taurus  That could be part of it. *nods, crossing her arms and looking at him*


I could really use some buffalo chicken pizza rolls right now


Screwdriver is in my hands, I repeat screwdriver in my hands!!! 


CNB is still at work. 1 EUR = 27.7 CZK No shopping during Christmas holidays on the Alps.  has no roof.


We dearly need Runoff Presidential Elections. First round, voting your conscience. If nobody gets over 50%, Runoff btw 2 most vote getters.


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 well look at you. Just making sure you're on yo shit.


My new dream; to play poker in the special Olympics 


2  Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


 U 2, my lovely friend!&lt;3 Hope you're doing well and all is okay with u!:-) xx


so basically all my name day presents were chocolates.. people stop, you're making me fat.. 


Clandestino im Tranquillo - ein Laden wandelt sich   


The bus rides to Brno are getting weirder with every week. Too many kissing couples, more drunken old men and animals too :D


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  s "To bude dobr." bt nkam!   Empathy vs. Sympathy  via   


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


" Usually, appearance is what matters when it comes to first impression. Too bad that no one cares what's in their heart."


  Nikde na webu Comics Centra to nemuzu najit. Poslete odkaz?


I've harvested 1,874 of food!    


I'm taking the regeneration really bad ok. This will last for a week. Or longer.


Thank you all for retweeting. I hope it'll work. I love you so much Swifties &lt;3  Artist of the Year 


             Thanks for not letting us watch Tarec and Lim in Poland.... :(


Last time family penah usha aku atas bawah. Was in Aeon perak. Mak dia tolak troli sampai pusing. Seriously apa yg dorg teruja


 - your so cuteee lol buuuut you got fake and sopped talkin to me 


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   14


Dispatches: The Political Prisoner Endgame in   via 


Udah biasa dibilang lebay. Jgn salahin keadaan kalo semuany perlahan berubah


 it was a jewelry store in central Arkansas I heard the advertisement on the radio for it.


 I want a Hearthstone beta key if anyone has one...juuuuust sayin ;)


Quality Alliance participate at the ABM Brazil      KB that sounds amazing! Africa in January, possibly Croatia with sue and then a theatre school in London in August atm :)


Great tips for those who have trouble with monologues, from fellow casting director Lana Veenker.  via 


My Top 3  Artists: Jay-Z (2), Genetix (1) &amp; DJ Fresh (1)  to watch last TaEun episode on WGM.. got my tissue box right beside me TT


    Yea that's true, some mods could want their e-peen to be bigger I suppose.


Slun. - A Random Girl Steps Up To A Karaoke Machine and Floors Everyone:  via 


A village football stadium. Population of  is 2400. Capacity of the ground is 6600.  New Yr same ol G lol" this! same game plan for years


 Grazie per il follow. I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog  and you still have holiday? I feel like the only one on tlist who works today lol


       


  hi HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOUIS I LOVE you so MUCH I CAN T BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE 22 but I STILL LOVE YOU MY lovely idiot


 [ypopp] (1917) Frederick Perry, p:snake-oil c:USA poin: 5


Handmade Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


In. . .deed!!! RT   can be one of the most committed signs BUT not before playing the field 1st.


Ponk &amp; Karl M - Eve Opening - Berlin 20/09/13 // Free Download  [uyrsadat hntgi lepcais] (1976) Georgette Jennings, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 22


I added a video to a  playlist  Justin Bieber - Roller Coaster (Audio)


" Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how."


 mame exchange 2010. Nastavim, hodinu ok a pak slus a sync bezi furt a nic nedoruci. Pomuze restart.


bought some stuff for muffins and going to bake them with my mum so I could bring them to school tomorrow yay :3


27  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


For
growth
you need
two things:
A good
company
culture
and
processes.
But the
processes
must be
cool
 by 


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Slides from my yesterday's Ember Data talk at   The map is wrong, Czech Republic was Yes/Yes in Casino Royale, but in the map is purple, instead of blue. Even Wiki says so.


 2.14f is a recommended and free software update including a large number of stability improvements.  Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Good morning friends...i wish u a great friday. Enjoy it. Lots of love. Tc.;-);-)  They Cant Find It, They Cant Buy It.    


Ever want to throw your PC out the window because it's too slow? Check out this FREE solution - Advanced SystemCare!  I tried couple of alternative apps, but am too old for alternative shit, always came backe to the official one. Yeah, it sucks.


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x45


I have completed the quest 'Build a Warehouse.' in the  game The Tribez.   


I wish i was miley in thay adore you music video.
Getting fucking paid to touch myself in my own sheets.


Here is my last image of 2013 - Prague, town I can never get enough of. Thank you all who joined my  ni rhcase of teh saawctyas tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: in search of the castaways


Photoset: Uniqueness is what makes you the most beautiful.  Metternich: "Are they actually allowed to do this?". The Emperor had to abdicate the very same year. 2/2 (cc 


Today stats: 24 followers, 12 unfollowers and followed 9 people via  time using Audacity for processing the latest  episode because Garageband can't handle the file size


Happy to see that  not only joined  but is also giving a talk on January 8th, 2014. Nice!  lagu di playlist ella neng. Bawain oleh oleh dong yg lg di singapore ;)


Movies finished and safe to say me and Gaby coped the best


so last few days I have my window opened a little at night but damn I'm always freezing when I get up ;;


 ni eht bste itsreetn fo teh hlidc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: in the best interest of the child


 maybe but at least Czech president is not a as dangerous to a world, while Putin made Russia look like Evil Empire  :D


    Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  of our favourite dishes:

Beef flank steak with roasted portobello from the Bento Box at AvantGarde. Want...  prave dal 4. gol ve 4. zapase za sebou. Chybis mi 


We are the same age. EieiRT  GOT7 Debut Teaser  (BamBam)
   hot chilli peppers Circa survive Queens of the stone age  RT  RT with your top three favorite bands


 then after we were on our way back to the hotel from the club where the teachers made a party for us I just wanted to go to


The Path to Altruism: The global community must lift 1.5 billion people out of poverty, while the excesses of ...  it is something I am contemplating... Have yet to decide. I see the Duke post haste so shall decide then. D.S.


Day on the bicycle is always beatiful.
        just went to the bathroom holding hands, I don't even...


" Watching "The Wood" never gets old " a pure classic


No Nani today! So, Rooney, Chicha, Kagawa and one among Valencia, Januzaj or Welbeck.


 Only one moth till I will get from Czech republic to see you at Berlin!! Ive never was that excited!!! :) &lt;3 Next month! :)


I watched this  'I strive to be the best I can be ..' |  you nailed it, Durand line is the bone of contention between both countries but Pakistan does not talk about it in public.


  that's in ... Return is it? Or was it memoirs?


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


 thanks! Can you send me the link for your game? Would love to check it out.


There is a very weird bug with Spotify and Ingress running at the same time on Android 4.4


Interview with Transmission VJs Vision Impossible  Withnail with the commentary (McGann &amp; one other dude). glad I actually got it right, the film. coz people make it out to be...


Prague residents look to oust Palestinian embassy  pes 


Early 1980s: Ban on Irish speaking in Maze prison sparked political row  


Weeeeee. Bday mo? Ohhhh. Coooool. Ahihihi :))) HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY  More anime pls XD. God Bless :)))


 that Luhan is the oldest member of EXO together with Xiumin T.T


Jesus the new Doctor cant act at all,can he? That mini episode was horrible...


   Congrats! You may convince me to switch to KDE again :)


I favorited a  video  [MMD] Cry Cry - Vocaloid Dance Cover [T-ara]


It seems JPMorgan Chase will try to kill  in a new way, with a patent:  Silly banksters! :-)


Staggering. MT  RT  Acc'ding to  rec'l  catch 47 BILLION  worldwide each year. WHOA.


 [uin-lsjeeoo oggyhna] (2007) Geum-Seok Yang, p:drowning c:South Korea poin: 19


 this gif is like.. dont know.. cant breath actually..heart stoped beating


It's my race, I'm going far.  Tell these bitches don't test me.


Looking for some outfit ideas for February... I think kailangan ko magbawas sa kain for a month. Hahaha!


Under The Sign Of Autumn: Paintings from Sell-Arts  really nice to hear, that some EU Pro Player's call us as a strong team. Hope we can prove that on Lan too.


 How Maulana Tariq jameel using a meeting with Aamir khan to inspire people to join Tableegh .must watch
 I understand her &amp; why she is turning her back but I don't approve her siding with Marcel. Hope she will help her bro at the end


fairy showdown!
who do you like better?
FAV 4 Blue 
RT 4 Green  
Vote !     you inspired me to try it and now I have some new ideas xD


 I don't understand your sentence structure at all... So the trial didn't take place?


Bitcoin May Be Following This Classic Bubble Stages Chart  tweeps followed (thank you!) and 3 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you  g e vn thc s k hiu, liu nhng cu yu thng ca a, c tht s a ngh nt vs e k? :)


 Jawaban benar: farmyard symphony,  17/342461 poin


 got home from the cinema an hour ago, but somehow still not sleepy so I'll bug you all on Twitter


 Kodak EasyShare Sport C123  (12 Megapixel, 5-fach digitaler  6,1 cm (2,4 Zoll) Display,...  voted for Castle for Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   at Balls Deep in Prague Pregame Pub (Prague 1, Bohemian)    Partly Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 6C and a low of 1C.


Walang pumasok na kwitis sa bahay. Thank you, Lord. We're still safe.


-_- omg I don't care anymore, good riddance, and good night folks 


Netflix Resurrects 'The Killing' for Short Final Season  I have to lay on the left side as my right part is painful. From low back to knee all on the back side. No painkillers no painkillers.


  Actually "lube" is shorter, more casual word for "lubricant"... hope you know what's that. :D


Prague sight from St Vitus cathedral      Katedrla sv. Vta | Saint  nail art manicure; bit of pinky gold glitter and burgundy:-)     mood went from "I'm annoyed" to "I hate everyone in here" within 15 minutes


I've collected 59,243 gold coins!    


Jarn bh  za early bird cent:  - sleva 20 % plat do 15. 12.


 [rsabet mne] (1997) Kathe E. Mazur, p:breasts c:USA poin: 10


7 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


Check out new work on my  portfolio: "MEDUSA"  you miss me just look up to the night sky and remember, I'm like a star; sometimes you can't see me, but I'm always there.


Tell me your secrets, ask me your questions... Oh let's go back to the start


Six November The best night ever!!!!!!  O2 Arena Praha  Season finale of The Walking Dead later today. I expect good things


I'd rather throw a cement block at my face then study right now.


I've harvested 350 of food!    


 And I am desperately waiting for the first  or  in Brno.


There is nothing better than shaving an old unwashed yak with nails interspersed in its fur as the first thing thing in the morning.


Friday night feelin' the power of music 
Got some Dope soundz for sunday


Understanding the Iranian Perspective in Nuclear Negotiations  via 


12 of PCC's finest are heading on the road shortly for the southern Czech city of esk Budjovice for a day of indoor cricket


 Onu Edirne adayn tantrken yapacaklarm ama iki aday var onlarda yal gre yapacak kazanan aday olacak:)


Forget all the talk, its time to be about it! There is NO off-season!   


Photo: bienenkiste: "Exorcism". Olya Ivanisevic by Chris Craymer for Dansk Fall/Winter 2007  writing today, up at the summer house doing heavy reconstruction. Sweaty, but wonderful to see an actual result at day's end.


Photo from expert roundtable " Projects in Authoritarian and Transition Countries" organized today by   collected 20,200 gold coins!    


 Justin Azevedo is "number quinze" ... pick a language, Czech PA guy. 


 RT  If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?


My  account is worth 512,74, and I spent 412 hours playing games!  (at  for Transmission 2013, Cosmic Gate, Markus Schulz, The Thrillseekers and 4 more)  this technology is making us antisocial"  Top 3  Artists: Sun Devoured Earth (131), God Is An Astronaut (122) &amp; Faith No More (81)  Slog et billede op   crescono!  birthday little Bendtner!


Today stats: 5 followers, 9 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  out! Beats.PM Mixtape  Rudeboy ft. Procter   guys are probably wondering why I'm looking at porn in public.


3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  ilasoc rtiersge tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: social register


 hi Johnny, danke! :) I'm fine but still have to be very carefully with my shoulder next 5 weeks! Back on bike mid January :(


 Prize is in my underpants, you have to come and pick it :3


 Thanks to  co-founder  for this video review of  Check it out here...  This is Not a Pakistani serial. It's Turkish serial but Pakistani Media  dubbed it in urdu:p


Last day today... We say: where &amp;how u meet New year, same way u'll spend it


 [i eardh teh easmimdr gignsni] (2008) Kenny Johnson, p:love c:USA poin: 28


Nejvce Hollywoodu vydlvali Dwayne Johnson a Robert Downey jr.  healthcare now is a "job benefit" ?? what a bullshit slavery. .. revolution of peace should now be one of perks


 great gig,great sound,but awful place :/ brushed to commerce. and sadly no cds left over we could have signed. ok next time!


High from the Saturday night performance. This is one for the LIAR awards. I love you all!  NFL made empty threats re:leaving states that won't pay 4 stadiums ect. 1966 exemption legally doesn't allow it  "Nightlife EDM Mix by COSTA" to   listen now!


I felt like a boss ass bitch walking down the sidewalk in my worn out combat boots and the fog surrounding me, walking to beat of my music


" Am I the only one who measures time using songs? 

Oh it only took me 3 songs to get here! thats not too long!""


Eddie [ink from 1988] a tribute to the famous illustrator Derek Riggs  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 980


The six biggest innovations in  technologies in 2013 -  it funny how some of these same design elements have been incorporated into our contemporary street wear?...  just uploaded "Amazing wedding video in Prague |     " ...   Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Race, Tattoos in Advertising Affect What Consumers Buy  So Hawks dump another Jack Skille on Panthers, cool.


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  AcE - ft. Jaden Smith &amp; Willow Smith - Find You Somewhere


Renate: Renate knows she's getting old when she stoops to tie her shoes and wonders what else she can do while ...


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


"Sometimes I feel like as roulette player: the more I put into it, the greater will be the loss."   is home of beer and potatoes.  Just not sweet potatoes.  I need to find some by Saturday for our   


7 Secrets of Google's Epic Organizational Culture     just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               239


I've successfully bawled my eyes out during every single goodbye


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Treta na tl vou nem me meter pq nao tem nd com nd nessa treta  Justin Bieber


clsak olur mu olr niye ya cemaat var iste ykalnarsak cemaat oyunu nasil olsa RTE thdide byn egmecgz dy  


Basically suarez by himself raped norwich bareback sexed them up that ogede must of been touggh boy


 warns US facilities could be targeted in wake of NSA leaks
 collected 11,557 gold coins!    


Hell no!!  A bit headachy this morn, can't figure out why. Couldn't be anything to do with the wine I had last night, could it?


Hell of a run by Erik Guay, great to see one of the nicest guys on tour back in top form 


ebay seller message. I got a feeling that somethings wrong with this text  a western device, you push a button and get a result. On a Soviet instrument, you push a button and get something.  -   A shop window in London after WWII, 1946   but as a native German speaker I couldn't stop giggling while watching. Still, you did well!  just entered to  &amp; you can too: "NETGEAR Gaming-Paket". Enter the  here:  raised    Thanks        


Holy crap Eminem is looking ooooold... super amped to see him perform though.


Krsn i takhle na dlku :)  Sushi Nakazawa joins the ranks of NYC's four-star restaurants:  you could visit the past or the future, which would you choose and where would you go?  past   "Wireless charging platform using radio waves launched " -  mais que divo do  
The Walking Dead  


Pop music is louder, less acoustic and more energetic than in the 1950s | Technology |  &gt;&gt;  dimano wak RT   masih idup kau bi? ahahaha roadshow ekot?


 Aha, Tato aplikace nepodporuje vai verzi softwaru Windows Phone. e by nebyla pro WP8 ?


The 1outside Daily is out!  Stories via  


White Christmas statistically every 10 years in  last was 3 years ago ... :(  


Finally snow in prague.. Pretty amazing snowstorm..  


I don't want to sound like whiny little bitch (emo), but FML &lt;/3. Srsly, woke up with the worst mood possible.


 

remember when harry stepped a bug on stage and he checked if it was okay  you pay for  then take a look to         


3 reasons to love me, to feed me and not to give anybody:
1.
2.
3. OH, PLEASE!!!!!


  yep and you can't just say you're going there as a tourist


Yosemite Nature Notes - 16 - Sky Islands:  pes 


New in Stock: SOUL CAGES - Moon: German Progressive Metal, Selfreleased 2013 Album, Digipack  dear no vermaelen no monreal....we are short of defensive options 


I don't want to be your friend
I just want to be your lover
No matter how it ends
No matter how it starts

 hiring for a Software Configuration Support - Junior. Know someone great? in Brno, Czech Republic  


 oh come on scorpios aren't that bad and they vary a lot in how they express themselves like everyone so what the heck


10 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


My 2nd Christmas gift is a Cohen Diet Plan. Not bad! It costs 50k lang naman.


New Years Eve for children in the Old Town square
December, 31,  15.00  17.00.
Come and celebrate New Years...  Google, Microsoft, and others launch campaign for NSA reform"   agree w/ u. They played better tis season. But despite that refs again made their mark. Know there r many disputable calls every


Wholesale handbags Website coach,Chanel,Prada,Michael Kors cheap Price $41-58 for sale Save 65% off Buy Now!  'Do you always carry handcuffs?' 'down girl!'
Best line of the night.


why do people care when one's bra strap is visible seriously mine are always visible i don't care they just move a lot


 yep i agree he gets so unbearable unfair and tanman' s expressions r so annoying !!!!!


ta acabando minha bateria :( One Direction  


Interview with Michael Rank  from the History in 5 Minutes podcast on Alchemy in the Ottoman...  Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 10 others  FINAL SCORE: Villanova 35, Delaware 34 -- the Wildcats score 23 unanswered points in the last eight minutes. 


 Today: Mlada Boleslav, Czech Republic - Dec 14 at Indoor Festival  to read RIA-Novosti reporting on its own demise.
 yaay the new episode of We Got Married is already subbed :')


Shimmer Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Shimmer Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!  [teh sierdp dna teh lfy] (1931), p:kitchen c:USA poin: 22


 [sotmr nda oswror] (1990) Istvn Fazekas, p:avalanche c:USA poin: 16


Create a Mini PC or Server with Olimex's Olinuxino A13/A13Micro: 

                          ...  ivotn moudro paniccrew      hey guys, I added a guitar track to your amazing collaboration!  what do u think?


The fact that i used to think the word comebacks was combats 


All of our spacious Apartments have a view of the Old Town Square and thus offering unforgettable views of the...  book:   The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking


thank you  I can only but recommend this wonderful book. The author talks about these maps too...  out this awesome site: Janet Legere' -   


Twitter Considered Buying Topsy, Too  Heres Why It Didnt Happen  Tweets publicados (10 menciones) [ltimas 24h]   takovhle " photography " fan page mam nejradi &lt;333 


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  you mean gone right? so cute i i i i--------- i wanna hug him. :x


Just favorited "DJ Shusta - Sweetest Taboo Mixtape 3" Cloudcast by Phlatline on Mixcloud  doing my makeup and trying to do my nails at the same time.. wow such a great job &gt;&lt;


Automation Development report  week 49/50 2013: It's getting closer to Christmas. So here the 2nd last automation...   Wow. Arrange them in decorative patterns, and you've brought Kutna Hora to Prague!


Sheikh Hasina: They 'should be punished, I have to filfull my father's unfinshed job" Watch Sir David Frost 
 glad that ducking autocorrect stopped censoring me


 hehe i had you so often in my mentions i thought i might as well add you. &lt;3


 it takes me a while to get round to reading some books ;)


  206: 07.  - Harmony ( Remix) 


Of course i only catch my train i my mother brings me to the station


This game is like the 49ers game and the Eagles game a couple of years ago had a few drinks, made some bad decisions, and had a child 


I'm seriously thinking about how to make my next game freemium. Oh fuck. I'm doomed.


I've never been done wrong by a stranger ,jus so called friends


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


I hope this will make a great coulisse at our next   Event  just connected with friends on  Follow the link to add my PIN: 2b091165  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x63


I just remembered that  is the Antichrist bc she hates Christmas


 Jawaban benar: the big white,  13/328492 poin


All the answer about "why?" of boys to girls is - Because your (such) a MAN in her minds.


 is THE ICON! Its true. A absolutely agree. Live you  


16.05.2014 00:00 - 18.05.2014 00:00

The summer tourist season in Psek is starting  come play with sand!
Even...   i want please follow me !! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 love you justin


Sick news... we're playing New Noise Fest 9 in Karlsruhe, Germany on July 19th 2014!


1. advent.       My Castle  lovely fellow from Casanova.'
So damn cute!  Somerhalder   btw. Paul Wesley is also hot..co what can I do??? *confused*  so it's not Emily and Nolan! Thank god,it would be weird!  hiii hottie! OMG OMG *O*
1D day *-* xx 
Pls follow me! 
 xx


Great view from U Prince...with Luca from         cemanro fo a sjeesw tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: romance of a jewess


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Any programmer interested in fixing the Czech version of Future Shorts web??  collected 17,922 gold coins!    


Hledme do naeho graduatskho programu pro rok 2014 absolventy na pozice SW designer a SW Security Engineer.  Intermarket Analysis and Investing by Michael E.S. Gayed and gave it 5 stars  songs that you sing when you're all alone your favorite band, and the way that you dance.


 a nbrpultie rfo mdurre tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: a blueprint for murder


  Do it  ride in my ass xD sex on legs in my ass


but really, he has a pretty slight accent. just like Capaldi, you can tell where they're from but their accents are not thick at all.


Lb se mi video   Rihanna "Stay" Very Emotional, a Tear, Heart, Xcel Energy Center St. Paul MN


Goose bumps all around. Try to watch without crying....   (hat tip for sharing to 


Just posted a walk in 0:00  with  Check it out!  


Photo: They are confident in their production    is uv sychravou nedli v prod. Rain or shine, little miss Tequila is one bubbly fluffer.  Mexican Cobalt-60 Thieves Will Die of Radiation Exposure  to eat rice with the sticks... utter failure. But I'm no damn quitter so after long fight I managed to eat all my cold rice with em :)


To my  peeps:  beats  hands-down: better wifi, better menu and better atmosphere.


Before you go out on your first post-breakup date, remember to clean your room, your car, your phone, and yourself. 


This is the last time I'll be greeting you as a scholar of pisay :) Thanks for the fun almost 2 years we've had &lt;3 HAPPY BDAY 


I'm at Danube, Ilk &amp; Inn Rivers Confluence, Passau, Germany (Passau, BY)  Santana Ft Blood Money - Take Risk [Official Video]:  via 


Prof. Francis Stewart from the Biotechnology Center of the  talking right now at the  conference.  you better be screaming at this monstrosity it's p big


 I bet you get bigger dose from eating a banana :P


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Today stats: 9 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  awesome that I literally have friends in any place in the world.


 cursed or born with it? born with - dialog von papa und den trollen


 on wednesday I'll just play the playlist with the exactly same setlist and just imagine I'm there with you too 


Moto G makes its debut as Google goes for cheaper market  when I'm alone I can never fucking sleep in peace.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  for NATO supply are from war effected FATA- these jobs are feeding there families -will PTI will compensate them ?


 yay i'll check it out :'3 altho i know i owe some ppl some comments, that's how bad i am at lj lately orz


Bilkova 13 is apparently closed indefinitely, for unspecified technical reasons  


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  The Hollow Crown (2012) HD Official Trailer


Po milionech letech tweet. Jen kvuli Desperado.. Uz dnes!!!!


 With less minutes, he is turning into a rough diamond into the season.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           510


 Yes was not dufficult, but some attribute in the certificate didn't look as i aspected/as i thougth


  is niiiice.
so, I've got 7 cats.
you could marry one of them ? :D


Guidelines on  to Scientific Publications and Research Data in   RT  A Florida man was arrested for impersonating a police officer to get a discount at Dunkin' Donuts.  great example of what an artist can do with a little time and space....  those of you more interested in     and  than  I highly recommend  D.S.


I don't eat a lot anymore and it's kinda scary. Cause I usually eat like 24/7 


 i saw the statistics today. We were leading but idk how its doing right now


 Thanks mate! But question, what organ sound? :D


 is soooo kadire!!!! He keeps putting his foot on my foot!!!:(((


 thanks. There will also be a load of new ones coming in the near future.


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  The Making of "Deorro - Let Me Love You ft. Adrian Delgado"


 Him saying about some1 he is "TOP 4" is his way of saying that he sucks but doesn't want to disrespect him too much.


Triple Channel Gauge for Plate Mill successfully approved     time to bring another top players, without it,one player will not win you the title.


  No co kdyby se patolog seknul? Tak ho doraz.


its so much funnier when you remember that Chuck is God Sam basically just told God that if he carried on writing the Bible hed shoot him


 I... I am flattered. Maybe I should tweet more of my real drawings, not just my doodles... Thank you! 


 country, the people there, the culture and stuff ._.


    Can't see that he distorted the truth as Starnes did.


 4 lazy sunday   Alina Baraz &amp; Galimatias - Make You Feel:  via 


Testshooting
Location: RV StP
Model: Natural Sylvia 
Agentur: Natural Women 
Foto: s.j.viktor  you go to college, holiday breaks mean so much more..


I'm at AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station (Praha) w/ 6 others  dont have to miss Reese's, Marshmallow Fluff or Jelly Belly in Czech Republic thanks to this guy:  i feel about everyone rn  I love you anyway &lt;69


No me han retwitteado ningn Tweet [ltimas 24h]   Jacques Rousseau~ The happiest is the person who suffers the least pain the most miserable who enjoys the least pleasure.


These new rules are ruining the flow of the game 


Absolutely: RT  Midway we have Braehmer up 6-0 over Oliveira, who is being outclassed


Jellyfishes can live over 1 000 000 years, because they don't have a brain. Some people I know have a chance to be immortal:)


This test is about to kill my vibe for the weekend..


  well,you need that, what I think I got it the last time about 6 months ago. :(


Nothing makes my days as much as seeing man u ichiwacha without Sir Alex.  David Moyes is actually just my yoib


I think it's ok for guys to get pedicures. They need soft feet too


Is USA really this fucked to need a look trough Birdhouse?


 pamatuje :D I love this...  to se ned zapomenout :DD v tom kin :33  dale Mehdoh, 6tag, Chronos Calendar a urcite by se toho naslo vic.


  That too, it's not as efficient anymore. Bloody IPO.


Lovin   Look. Shop It -       


Snapbacks.cz x Supercrooo x PSH: Vnon mejdan | Fotky | ji5 | j5.cz   


I've collected 48,825 gold coins!    


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  I wish people didn't lie to me as much as they do.


I really cannot wait for the finale of  !! I really hope that  will win!! So excited! :))


well If I Were A Boy was actually pretty good. Alex did a great job. 


     
One day i'll do that with you!:)  big Oh.. RT  S'pore property agents puff and pant as housing deals dry up...
 my only thought now
Your honest !?
hahahah
Btw, I really loooooooove Titanic
But I don't know anyone who love it to so much


I have this overwhelming desire to watch The Princess Diaries. The second one with bedsurfing Julie Andrews and Chris Pine.


63  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Thanks for following     (via  up?   Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


" Every relationship has its problems, but what makes it perfect is if you still want to be together when things go wrong."


VERY grumpy today. have to go food shopping and afraid of the mayhem. of course if it were up to me I would fuck it today.


Some English speaking couple just convinced the woman at tescos to sell me fags. Fuckin safe.


I'm at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) (Seatac, WA) w/ 69 others  a Stella Artois 4% by   YAM YAM Thai Food &amp; Caf   


 ang gulo mo talaga! Hahaha.. Relationships do change.


Gocap perlagu "    terimakasihhhhh sumbangan lagunya. Kalian luar biasa!"


So excited for my girl shantidas The Hip Hop Professional! Seen here with     sem directioner,selenator a smiler :*
 ( live on  memory of Elizabeth Hartman who was born on December 23rd, 1943 and died on June 10th, 1987.


    Nevm sice kdo je Zza ale dky bro :))  cosmonauts perform record-breaking spacewalk
 dr malay cuma kebagian ini. keduluan sm adek hufff  tribute to  at Waterkloof, Pretoria live on eNCA right now


Was out mountain biking 42.18 km with  See it here:  amibtel y ituetba tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: tiembla y titubea


 A novel is like two to three megabytes and can easily be found on any torrent or website..

.epub 


For all my Texas followers, ha hell here in arkansas buy a ring get a free benelli shotgun....  you might be hesitant to share your true feelings tod... More for Libra   Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


Norway To Digitize All Books, Allowing Domestic IP Addresses To Read All Of Them, Irrespective Of Copyright Status  of over 350 Black-throated Divers reported from southern Bohemia yesterday evening.   


"  I'm here, follow me please? ): Love you x9"


 [okosh adn jsab] (1933) Nell O'Day, p:two-reeler c:USA poin: 14


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


 remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 16


 hey, will you please follow me back? :) Id be greatful :)


 Not yet. I have to find out if this is already available in the Czech Republic :)


" i cant even lie, these leggings i have on make my butt look big. " oh lawd


My answer to How can I develop applications in HTML/CSS/JS for desktop applications?    and live online playbyplay at   right now im recapitulating mixmash first releases and im enjoying it! My fav is Road Trip by marc benjamin


A new favorite: Alina (Original Mix) by   on 


Tawang tawa talaga ako sayo today   Mabenta ka! Unbeatable.HAHAHA


thanks Christian! you inspire me with your support!      


EU
2013/12/20 16:08:51 UTC+9, 
Location 137km NE of Prague_CZ, 
ML3.0, TNT476.9kg, 
Depth 10.0km


 I burn more calories at gym untangling those things than gyming


Cryptocryptozoologists devote themselves to the study of anonymous and nearly untraceable animals such as Bitfoot.


Very few would say they have made it... Sincerely yours, happy workaholic  signed for   it's not him but welcome Galata fans made for    is like it would behim  I've put the laptop on charge and I am charging my phone via USB which is connected to the laptop. Technology


Reach on work for dem to tell me dey goin maracas for a bake n shark n come bk ..make me nt go


 mom: you haven't moved since I left the house 5 hours ago wtf

me: excuse me where do you think these chips came from


"According to this you were a party too.. "Uh, a party to , not THE party"


 i really admire you were able to sing after so many innuendos!! :D i would just die on the spot from all of it probably.


Missed my 7000th tweet :( but it goes to all of you as you are the best followers I have :)


warning: hella gay tweet
 everyone i've spoken to over the past few months. you have no idea how much you've helped me


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


12 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


I've watched "Poison Pen" (S2 E4) of Elementary (via 


Wed, 13 Nov 2013, let us all send Steve Zahn the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (46)


I'm literally writing sentences that are just a long chain of words with little logic or meaning. but I've learned that's what most science


31  RT to vote for our favorite couple.

Castle/Beckett   


 [qiyutel no yb] (2005) Denise Blank, p:mumblecore c:USA poin: 13


 thanks, hope all is well I. Londontown. When's the sequel?


Hexxit Together  - Volle Ladung Action (+Playlist):  via 


 I'll def. need it, that I know all too well ('._.) eish!


 Jawaban benar: robin of sherwood,  17/88124 poin


The Highest ROI Management Tool in Business | LinkedIn  Magnifico! I did not make it to Erice but saw many other sights in Sicily - Monreale, Cefalu, Taormina, Segesta, Tindari....


 And a very good morning to all of you! Even if you have to work during the holidays. ;)


Just in time for  Enter now to win a Stand worth $15,000! Follow instructions as detailed in the flier. 
 chillin. What up with your son? They home already?


Can't wait for Christmas hols. Effing looking forward to catching up on all of my fave shows. :')


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Korea - Village'. Join me in combat!    


I voted for Castle for Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   "Cardiff City Council today announced it will partner with BT to provide a free Wi-Fi network in the capital"  Peter? well that would be nice wouldn't it. &lt;3


Surprise party di ulng tahun ka icha dari teman-teman dan abangg    today's stalkers are so lazy they expect you to follow them.


Lb se mi video   NASA | Earthrise: The 45th Anniversary


 [tohrem elvo] (1914) Marion Leonard, p:musician c:USA poin: 11


Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Review - Featuring SLICK!:  via 


 me too. I could concentrate because I was looking at the name on her back. 


A huge congratulations to our Class of 2013. So proud. Graduation is such a great day 


 Jawaban benar: stagecoach west,  15/2579 poin


Ever notice how almost all trancers have sexy legs? 


Our friends at  write about capacity planning memory for real world apps:  Just downloaded "I'm The Melodyman (Hardcore Edit)" by   -  (via 


 no ted aby se to tam nezlomilo naopak. Ten unor bude zlo


I am a proud member of  - a wonderful place to find and work with freelance designers.


Photo Trumpet player by Slava Kroilov (    i have to say, never really followed football apart from when Czechs were playing but he seems nice. How was that book u got?


Off to Singapore I go. Of course only for business.


I've harvested 1,000 of food!    


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


I don't know why  still invite french politicians on stage, it is just boring for everybody (french included) cc 


I swear is this real!   " Time travellers,this might interest you RT  Seems Legit  ah ok next time I'll say that but let's hope there'll be no next time soon *painfullll* 


"Personal minimalist concept - Logo and Website", a project on  ::   liked a  video  2026 We build tomorrow | Construm el dem | Construimos el maana


How I would love to rock this bad boy in all my musical endeavors ^_^  collected 31,194 gold coins!    


Funny, I have a crush on the only person that thinks that Benedict Cumberbatch and Jennifer Lawrence look hideous. Good one life


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  GEORGIA SATELLITES  LP  same 1993  Battleship chains


IK claims"I have no doubts now tht PMLN came into power while inking a secret deal wid US over drone issue"BUT SIR WITH WHOM PTI INKED DEAL?


 ang sama mo, sinabihan mo ako ng gnyan.. You break my heart &lt;/3


I feel fine and I feel good. I'm feeling like I never should.


hustle so hard now money's not a problem but when you hustle so long honey's try and get up in yo wallet


 for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  q


 [krpjeaa eihtrkar] (2009) Aming Sugandhi, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 16


 Where Steve and Juju racing each other? Or to each other?


What's on in Prague | Czech mobile photo exhibition has just started! The event is on until the 14th December...  
Do Work (Bit Funk Remix)
LIVE on the air at 91.9 FM in Prague, CZ  LIVE IT LARGE!


mSpy app lets people spy on calls, texts, track them, see battery level. Undetecteable.  lovers, thanks for your support! The track is now available for download on   Member Park Lane International school organizes Winter Market on December 14th! Come and celebrate the...  R I D A Y . J U S T . A R O U N D . T H E . C O R N E R . C A N . Y O U . D I G . I T ? ? ?  "It's funny how you think you actually mean something to someone and they just turn around and prove you wrong."


Big black boots, long brown hair, 
she's so sweet with her get back stare. XD


 because I come home on 12th in the late evening ;-)


Really wish I could see Zachs reaction to that message I just sent him 


 I'm always just one stomach flu away from my goal weight, love. Cunt wait to see you!


Get it free: Snapheal Holiday Freebie: Mac App Store Best Of 2012  via 


 Merry Christmas! That's a good tune though.  :b


    SWEEPING DECLARATION: Friday evening we marry again, Lia will be the maid of honor


 Jawaban benar: the muppets valentine show,  26/349869 poin


 well i couldn't even if i wanted, i downloaded it straight to ibooks and don't have the file on my computer...


In 2013, everyone can have their own James Bond, tracking &amp; predicting their moves. It's been rather exclusive back in 1977.  


Beautiful creation for the winter season: Amazing macro-photography of individual snowflakes [10 Pictures]  one of the prev. tweets not tweeted at  was supposed to be. brain fart etc


 follow me please! i will have perfect christmas if you follow me!!! you are amazing dacer!! &lt;33))


Reverse interior design /  put everything you have in front of your house. Photos by HuangQingjun...  people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  York City Increases Its Resistance to Federal Entreaties on Foreign-Born Detainees 


 Jawaban benar: liars club,  10/360578 poin  1/319242 poin  1/2953 poin


30   Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


 it looks same and it hardly has any smell so there's no other chance xD I don't like taking risks so it's safe like that xD


 By the way, like your new theme pic. The world can always use more sideways children.


plaidalecki: buying presents for people who arent obsessed with anything is fucking impossible what do...  fun little interactive cartoon to explain the EU-Russia battle over Ukraine and others   was it that bad nana. Let me know visiting hrs. Will cum c u kaosane


The last 3 months of 2013 ended this year so perfectly. Hoping all the best for 2014.


I've collected 38,770 gold coins!    


Slacking off when I know I've got a lot of things to do  


New Cloudcast "Tajemn rok (radio City 93,7 FM) | tvrtek 14. listopad 2013" up now at  Check it out now!


 GETTING OUT-Breaking camp in Big Sky, hunters all gone, the last trucked   


           Khan,Pak representative to the UN, says that suspected U.S. drone strikes r effective but, by    se mi video  od autora   Wilkinson - Need To Know feat Iman (Official)


A new favorite: Stephan Cadeo - Blickwinkel by Stephan Cadeo  on 


Well thank goodness that the last dream I had happened last night/this morning.


 [lal thohrug eht itghn] (1941) Wallace Ford, p:nazi c:USA poin: 21


 I would at least use all the salad I bought :P


 Can I be honest? The story is rare. Actually she's the only bad actress in the cast. 


Just had a weird dream about some bad shit, woke up in the middle of the night to find that  is gone...gone but never forgotten.


"Hey, I was just passing by and saw you. And I really like you. I think I'll stay with you and never leave you." - my problems.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  week on twitter: 5 new followers, One new unfollower via  i upload
don't think
need for send to dad computer  have a job opening for a Technical Support for Denmark. Contact Me in Prague, Czech Republic  


this episode.... I know it's not Sherlock anymore, but this comedy show might be even better 


I just earned the 'Lager Jack (Level 3)' badge on   team in NHL had more PP opportunities than  They had 100 powerplays. All the way down in boston  with only 65 powerplays


I've collected 15,080 gold coins!    


 Jawaban benar: the legend of the 7 golden vampires,  35/337512 poin  1/22521 poin


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 [bsgu] (2003) Peter Kosaka, p:corruption c:USA poin: 4


I'm at Kongresov centrum Praha | Prague Congress Centre (Praha)  You got my interest but I guess it'd be hard to find.


 And by not saying it, I just mean if you tell peope they get it and they can't because Megan doesn't agree 1/2


 UGG Boots - Bailey Button - Grey
UGG Bootssale 40-70% Off UGG! Free Shipping All Orders No Minimum. 


mds me ajuda to caindo de sono sos  best song ever  


You lying that's not you just chill cause you making yourself look crazy man frfr . Like it's not even funny no more it's not you


 Never make someone a priority when you're just an option.


Katy Perry - Unconditionally (Official):  via  !!!!!!!!!! )))*


Microsoft Sells 1 Million Xbox One Consoles in 24 Hours  just liked " x UNION (Chris Gibbs) x HAZE" on Vimeo:  looks promising - thanx for sharing your knowledge all the time btw!


18  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


Rockets in  
Snapped on drift_innovation 
    Jawaban benar: lawless valley,  14/357247 poin


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  out the new 'Mash-Up Your Bootz Party Sampler Vol. 79'!
17 great new Mashups including my...  you want to be the winner of our first ever
IMPACT ENTREPRENEUR AWARD
which allows you to attend our iLab Acceler Jawaban benar: that's my bush!,  15/370469 poin


interconnected, living in cloud of electromagnetic waves. Knowledge and skills will be downloadable commodity. Time will lose its (3/4)


  Can't belive it, you're 22 but you stay young forever! Happy Birthday and Marry Christmas! Love ya &lt;3


   lmfao we can always dolphin jump like 


I don't think this was ever a PGA Superstore.  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  ow it can be,definitively.glad that only those two hurt after sauna:D gf always tells me: whatll do with u if u r 40-50?..


  glad you like it .. look me up when you're in Prahahaha ::))


" Did I hear that a new episode of Boondocks was coming on tonight !? " it's suppose to


 lets go with me ... I am going there on this coming weekend :)


 no words needed, everything these guys do is just freakin awesome. listening to the  over and over !!!


Handmade framed  Glass star bracelet   


Oh my gosh! Last episode of  was so intense,simply EPIC!! Can't wait for season final!!!!


I got a tiny wee bit emotional at at Turlough's exit. he had quite a nice arc there,grew as a person. the actor found the right tone for him


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


jacesclarissa: damon broke out of an impenetrable cell because he needed to find elena hahah im fine :)  the hacker behind the Stratfor hack, is getting 10 years - Guardian  Allaah, grant authority over our affairs to those who are the best of us, and not to those who are the worst of us. Ameen


 I did it! I feckin did it! now I have to make my peace with the fact I'll go to bed around 1 but who cares. LUTHER!


The Compleat Terminal City  Been meaning to check it out. On Sale now!  The trick is to not let people know how really weird you are until its too late for them to back out." Lol 


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  of the Past                      cause of what my guy?what do you do ? no offense


iTiVi - Free online TV Channel - Watch Fan Clip Contest Reality Show FCC Reality Show Episode 4  via 


 I'd take a selfie to show you but IT'S STILL FUCKIN DARK OUTSIDE I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL BY NIGHT HOW STUPID IS THAT


Chrome Dev Summit 2013 starts today - watch the live stream here:  so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x44


News Use across Social Media Platforms  Kde konzumujeme novinky?


Fethullah Gulen: "Discovering dignity requires introspection and self-criticism. "   I just wanted to say THANK U for everything!I have a bad time rightnow but bc of u I still can smile everyday 13


 i love it. Thanks for this Perfect album  i love every Song


99: I miss you na din! =))) Sana magkita na tayo soon! Stay good and magsipag sa pag-aaral ha? God bless! :)


 are you fuckin kiddin me is that shit even real loooool


45  Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


 Dear Jean-Albert, yes I'm singing them in Dresden in a few weeks' time. I promise to record it.


Linkin Park - What I've Done [Official Music Video] [With Lyrics] [Full HD 1080p]  got so many alter egos you'd think I'm schizophrenic!lol


Chtobu ne proizowlo, budew' ty moim samum ojidaemum gostem)


Prague Post on the restaurant at The Augustine  posted a walk in 0:00  with  Check it out!  


Hi kapatid ni ella!! Happy birthday!! Hope you have a good one!! Good luck sa examss!!  


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  BLACKFOOT   LP Tomcattin'  1979  Fox chase


Your extra efforts will likely pay off with a bonus check, the... More for Sagittarius  views of the  Plateau  club  (10th hole)  Jawaban benar: foreign correspondents,  22/366518 poin


I am voting for Castle    RT to vote..


Private function to plan? Let us know and we can make sure you have an amazing time.


 so sorry that it took my so long to finish your book :( But I finally did and let me say you are an excellent writer!! Love you!


Darwin diary 1859"1st Edit [of 'Origin of Species'] was published on Novr. 24th &amp; all copies ie 1250 sold first day"  DC cop charged with taking lewd child photos while on duty
 [ogdo yad rfo a giahgnn] (1959) Joan Blackman, p:gang c:USA poin: 22


Survivorship Bias - The Misconception: You should study the successful if you wish to become successful.  na dneek: David Garrett - Paganini Rhapsody (On Caprice 24):  pes 


Beata Rajska fashion show tonight for  collections! Missed the debut at  You don't want to miss this!  


 Erm, you havent been at the event, have you?


 if I feel unattractive I usually look at pictures of you. &lt;3


I could watch that Negredo assist all day long. Unbelievable, that. 


 whatever u want and plus I can sleep over if you want at least my mum said that...Vodka? but I dont have money right now to pay u


Remember that time when I said "fuck me so hard that I will just fall asleep after it" ? Yeah, now I'm real about it ;_;


If I had Gatiss and Moffat here right now they both would be dead!


  Ale no tak. Holky byly grogy par hodin po tom kolotoci se SWE. A lesby, do Le Premier taky chodi nejaci buzici, ne?


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  completed the mission 15 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!     Is this going to happen again in the future?


  hemos busteao tres en top 15, itm en 9 


-sweats- -leaves room in ugly panties and jacket- quest for toilet


Quartette Humaine Tour in Copenhagen, Denmark  Fourplay  jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Starry Night, watercolor, 41 x 29 cm, 2013  kola(2,3 km), 3 rzn tempa 5'55"; 5'07";4'33". I crushed a 9.1km run with a pace of 5'15".   makes me sleepy. And that's an achievement bcoz i'm almost never sleepy


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  version 1.8.8 of  is already serving, feeling the announcement soon.


Today stats: One follower, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  [hte aimn arhtcerca] (2005) Nimo Gandhi, p:passion c:USA poin: 18


I prolly should be sleep ....but you gotta enjoy the moments....chilling with my German family. 


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 [eb ltils] (2006) Dallas Willard, p:religion c:USA poin: 8


The Lone Ranger Trailer  Johnny Depp 2013 Movie - Official [HD]: Thumbs up for Depp!  Jawaban benar: prelude to a kiss,  17/329509 poin


Gabrielle Aplin - The Power of Love:  via  Misfits ! :D


Yonathan you suck at tic toe thats why yo ass won't Pokemon battle me


  a co HoMaM 3?? Dodnes si pamatuji 32167 na ern draky a pak jet starcraft 1 - show me the money.


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Diana Ross - Missing You (Link's Majestic Bootleg)


Novinka pronjem:  9000 K/ms.  ernovice  


 I think I have enough cookies now. Planning to visit the Christmas market tomorrow. Watch your mailbox ;-)


 I really don't expect it, no sign of it on the website  people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  did the twitter bird cross the road? To collect my weekly stats from  26 followers, 22 unfollowers


..and painful to see her break down in front of you


Very first review of DeeOrange in  with great video. Thanks   mi si film Hemp Gru - Mary Mary feat. Ras Luta, Siostra Mariola [VIDEO] (DIIL.TV HD) w    Fire's Reflektor: What a brillant new record!      day to visit us and the European Space Expo in Lisbon.
You are welcome  said it before and i'm gonna say it again. Henry Green is the cutest kid ever and no one will ever convince me otherwise.


Good morning everyone:) New  2Night!! So excited!!!


 look at my horse, my horse is amazing, give it a lick! 


A centrally-located large hostel in Prague Chili Hostel is surrounded by historical monuments, restaurants, pubs, clubs and shops.


" Happy birthday  looking! How is everything with you?


 Jawaban benar: that's my man,  13/326975 poin


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               279


With Enrollment Slow, Some Democrats Back Change in Health Law 


Exclusive: Reuters investigates business empire of Iran's supreme leader  (2013) Danny Boyles worst? Silly would-be mindbender with a disappointing finale   


Planet likely to warm by 4C by 2100, scientists warn newly taking clouds into account.

 10 Worst People to Sit Next to on an Airplane  new favorite: Coone - Words From The Gang (D-Block and S-Te-Fan RMX) by   on 


38  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


Lb se mi video   Grand theft auto 5 [Slovensk letsplay] - Ep. 2 - Di mi pivo! w/Selassie


Omg!This grey sweater with this orange stripe on the hood and the diagonal zip want it! Definitely too expensive, is it?:-( 


 type it in the Twitter search bar. It should come up.


 Hi Gustavo, we've published new version of  where problem with ads should be fixed. Can you test it pls? thx


Lb se mi video   SAS Forum: Data monetization at Verizon, by Accenture Interactive's Craig


U got sense juneosswi "5yearoldkid: [confirmed] lee junho is a fanboy of lee junho  Barriers to Innovation      any chance to get native   Same roots OS as  same development tools...


 - and again: if some of my friends let Foo Fighters' Everlong calm -&gt; friendship over


Is The Americans a TV show worth getting into? I've heard good things


16 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


  this is unbelieveable and very inspiring! Thank you


Vinte chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


 whats ur most fav song by Backstreet Boys? Mine's prolly Incomplete, well maybe I want it that way.actually I love them all.


 You can access the 12 000  documents we used to verify Public Protector prov findings here:  shall I start dressing up in the bathroom or are there cameras too?


  okay then . Nanti pasal nama aku tweet kau eh .


Steam Autumn Sale: Flash Sales  December 2nd:  via 


I don't like the attention of others,I can't imagine how hard it must be 2be famous!paparazzi everywhere,no privacy.But they chose this life


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:10, noon 11:46,  16:22 CET (UTC+1), November 12 | daylength 9h 12m


Stripes! RT  One of the lucky last people to arrive... Of course, it's    how old are they? .. Open Kids - Stop People! (Official Video):  via 


As if his name wasn't dope enough;  In Effect Mode by Morbidly-o-Beats via   liked a  video  Pro C() - (Bad memory) feat. (K.Will) Music Video


Sculpteo Partners with French Post Office  


There certainly is tangible  of  - otherwise we wouldn't be online, would we?  


 i have dd7 and i saw in your pedalboard dd20, some tips for dd7?


Lidar visualisation and interpretation workshop 2014 in Esslingen, Germany. Registration is now open.  mysteriously filling up with anti-Ukraine protest pages:    This unfortunately you can not know ... :o but it's ONLY twitter...actually - nothing important. Only crap, crap, crap...


Citymaps Is All You Need to Plan an Urban Adventure  review for  - 'Good but not fantastic.' -    AM Fog/PM Sun today! With a high of 3C and a low of 0C.


 sism orosmnsi' stohsg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: miss morison's ghosts


15  17. 12. 2013 Evaluan vkend / PSP head of operation  Guava framework is becoming mainstream  4.8% of 10,000 Java GitHub projects are using it.


 why would it have to do with me? I only pointed out it's a Christmas classic on both sides of the border *sighs*


Were Close to a Good Deal with  Why Sabotage It? | The National Interest  stuff this time by Fritz Nuerk ( is called  EP. Check this out! Available from 27 December.  the depthslies the closest ever guarded secret of Christmas.   See? Like a lovely wife ... ;D Hope you're having a really great sleep.


 i thought u were describing me. everyone wants to be me. Tibah


It's noon on New Year Day but Happy New Year!         ok sure ;) but trust me it wouldn't make a difference lolx


My Polish taxi driver leaves his window down to curse at people after he honks at them 


Gold is always better         Film &amp; Theater Center has 10 complimentary tickets to vandovo divadlo's production of The Good and The...  Sleep tight and calmly Hope you catch my subtweet


 an idea about a "the simpsons" episode, marge would be addicted to chocolate and she would be FUKKIN FAT and she would go to detox


 mrknul bych na Buffetovo portofilo,  , teba tam najdete inspiraci a kdy ne, tak Bitcoin:-)


The Real Oil Extraction Limit, and How It Affects the Downslope    pes 


 No ve ctecce to vygeneruje tohle, proste to maj cely i na webu


 
Ina, alzheimer's lady: "Bus comes every 15 minutes."* House: "Oh, shut up."  Autumn cup grandfinals: PewQ vs Ghost_Bomb game 2:  prostednictvm 


 [cajk e:rde oen fo our now] (1995) Wally Dalton, p:murder c:USA poin: 25


 Awesome AlunaGeorge Remix dude! Very french, much classy, so cool!


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 kakmed ulgthn? aihhh wkwk happybirthday kakmeddd all the best fr u yaaa! o:) di plg ga nih? traktir lah:p


you know that i can use somebody  Justin Bieber


 Thank you Sandra! Glad you like my presentation! Hopefully you'll find some of the material useful also for your own marketing work!


skippin most of Eric Roberts stuff. not taht I don't like him but McGann he's not. (he did a good job playing Shane's dad on the L Word tho)


what kind of sick school force girls to go swimming or do things in pe when they're in period that should be considered a crime


Here it comes. Winter. 10 best cities for a winter vacation: Prague...   Some support from small office in Prague. Go on, Ukraine!   :)


 Drugs. Or sex. Or alcohol. Actually. All three together work fine.


Happy weekend from  ( In the picture the " street" during one of our tour)     new office is ok but the long drive is annoying, mainly because there' so much traffic!There was little traffic on my old route 


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Stahl 2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012       glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


yang mencintaimu cuma aku. yang menyayangimu cuma aku. cubalah menghargaiku.


 ah there are so many.. and they look so pretty () Was the cartridge enough for all of these? :3


 [drmea nda icnnonet] (1994) Jim Haynie c:USA poin: 18


 you can be my brither too!! come and join thhe family!!


 we had them here a month ago, the jp ones are a bit different


 prig of hte atnelsrgr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: grip of the strangler


 Now I re-watching Monty Python Flying Circus. I love their english. I miss it. And of course I love their humor. :-)


Job opportunity: Senior Executive Search Consultant(s) &amp;  at Pedersen &amp; Partners - Greater New York City Area   found it in the lower draw...taking up space, so trying to erase and um sell it/give it away...BUT I've forgotten how to!!!!


Russia upsets Norway in men's 4x5k relay in Lillehammer...1.6 secs faster than Norway 2 &amp; 1.8 ahead of  &amp; Norway 1 


Announcing "I'm offended" is basically telling the world you can't control your own emotions, so everyone else should do it for you.


 [nbae ekca] (2001) Chikara Inoue, p:1930s c:USA poin: 9


 next time like that!;)  Sassy ladies on the town, 1960s   Otazkou treba je, kdo to vsechno plati? Obcane zadny ANOfert nevolili. Babis by mel sve role striktne oddelovat.


I haven't recorded or played a show in years but I still can't stop writing pages and pages notebooks full of songs something's don't leave


 to spend $970mn on storing radioactive  soil
 gonna do a pray by...We gonna ride by and throw some lil green bibles..."


 [eth eajicn nidisockn ldnmoegi ngayce] (2006) Virginia Villalovos, p:modeling c:USA poin: 36


I'm at Potrefen Husa Beerpoint (esk Budjovice, CZ)  Oh,that's so sweet... and btw you look so hot!!


Ver estas vistas es precioso!! =) ....      I would like to see him going over to Mugabe his old friend, lol


For more pillow fights in the world! Ideally with   with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


  I paid it online by my credit card and I've never have any problems. I bought some DVDs, 2 Reba books, albums...


people asked me a lot . what songs i listen to whenever i hv my earphones on. since obviously i always hv them on. like always.


Searching for  on social media, great idea! Now I can procrastinate by thinking how to look like one...
 Webinar has started. Now on: Herve Ribot (Leti) 3D and Photonics Convergence for Very High Bandwidth Chip to Chip Communication.


       Naples, Italy  love organizing my life with Wunderlist. Get a month of Wunderlist Pro for free here:   Bread challenge - Try to eat a slice of bread in 30 seconds without water. ;)


Ukraine: Protesters don protective gear as they prep for Maidan battle
 seen him twice now, but never had my guitar along. I'll try next time ;)


Constructed in  is so boring. Give me more coing to play Arena only :(


 Hey, how r u? 
Nice to hear that Mabel is now doing better...:-)


Oh man these Disney movie can really make me cry and laugh in less than a minute.


 im gonna make you some food .. mmm you can tase somethong from italY:* and i will bring you starbucks specialities:*


I could make a little video about my room lol, just showing it and stuff and maybe my PC but nobody would watch it anyway


I liked a  video  The girl who silenced the world for 5 minutes


I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Ptek: ORCHIRA, a -43%"   wanted to come over for cookies last night, don't tease him with pies


 backlinks backlinks, its really awesome link building site starting from $1,  with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Crazy Frog Racer  - Hey bejby (StejkGames):  via 


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Folk punk cover of  Pushing Onwards from VVVVVV. Yes, it has been done and it's neat.  liked a  video from   Free Amp VSTs: Getting Amazing Metal Tones


  It is not that hard to write "No", Blacer. 


 also Reus and so on it's crazy how many big talents are playing here. But I can't wait to see  back. Would be perfect


" The prettiest girls be the ones not wearing that much makeup if not any at all" science


More than a third of all YouTube viewing comes from longform content  via 


IBTN review courtesy of   The CD is available here:  - P


Like I have said last night, Suarez's top form has really left AVB jobless. Di Matteo is in their radar?


My mood today is like sunshine even it's snow.  Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** 12


 is a thing I wrote about a thing that happened in my life. its about hangovers and breakfast at 4pm


 the girl in the tub with the fish scares me a little bit


  of democracy. After all, I don't see much difference btween this democracy &amp; d military rule.only then can we see reasonable


  a girl's love of shoes doesn't matter on the era... D.S.  Jawaban benar: the terry and gaby show,  23/327888 poin


Long Vintage Dress Black Satin Fishtail Cabaret by prettyinprague  via 


 [uistdo 06 no eht tusnse isprt] (2006) Tara Golson, p:judge c:USA poin: 29


Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model. -Vincent Van Gogh


 RT: Back  project on Kickstarter and get your made-to-order denim jeans:  Christmas all, enjoy what you have and who you're with cause to be honest that's all I care for


Innovations across the entire value pyramid of the biobased economy  and deep is the commandment of God, but we take the path of arrogant judgment instead of compassion,


 it's said that when u keep on havin back problems it's coz u feel too much stress and you put it all on your shoulders.


7  Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


 This place has just been hit badly.   You Use Bitcoin You Can't Go 'Back'  And That's Its Fatal Flaw | Wired Opinion |   tampon &amp; pad companies:
please make ur items quieter to open
sincerely,
the whole bathroom now knows I am on my period, thank you


 even with more reliable software there is the cruft that accumulates. Some factory reset will likely be necessary.


Gold, fine fragrances and wine - how have Christmas investments faired? - Money Marketing: Money MarketingGold...  Jawaban benar: apollo 13,  9/134 poin  1/81 poin


. is flirting with his callers. Tut tut, Mr. Morgan! (can you tell I'm jealous?)  ;-)


Happy birthday to my Virgin Mary. Keep all my family and friends safe.


 Jawaban benar: the love for three oranges,  26/362629 poin


 rihmesfa'ns whraf tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fisherman's wharf


  yup sat  will again find something against her !!!!


 check out this new remix of Miguel's Sure Thing!   this guy  is the best of the West! It is a treasure!


I'm at The Death Star (Prague, The Czech republic)  IPMS-CNT Industry Partner Day 20140206 Invited talks from  Infineon    have all these game ideas but no practical means to make them happen (at least while I study law), so I guess I'll just write design docs?


Podoba mi si film Top 10 Minecraft - Spleef Arena [ w    [ildef] (2001) Muhammad Ali, p:communism c:USA poin: 5


Citing Feds Efforts, Bernanke Says U.S. Economy Is Growing Stronger 


2013MacBook Pro Retina
Air Incase Japan / Perforated Hardshell Case  have Wide Road on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 !            abohemianstateofmind: a bohemian state of mindhere  shhhh could u just act as if you were hard to find


You gotta story you never tell down at the delta they're ringing bells...  CLASS


The Dresden Daily is out!  Stories via   


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Good piece of  on "calculated gesture of an autocrat"    and maybe change shoes to heels when you'll be near the entrance to give the people tickets to let you in? :( your legs will


Merchants overly bullish for Liv-ex 100 predictions: Twice in 2013  once at the beginning, and once halfway t...  potebuji. RT  Beer and Bread have been showing off the magic of yeast for thousands of years, we   have you got Czech on the list? Vesele Vanoce (vess-el-air vaan-otz-e)! A very MERRY christmas to all ;)


Coming back to twitter after a 3years break under another account. Fun...


Photoset: bloodedlilyofthevalley: damthemboys: unicorn porn. but I find his extreme laughing kinda hot...   Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


I don't understand what is going on on the internet anymore. Like seriously. 2014 is strange. I am opening bottle of wine, i don't care.


Now I know the religious reason for baby crying after birth. It is because the shaytan touches them. It is a hadith.


Morning Parade: Alienation - Music on Google Play   Sick people. Especially those who say that he's disgusting cause he's gay &gt;_&lt;  


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


 Jawaban benar: the barber shop,  15/354986 poin


Today stats: No Elf followed me and One unfollowed me via  S EzyWay JSME DALI DOKUPY VANOCNI VIDEO !!! NECO K ZAMYSLENI.. Peace&amp;love&amp;understand&amp;support&amp;recycle

Hudba...  That's a good one! Must remember that for future use :)


NSA spied on 'World of Warcraft' and Xbox Live online games  [boyd,ego ym canfy] (1951) Frank Conlan, p:college c:USA poin: 17


" Diane - My final thoughts on Diane and my flight today  Thoughts of every annoyed passenger tweeted


People asking me if am attending an event yet we not even friends like that. These white kids need to know their place!


" Your words can stop the drama or stir it up. Press pause before you play someone's game. 


" my dream is to go back to peaceful Pakistan. Malala 


I'm at Letit Brno Tuany | Brno-Tuany Airport (BRQ) (Brno) w/ 3 others  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


We use  not Ember.js - here's a write-up if you're trying to decide via   


 Also write for  and for Kiss from the World. Also write fiction, book reviews for Kosmas, etc.


whatsapp, imsg, twitter. sedang mngapikan org nih. syok lak


Hey     you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


can you imagine a day without THE1975 music? well  just had one...and it was HELL! I'll be listening to them ALL NIGHT!!! finally I'm home!


 FCB!&lt;3 :*           xo


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


 Oh yeah. I've seen the posts. It looks pretty bad doesn't it? I don't have time to watch it these days anyway


I have House on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


I'm at Socha svatho Vclava | Saint Wenceslas statue (Praha)  say a prayer for Ethan Miller. He is a very little strong boy and have to fight so much with his illness and now he is in hospital


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  porn = child abuse.  Teenagers addicted to porn.  12-17 big consumers.   porn a damage to young personality


Create a Mini PC or Server with Olimex's Olinuxino A13/A13Micro: 

                          ...  jo, ufff uplne sem se zapotil a muj limit na kreditce taky


  I want you two to sing every song ever written. Your voices sound so amazing together. 


 Tested it from here and it's working. Takes a while to load, but it should work. Try clearing cache, too.


Today stats: 3 followers, 7 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  Hi! Is there a way to set my local time zone in Easy Chirp? Thanks a lot!


Ready for the show in czeck republic in teplitz w/seditius!     Mark McGann's voice is exactly something between Paul &amp; Stephen's. scared the fuck out of me! :)


HiSRC simple jQuery plugin for adaptive images (+ network profiling as from foresight.js)  /v 


Why do I ache so much when I just sit at a desk all day? 


Good morning  ... WOW. This is our beautiful country !!! ;)      added a video to a  playlist  Lorde - Royals (US Version)


Womens' voices not being heard in peace talks  Jade Rabbit Rover Aims For The Moon On Sunday | Universe Today  makanya jangan, ntar beautifulnya ilang :) RT  Belum tau ya cewe beautiful marah?=))) wkwkk"affan_skyfall: iya atuh ampun ah


29  Pls RT to vote for 
Castle 
Castle/Beckett  


Khwabon K tootny se dil K tootny tak...!
*;*
*"*.  dost."
*;*
".Koi aisa Dard bata..!
Jo hum ne saha na ho........!by ARMAN KHAN


 nooooooo
i can say 'pascal' in a really cute voice but that's it


Late night with lynnetaher      there wasn't before, there is now. RT   Is there still a drink called 'Beton'? (Becherovka and tonic)


 I think the cake was alcohol, I see already faces, horses ...


The Best Way to Learn the First 1,000 Digits of Pi  just uploaded "'TEASER' - Maturitn ples 4.A" to Vimeo:  [eth imacg tndooaruub] (2005) Robbie Williams, p:sorcerer c:UK poin: 20


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 tell me have you seeeeen the marvelous bread fish


  haha right.  myth was destroyed by an awful  team. Defense much?


You're sad without him? Apparently, he's happy without you, very happy!!!


Tiffany Jewelry Store,www(.)tiffanys365(.)com,Christmas Gift,Cheap Prices,Huge Selections,Free Shipping!


Fin day 2 ... 144k...average 143k...64lefts...  


Had an awesome night, showered, sleeping on clean sheets, life is good 


O Allah, we seek refuge in You from an ego that is never satisfied.


 is perfect place to experiment  


 Jawaban benar: jackie gleason: the great one,  29/341702 poin


 Jawaban benar: derren brown plays russian roulette live,  40/360011 poin


I've harvested 563 of food!    


I favorited a  video  tv total nippelmix best of 2013


 I have no words...that's just so sweet from you 


 All a question of perspective :-) How to know if a Finn is introvert or not? The introverts one look at their own feet..


you've become what i hate
sold yourself for a bit of fame


BEWARE  I am coming to take your jobs away. Yeah, all oh them...


Breathtakingly beautiful...   Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  in   across the range of  regions, - we should keep this in mind, -  ideas at 


 I also couldn't sleep:-/ what do you do when can't sleep, Barbara?


 Was just on 3-107. No issues.

Might have occured just as it came up?


Shit. Broke the neighbor's fence. Can't play pond hockey in the backyard again.


What? Reverse Intend of social networking - h/t   


11 mld sttu,739 miliard  -ovi a spol.,pokud by se prolomily limity na SA
   


And so we have to treat everything that comes to us - as for the good, coming from Him.


Want something French in  Visit French  (21-27.11) with ten pre-premieres!  Tickets just 90 CZK!


Looking for some last-minute Christmas presents?  has some left for you at  Check out our latest work!


Handmade framed  Glass star bracelet   


 time in    Vnon trhy | Christmas market  Kings 2 Let's Play: Bohemia Part 21:  via 


This is awesome!!  Recreates Theyre Taking The Hobbits To Isengard Viral Video  via 


I'm at Hotel Juno (Praha, Czech Republic) w/ 2 others  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


Charles Peguy~ He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.


 will you marry me? I found rings in my pocket.


Chce nechce, je to tady    Alfarezidence   no prece, aby davy iphonistu nemeli starosti se shanenim adapteru :)


Judge criticizes lack of prosecution against Wall Street executives for fraud  via 


Podoba mi si film Cliffs Of Gallipoli (2008) w    stop at barns for a little my cousin is bartending Im paying my little cousin to drive us so no dueys for u


Good morning, today - art of 3D mixing course in 3bees studios by Deccart music production school.


Tvrci Fallout Resurrection pouili v intru sockho Mushroom Clowna  To byl fr, nebo pelap?


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 When climate ineffective way to help &amp; poverty very effective, you say 'let's spend $xbn on each'? $2xbn on poverty is better


LOL!!!! :'))) " GOAL ROONEY! Adam, not Wayne, and Oldham lead Wolves 2-0 in the cup"


 [unyjoer orfm akzsrna] (2010) Lobsang Dhamchoe c:USA poin: 20


Not that I would need it that much since Rdio works swimmingly well, but I am sure happy to see  in Czech!  3D printing store in Mexico opens doors  


   i dont think i would be able to say a word if i met him!  :-D


Jak to romantika! Jsem tu ale sama, lol. ( Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square w/ 4 others)  back when I you know, only watched it, wasn't working on a PhD in it, I remember seeing Matt's costume for the first time...


Moyes looked fucking frustrated right now sitting down there on the bench and talking to someone. 


"My friend is a teacher and wore her hair to school like this yesterday! Best holiday hair ever!!"  saya bukan suka2 nk PLAY  , bila awak dh puas PAUSE , bila dh tak nak STOP


Party like theres no tomorrow! Photo by Ondej Suk.   a mid player who hates to play botlane, i tried Lucian mid yesterday, and it was awesome experience, good job  ! 


Norwegian association of the blind -- Could have been worse  stand begging for that which you have the power to earn." - Miguel de Cervantes


I will only say yes to a marriage proposal if the ring is equally or more awesome than this   no ja se ted z ty postele muael vyhrabat na obed....nic moc teda


Invest Online Ltd, The Best Online Investment Company.
 isn't 1 model type in MVC. There are 3. DbModels, ViewModels and InputModels. Each has it's own responsibility. Take it into count.


Assisti a "How I Met Your Mother: Bedtime Stories" s9ep11  


A one direction quote. Really. I kinda feel ljke rating this book a whole bunch of negative stars


 eth narleohsi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the lionshare


GAK!! RT  Gw bantuin sini is RT  Bingung bosen bete *ambiltali* *gantungdiri* *talinyagkputusputus* *atapnyaroboh*


 advent .... never heard of that? It means the arrival meaning countdown to Christmas .. 4 Sundays bevore the 24th


 In experiment after experiment, people responded to positive visualisation by relaxing. They seemed, subconsc...


 trick dm your number to me! Idalina left her phone


Kingdom Come Promises A Different Kind Of RPG | Rock, Paper, Shotgun  a beautiful day here in Nebusice, with a clear blue sky; the teachers are back already and spending the day...  Gift Ideas for a Traveling Loved one       


 yea i used to draw a lot and have wanted a tablet for a while. also osu


 tatre!shde tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: shattered!


A flying trio with Umbrellas by Mosaic House, Nove Mesto. Just saw them, author? Thx    person followed me // automatically checked by  apple chips! (Dehydrated Honey Crisp Sliced Apples). Left side has cinnamon and right side is  Premier Not Happy to Attend Mandela Funeral - ABC News  (via 


            it comes to supercar looks, it's a very close call right now between the McLaren P1 and the Ferrari LaFerrari


Training session cancelled at work: "Unfortunately due to a snowstorm in Tel Aviv, our consultant was delayed"


Dolovn Bitcoin je pkn drah sranda * Bitcoin Mining Uses $15 Million's Worth Of Electricity Every Day - Forbes  Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
 C is fun :) Javascript not so much for me though :)


Was out walking 1.15 km with  See it here:  for teen found shot dead handcuffed in police car ends with tear gas, arrests.  3rd  such case.


    Looking forward to see this in WP8.1 / VS2013 Up1 :) Btw what about adding PathIO / FileIO to WP8.x?


I slept for like 11h... That probably means that New Year's Eve was perfect and it really was .


 het amnigk fo h'te ionr 'gtani tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the making of 'the iron giant'


Wine investment firm The London Vines collapses into liquidation -  Wine investment firm...   I'd like to see what happens if QRK and DOGE are having a baby..


 want to go shopping with mum since we're basically the same snail speed stopping everywhere xD


WO2013182654A1 Dewatering A Fiber Web Using Ultrasound     everybody loves you you are just so amazing and kind and aww (too much??!)


as I was walking up e street yesterday,(16-12-13) the Lord cheered me up!!! I failed 2 reach my fwend whom If I...  time with mom at Riverside. Stuck between a rock and a hard place.... I don't know if I should still leave for Cali tom.....


New Year concert of the Czech Filharmony with dirigent Blohlvek  completely sold out! I weep...  and Loathing: A Note on the Assassination of Sitting Presidents...In the  Shaan Joshi     


OEF Europe 2014 News: 100% thrash metal from Sweden!!! WARFECT!!!   Really bullshit that opinion mate, agree with you.


 you are harder to get a reply from than Total Biscuit.


Strange, we've published Win8.1 update of existing Win8 app, but the Store still shows only the Win8 version. Any idea, what's wrong?


 Jawaban benar: malaikat bayangan,  17/349831 poin


it's ok to have lots of sex
it's ok not to have any sex at all


*watching the pretty fireworks display*
Kacy: This is so sad. 

I feel her 


Rewatched this   about a man's  on the Camino de Santiago!   


Okay, so my landlord needs to crank the heat. Me and my roommate are in the bathroom Bc it's warmer than our rooms to study in


the least expected place to find yixing is behind k.will


No one is immune to this modern obsessive documentation of the self...  via  


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Porn Sex vs Real Sex: The Differences Explained With Food


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           591


Prosecutor in  orders  release, renews  detention   GREAT dominatrixes        


Do alba Citadel of Glass bylo pidno 2 novch fotek.  Images targeted in antitrust complaint by creators   liked a  video  Yonas - Pumped up Kicks (HQ) [Lyrics in Description]


Jozo's gonna bulid a jozo fan army and try to tako over the world. with 20 people. and the worst part is, they'll succeed 


New Year's Eve concert ( Obecn dm | Municipal House) [pic]:  Thanks Adam! Yes, my point exactly. Design-research tandem &amp; speaking the language of your client can take you all the way...


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  theres anyone who like me didnt see that vid before... Watch it &amp; cry...    


Planet  Yuri Manga: Comic Yuri Hime November 2013 ()  of team coolOrange at      insights: RT  Node.js replaces Java at PayPal - to have one language in frontend and backend  play Europa Universalis 4 - part 50 "Never surrender":  prostednictvm 


 [gcsldiokol adn eth hrtee bares] (1939), p:gun c:USA poin: 30


In 2013 more than 4,5 milion people searched for their holiday in CeSYS. It's about 10 percent more than in 2012.


December, ladies and gentlemen. Have to mention it's 8 degrees out there.  8888 wooyy globe di mo ako pinapansin nung pasko! Jk sobrang creative and smart and responsi mo+++! Sml for you!! Sana maging friend tayo!


iPhonR  Tweet tadi double meaning so jangan tanya kenapa someone nak charge iPhonr guna charger Android.


 Thanks for info, permissions were not set to public. It's fixed and available now.  am crying!!! you are so perfect!!! &lt;3 ( live on  Lol y'all I'm terrified of the girl off the ring " lol oh lord


Have started to clean up my flat, then moved some furniture around - and now it looks even messier than before. Now how can that be??


On the train headed back to Prague! ( Linz Hauptbahnhof w/ 3 others)  yup that's okay with me as well ^^ anything is okay just snow under my coat not xD


I've harvested 1,387 of food!    


The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. (Eleanor Roosevelt)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   yeah, I'd have to buy like three to got that, lol


 keep that wine to urself,dont want to pretend on it lol we saw each other like only twice since Im back.but Im patient person


Samsung Galaxy S4 a Note 3 dostanou Android 4.4 KitKat koncem ledna  niceho, co se stalo, aspon budu mit, co vypravet detem. 


 [rsntgliyiua] (2010) Tehmina Sunny c:Australia poin: 11


 we have young tackling safeties that need to learn confidence. They need to learn the game. Reed can teach that. Did it in Bmore


 Jawaban benar: bilur-bilur penyesalan,  22/9843 poin


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


I'd still rather get a Windows tablet, rather than Android.


Sometimes its nice to know the people you follow so you can read their tweets in their voices :)


Ang tunay na lalake nga siguro
madaming babae pero, ang Matinong
lalake isa lang ang babae.


 THANK YOU SO MUCH for that amaziiing night! It was my 1 concert ! And... seriously no words. MUCH LOVE FROM AUSTRIA follow?


"There are still no good games on the PS4 and that didn't stop it from selling like hotcakes." Mit diesem Zitat verabschiede ich mich!


King Crimson "In the Wake of Poseidon"
Found this in Watch Later. Not familiar with them. Good slow song :o)  Akhiles,Goethe de Faust olsayd,ne Homer Akhiles'i ne de Goethe Faust'u yaratabilirdi.


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.  yeah i grow up this season &lt;capo&gt; i am pro now &lt;capo&gt; i needed only one season &lt;capo&gt; dew played 500 seasons and is still bad


I've collected 10,276 gold coins!    


After a good first day yesterday races hat to be cancelled today due to grim temperatures....  with Swarovski elements and framed glass, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 Yeah cos Casey was like good guy but he was a huge ass. With Cliff you at least know he's an ass from the beginning :D


  some bad comments. but im more "usual" user, i dont get some things advanced user might :-)


Mfs lookin at me crazy when I walked in the gas station like dis  clock. Prague. Don't think it's referring to it's size.   Prask Orloj |  is a lie there is only passion through passion I gain strength through strength I gain victory through victory my chains are broken.


 No worries, safe travel! See you tomorrow 


Anime episode updated: Kingdom 2nd Season  31 (  ) 


0-1, through ball from Geoff Hurst sees Sir Bobby slide the ball under Brown


Hust... | Russia: Crashed pilot may have had fake license  via     


Should not be tweeting at 4 in The morning time to put the Xbox away for awhile 


and now, back to the regularly scheduled buggery of writing a thesis. only 2 weeks to go before deadline. geronimoooooooooo


Good morning HURTS friends,Theo &amp;  Adam/pic from Prague 08-11-13/     out running 15.14 km with  See it here:  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Prague hosts one of the most-impressive fireworks display in Europe...

Read more:...  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x36


 aww, that's shame indeed, but I'm still happy I get to meet you finally xxx


 [ihecalm] (2003) Dinkar Gavande, p:police c:India poin: 7


Romanian police brutally remove protesters opposed to Chevron fracking
 of coaching staff.. Who do you all think we should target in free agency? Not position.. Players. 


Hello from  Back at last!    Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  person followed me // automatically checked by  I follow you here so I know when you upload something :P really nice video and chromakey quality btw. :D


already a great day from morning, now Bayern losing, Plze winning, me winning a title in  wow


Imagining in the possiblities..will lead you into your own Success...


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   Love is like new shoes, they just make you feel goodhahaha"


      running now bs, bbl :-)))) need quiet and no disturbing


Novinky z FAnn a recenze Whipped Creme od Max Factor :)...  grow up is to accept vulnerability. To be alive is to be vulnerable. -ML'Engle"


How Does Data Influence Marketing Decisions? -    


Discover the secrets to making money online as an affiliate with Click bank,   sdn 33 bungotanjung, alumnus sdn 04 petang gadang, alumni sds yappenda " sdn 011RT"  alumni SD mana ?


I liked a  video  System Of A Down - B.Y.O.B. 


Once You Use Bitcoin You Can't Go 'Back'  And That's Its Fatal Flaw | Wired Opinion  look on this guy's face says it all :D       lo! Wkwkwk thanks deng!!  happy birthday kil, makin jago dance, moga bs kayang smbil jalan. God bless you


 b:oaypyl wet &amp; ildw iii tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: playboy: wet &amp; wild iii


Next person on my timeline to defend the redskins coaching staff is getting unfollowed. Point. Blank. Period. 


Everyone in Czech drinks beer over water because beer is cheaper


 Day 11 K Kuala Lumpur so called KL my love and favourite city in southeast asia -  Method For Checking A Separation Point Of A Photovoltaic Inverter, And ...    Maker VX Ace is the first software on Steam with Steam trading cards.  Are More Likely to Survive a Plane Crash than Click a Banner Ad"   Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


My Top 3  Artists: Childish Gambino (26), A Tribe Called Quest (15) &amp; Hopsin (15)  budak sorg nih . .. dah jarang contact dia . Plus skng susah nak contact dia :( .


 Morning, C Team! Hope you all have got your thermals on :)


Li Ka-shing, the richest Chinese, bitch slaps China's central "banksters", invests in  firm  rkiyc iergavs ilev 2: sitcopli tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: ricky gervais live 2: politics


 wah thank you so much Sam! &lt;3 you're so nice, thank you so much! :'3


96 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


"There are a lot of beautiful homes. This one is absolutely stunning (album)":  via 


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Ih kirain teh sekelas-_-  tapi kelasnya sebelahan da, mau disalamin?? show user dulu dong :)  Kelly Andrew - Beyond the Stars (Orchestral Mix) [Abora Recordings]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance Sessions EP....  planning isn't just for big firms      flights cancelled and more then 6000 flights delayed nationwide  that's ridiculous


 Where can I sign it? DAYS! And I need to drink wine during it as I hate sending them when mad. Wine solves everything, of course.


LG's Chromebase is a Chrome OS-Powered All-In-One Computer  Bidding Begin for the Bay Psalm Book From 1640 


Know someone for this job? HR generalista  specialista na ZP in Prague, Czech Republic  


I'm listening to La Primavera by Manu Chao on Pandora  


Finally cashed unipoker $8 freezout... Played really well and relaxed... Out at 7th 99 &lt; QQ for $35


Admit it, a jet pack would be pretty cool. RT  ...a Tech fan would spend the cash on a jet pack....


I think I have lemoned and gingered this cold to its death


    a big thank you to you and a wonderful Christmas, I wish you


I totally agree.  What the actual fuck! They are letting other people to  party. Definitely 


What a baby that got punched in the face would look like      the photos from the Autumn Screening  


I've collected 11,642 gold coins!    


he is so bulky :o  RT  131123~24 2PM Xmas LIVE in USJ JUN. K 3  There should be a basic edu request pending for  Any status update on this one? /cc 


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings.   


Everything Wrong With The Return Of The King:  via 


Handmade Ice pink and Carnelian framed glass earrings.   


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Anders  My main goals for the season are the Four-Hills and the  for sure!  


8000 (okof nolplu..) | periodo is 8800 16uma tempo 11:15ut  harvested 980 of food!    


The letter from my friend's daughter to The Tooth Fairy, I tried to translate it from Czech, LOL  shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


whuts wrong bby? "  this hahaha look khun expression, i can't stop laughing =]  Run' Movie Possibly in Works With 'Harry Potter' Producer  new favorite: Van Did - Rosa (Original Mix) [Traum] by Van Did  on 


Im in the top 1% of readers on  See my  for 2013:  Tattoo Private Atelier
Model: Zuzana Strakosova - Official
MUA: Stepanka Kotalova Make-up &amp; Hair &amp; Styling  opportunity: SW Tester . Are you a fit? in Prague, Czech Republic  


 can I have a follow?  love from Czech Republic xx


 thnkxx. I wish you &amp; ur Family peaceful christmas time. God bless u. Greeting from germany Fan;-)  ain't barbie so don't think that i have a tigh gap just like these  paintings in the Shop section. this is art that meets you where you are + then takes you further...  Ya, it's way easier to see highlights and stuff. Let me know if you need anything video-editting related :)


What? Haven't tweeted in 5 days, damn who knew I was gone?


Which is why shaking hands not good thing  The number of people who pick their nose in public is very alarming.  


 gssenei fo hte tba tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: genesis of the bat


WO2013182288A1 Power Supply Device Having A First Output And Method For Operating Said Power ...    stats: One lovely Elf followed me and One unfollowed me via  in Peace Mr Mandela you were a true liberator 


I'm at ANF Data, a Siemens Company (Brno-tice, Jihomoravsk)  Should I Put on the Homepage? - Whiteboard Friday - Moz  pes 


if you know me in real life and you follow me on twitter, just remember one thing: 
What goes on twitter stays on twitter.


 his back made a popping noise yesterday &amp; now he can barely move.. He couldn't even get into bed


Lewandowski:") " This is getting closer and closer..  clashes in  as activists break into Chevron site (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
 POeTrY
&gt;Pushto_URDO
&gt;IslaMic_SmS
&gt;FunnY_SmS
&gt;NewS_SmS
&gt;Inf0 GK_SmS
&gt;SmS Show
&gt;
Follow 

Snd 2 bar 40404


Five Types of People Who Kill Innovation | 15inno |   Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** 5


new Pics of  and  at Chanel Fashion Show After Party


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  can't wait to hit the stage tomorrow at Hard Rock Cafe Praha! Are you coming to join TRAM69 for some...  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via   same, as not important, as  told, as 27/12, 30/12 unable deliver (code 11), and 01/02 code 15 :-) *  :-)


Just bout had to whoop an old mans ass tonight. 


Asthma and pregnancy:     


Amazing video with ex  Ilya Kovalchuk. His skills with two pucks are amazing. Shame he is not in NHL anymore  78 degrees outside. Like no...it's December not September. Stupid alabama weather 


2. Michael Retouch - Atlant (Original Mix) [Atlant Music]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance Sessions EP. 158...  grateful for those kind little notes that let you know that you're still loved even when they unsubscribe.


12 Gifts for a Traveler... other than a flight!  Omlouvam se za ironii, ale obcas mam pocit, ze nebyt malych brambor a  tak musime prasatum davat velke :-)


 your twit pic is definitely the most adorable thing I've ever seen.


Just got this  sticker. Check out my 96 other stickers on   


     sick leave, taking antibiotics. :-( she has angina or something like that


Mirror: ''Oh, You look cute today!''
Camera: ''LOL, no.''



 so we HAPPY BELATED HAHAHAHAHA blow and eat ourselves. SHE DIDNT EVEN BRING BACK THE PRESENT/CUPCAKES


Grime delaj vetsinou lidi z ulice co nemaj moc penez a sou nasrany na svet tak to ventilujou skrz music...


 full Windows Store + Modern UI app integration? Otherwise PS4 should also ne a home entertainment system ;)


 omg omg may naalala nanaman ako :(( yung sabi mo ako sumagot ng telepono mo tapos anoo.. Jk please tell me gets moo


Completed today's  workout - 83% score / 4.81 kilometers / 00:06:35 pace / 31:43 min / 387 cal.


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


you're doing it the wrong way Harold i thought you were the banana man.


TTG Czech Republic: Praha v novm kabt, prohldnte si propagan foto. Prague has new visual, look for...  Oh. I know in the US they just did some gift card things.


 lgasen'a iocnsdie tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: angela's decision


Czech unions welcome programme of forming govt coalition: Prague - The coalition agreement of the nascen...  


Finally the second part of our C-Beams set   / Panorama Bar.   ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 84


I've collected 11,185 gold coins!    


I would quit studying today, just to work for  on improving  Its a  and somehow 


I've collected 10,390 gold coins!    


63  Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


"A life without coffee? I don't think so." via   Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


The main tourist drag moves to the Old Town Sq,celebrated for its astronomical clock, whose doors open on the hour to reveal apostles.


Tatneft general director Takhautdinov resigned at today's management board meeting. He was the  CEO since 1999 


 work or something because I don't want to study again right away. I want to take time to think about what I want to study then as


Paul Walker was joining charity for Typhoon Haiyan victims before the car accident that took his life. What a lovely end. RIP, man.


the Spanish team is struggling to beat South Africa


I added a video to a  playlist  Katy Perry - Unconditionally (Official)


 I'd compare her conversations to saying "ugugaga" as a baby when compared to this. And there's also that I didn't sleep last night


Battleship dohrano. I kdyz by se to spis melo jmenovat Battleshit! Obvious joke is obvious.


MTV DANCE - The best Silvester Sound. Alles andere ist Bullshit...


 hope so, Matt. Planning to have a pint before the game, so hopefully we can meet up.


 Your bear drinks beer - Il tuo orso beve la birra  


New Years Eve program at the hotelu Venus (31.12.2013)

  [.rd eilpgeil'ss enw astsatnsi] (1942) Nell Craig, p:hospital c:USA poin: 29


Wallcreeper spends second winter on the walls of old factory in Merklin, CZ. Present sice October 24th.   video by   on what women in science encounter on social media. "Where My Ladies At?"  harvested 1,940 of food!    


 vows to collect lunar samples in 2017 after successful mission -Video 
 at time 02:22, Saiga in action with PowerMag for original russian magwell(with Conversion for Molot Vepr 12).
        


Na Instagramu mm 22k followers a z toho 17k je tzv. Ghost followers :D


 an meine ganze wundervolle  xo 
 to my whole wonderful  xo


video of cops killing dog is not how I wanted to end this day :\


Scientist to Shaun Ryder about UFO's "In 25 years I've never seen anything that can't be explained" Ryder..You've never been to Salford then


 Danke. 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 



Happy Birthday Cute  I hope you have so much success in your life. Xoxo *-*


But i have that one friend yg sama taste music dgn aku. Tapi wanita la. Hehe


400-Pound High School Running Back Is a Force of Nature  wobell is not my thing but wolstenward thats something else


Suicide bombings on the rise among   
    ANYONE IS FREE TO JOIN CMON I AM BORED TELL ME HOW YOUR DAY WAS ARE YOU SAD HAPPY ANGRY?


 Good morning and nice tuesday for you too. Thanks for voting :)


Lb se mi video   Isaac Asimov predicted the Internet of today 20 years ago


I have been trying to get people to care since I was 12 years old.  I dream of the day when people can behave like "human beings."


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  watching old vanilla  PvP movies sure makes me want to invent time machine.


Courier 19/13 * Planning Weekend Impressions * Urban Outdoors Contest -  musis kupovat ty posledni u cile to je investice 


 just most logical and as I know you (in fact I don't) you surprise us all...


Its great working on Friday night. I feel really great when I know that my work someday help someone.  


lovely kitty watercolor by Clare Turlay Newberry  via 


Lets play Megaman Battle Network 2 - part 67 (German):  ber 


 [e:enldywws inkc &amp; asjscie] (2003) Cacee Cobb, p:newlywed c:USA poin: 25


 aw i have that one in fics recs.....i think?? ;;;


  because it was not an insult.Radek said that Nole not playing was like ferrari left it garage. But it was meant well.


Translation Trends 2014 survey, click here to contribute your views:     


The curious case of Benjamin Mouse: Aging reversal coming soon?
 UK launches consultation on new spectrum allocations for future mobile broadband use -  people don't suit flatforms and you girl are one of them 


Enfim na minha necessaire! Lady Danger, todas tm que ter.      you are the fans of the NFL, please pay attention: NFL jerseys,35$ only.ALL 32 teams.  Germany was mentioned quite a few times on your show today. Appreciated, but at the same time it always makes me cringe. &gt;&gt;


  Awww, it's so cute when billionaires give a a small chunk of it back. Makes me well up.


Sunday at work...thanks  ;))     rain or snow then :/ And hope you'll get a lot of pics of Hoya! :3 Is he your bias? ^^


Sam and Andy (Rookie Blue) 21%
 Mary and Francis (Reign) 14%
 Emma and Hook (OUAT) 14%
 Damon and Elena (TTVD) 12%
WTF?Who is Sam and Andy?


Good day everyone
Clear your mind and smile, is a beautiful day


Is  really booming?  

Hats off to  That article was garbage.


  oh my god  Justiiin!!!! Tomorrow I will see it!!!!! The TRUTH!!!! I'm soo excited !!! Thank u Justin! Love u &lt;3 &lt;3


Let's hope raph is never stuck alone with any of the brothers. Except simon, he's alright


Ballmer admits Microsoft needs a new leader for change | The Verge    urbeatsy od senstation xl, soundmagic e10 czy a-jaysy two ,oto jest pytanie :(


 yup, it's sweet and it's got raisins in it for eyes and mouth ... yummy indeed!!


 They play like this almost every  but its only place where their magic works 


Stats for the day have arrived. 4 new followers and 13 unfollowers via  grandpa is a retired mathematician. He got bored, so he decided to build a castle by hand. It's   do I love this city so much?  Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock  [rgnealni ot lfy] (1986) Geraint Wyn Davies, p:nature c:UK poin: 15


 If anyone is making these, definitely want one!! :D


Throwing stuff away with style.  I. P. Pavlova (tram)  anybody send me THIS version of this song???  Singapore launches $15m program to develop 3D printing  


I just ran 8,28 km  a 5'31"/km pace with Nike+.  


It was actually Kiev Central Stadium. What do I know. My point remains the same.


Tax return and 500 CZK off registration fee if you register on   by November 30  The  when I was younger  with very Long Battery Time. 


I thought these were games coming to eShop soon, and not "coming never", so what's with the Nicalis footage?


 please stop killing me softly with your one shots 


Photo: itsallabout2pm: OkCat making its drama debut on Prime Minister and I.  Vladimir: Sanco a Jasno na cestach: Druha sbirka soucasneho ceskeho autora obsahuje opet verse, ktere...  a Great Book... Dear Mr Branson, I really admire your work.     unlocked the Bling Bling achievement in FIFA 14!  at TravelFREE Shop Cnovec (Cnovec, Czech Republic)                I hope they put him on a line with Mike Bossy.


  nebud smutny Emdy dame party a do prace nechod :D


 I'll. Need to wait for gf, she's still in metro :-/ hope I'll not eat her instead


 Did you run after Scootaloo in the woods again?


USS Ronald Reagan sailors report cancers after Fukushima rescue mission via     The rejections in that cocaine party vid  firmmLOOOOOOOOOOOOOL


36. Funabashi - The Legacy (Stoneface &amp; Terminal Remix)  


 do you know that 3D physics have Min Penetration For Penalty parameter? Default is 0.01. How big is your cube?


 Jawaban benar: on the way home,  15/360890 poin


Leadership comes from the heart. Be passionate. Be human. Be real. Then all the rest will follow.  completed the mission 41 OPERATION CRUSADER with three stars!   kter m letos nejvc bavily: Rush, Iron Man 3, Thor 2, Catching Fire, American Hustle, Silver Linings Playbook, Kings Of The Summer


I can't wait to be old and fat and not care at all about eating nothing but cheese all day.


Handmade Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


I love my grandma... but why does she behave as if I was my dad. So much 


 [eth ndrtooa] (1917) John Duffy, p:two-reeler c:USA poin: 11


The Ultimate Guide to Juicing, Coconut Oil for Weight Loss 
 Say what You want??? You have nothing because be sick. I want You!!!


Bylo potreba si udelat misto na salat ;o) I just ran 7,58 km  a 5'06'' pace with Nike+.  


Only 3 days left until the WC starts in Klingenthal! Sven Hannawald will be there as well!  Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 uan


Scotland must be braver! Some stirring thoughts from Greece on the currency question.   


How to Get Censored on Chinas Twitter - ProPublica  gets the girl? RT  Figuring out whether or not a person likes you is easy - The easier it ...  one feature Snapchat needs to add --- and it won't take $50 million - VentureBeat  


  ! ( Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square w/ 33 others)  Hi, I am a 4sq business manager &amp; I need an invoice for claiming a business ($20). How do I get one? Thanks so much!


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           792


 haha if u have cancer yes not for recreational purposes.  It messes up people's minds. .


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Laaa itu pun comel? Hahahaa peliks lah dia ni. Em tak nangis cuma teriak xD joke haha 


borobudur" Kamu ada rencana ke mana liburan akhir tahun nih?


 Jawaban benar: film-fest dvd: issue 1 - sundance,  33/351360 poin


  whiterussian808       just ran 6,25 km  a 5'52"/km pace with Nike+.  


Drinking a Kruovice Imperial by The Royal Brewery of Kruovice  Karlovy Lzn    no way.new final cut is just toy, no serious work can be done there! :( its sad


15  The most incredible tvshow.

Castle   


If we spend our time with regrets over yesterday, and worries over what might happen tomorrow, we have no today in which to live.


 Hey, at least your name doesn't mention Jesus Christ like SOMEONE's name does..


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 4.1 C (39.38 F)  


UEFA Futsal Cup Elite Round in Pardubice Matchday 3 ...
     went from Google's Search page 5 to 2! Awesome :3


A 47 year old man at the bar just told me I have bitch written all over me


Tonight couldn't have ended any better. It was perfect.


    the way he picked them up and threw them behind the amp ... &amp; no, he didn't keep them


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Simi Hamilton celebrates his first ever victory in Tour-sprint in Lenzerheide  Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Crypt Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!   Haha connect to Jenkins, red lightsaber = build failed


Ziemlich piratig: RT  A Liberal Decalogue: Bertrand Russells 10 Commandments of Teaching  who wants her students to learn the dangers of posting your photo online"   than staging the game at a time which would allow fans to actually go to the game.


 bleeding, intestinal perforation and obstruction. Needs emergency surgery. Thats the complication of peptic ulcer. If not try PPI


BlackBerry Users Can Finally Switch To iPhone Thanks To Ryan Seacrest's Keyboard Case | Cult of Mac  mum pics of McGann today,after she asked my yesterday which Doc I actually fancy. she agrees abt the handsomeness. McGann is approved


 one of my friends tried to get me into k-pop in 2009 I think showing me Super Junior but I became fan just now _


bere we sora ucing ngagoak RT   aw ga sabar;$ jangan pales ah yahh yg merdu:p


 today we have -1 and next week it comes the first snow. Not my weather. :-)


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via            i know. I ve been there after your gig last year at the c club in Berlin. But Its not only for locals, 5 euros p.person:-)


saya takkan hancurkan hati apew awak bagikan pasa saya sebab saya hargai apa yang awak bagi


"Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth." - Julie Andrews


 Please, conferences, QR codes are dead! Its a geek thing! co na to  ?


Cakepan banget kali gue belajar nembak PCP (with Dian and Recky) [pic]   kindest compliment you can pay a person is to concentrate and listen to them when they speak - undisturbed and in the moment.


 Thanks but nope, it's just a lot of writing.. but thanks x


22  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Gonna watch new episode of  So excited!! All I want is  - I ship them so hard *___*


 maybe it's a hot guy and your mum is playing your wingman yea  lorde


  Sorry, my English is not so good ... do not always all about it .. ask your indulgence


koda Transportation and Alstom Transport consortium have been pre-qualified for the supply and maintenance of trains  lord... the Auburn cheerleaders are wearing those butt ugly sweaters.  


   Black Friday end up with a shooting spree with cops and robbers


AREVA Awarded Significant Nuclear Fuel Contract by Dominion     


Lb se mi video  od autora   Stagg SBRU10 RN Nylon Brushes - Demo with mics - James


 [crhot girnse] (1933) Ethel Griffies, p:adoption c:USA poin: 12


NSA Infected 50,000 Computer Networks Worldwide With Malware: Report  a new YouTube video! |  | Title: Even more Hot | Descr.: Recently saw IMMATOONLINK's video and thought:...


"gurn" should have been the word of 2013 rather than "selfie"


So you dont use it for internet porn? 
I thought you had to pay a subscription..
Nah.


 you are so pretty and your family is perfect  I love getting snapchats from you because you&amp;your your son are too presh


When we will be in Milano we will definitely visit Studio Museum Achille Castiglioni....      oh yeah, im pretty tired :-))))) sleeping like a baby


 Jawaban benar: think positive!,  15/371733 poin


You may be struggling to get to the bottom of a complicated si... More for Gemini  Currently the console output of objects and DOM elements is not really usable for web development.


Photek Sunbuster Umbrella Review  Rapid Gear Review   


Let me go home now! I've got a presentation on Germany to start that's due tomorrow!


14 Steps To Improve Your  Presence In 2014   via 


      happyyyyyyyyy birthday and properly Glorify :))) Love yaa 


Dear FrienD,s
Ali
tAhir
wagas
JunaiD
BulltRaja
nd all frnd's Mera Add apne d0sto tk ponchao plz


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 next time on  
?.. Blur - Song 2 (Madeon Remix)  


My favourite TED talk of 2013. A te u i s CZ titulkami. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! DOPORUUJU!  News out now!  Todays top stories via  


ActionBarSherlock - Action bar design pattern for all versions of Android.  via  


Think,I'm immune to chocolate... Not even a triple choc cookie managed to cheer me up... Or cheesecake before... Lets try ot with accounting


Which movie? "I am bad fucking news. I'm not your friend. I'm not gonna help you. I'm gonna break you. Any questions?"


Ha, what if soy milk is just regular milk trying to introduce itself in spanish?? 


 love you more sweetie.. Hope everything is okay xxxx


after several months back on the wall  ; just 4 very easy routes; My physical condition is far from satisfactory


 I never thought I will be fan of serial killer..but Im:) Dexter is really great serial


 &lt;3 Aw, I can only return the sentiment - you're truly wonderful and my life would be a lot poorer without knowing you &lt;3!


I have a high fever and After a long time, I even had hallucinations..I simply feel like a shit...and still - tomorrow I have to work:'(


[needrestart]  Thomas Liske - Drop version number from man page due Debian Bug reported by Raf Czlonka.


" I'm actually looking forward to going to New Bern for once " Lord


Dysfunctional Systems development is temporarily halted. :(  I know its abit late  but use abit of milk to stick them :) only a tiny bit though Genius.


Seriously. I'm reading through a "Kay Jewelers" magazine.


 Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany :)


  may come off as being rude, but they're just being real with you...as usual.


Say what you want, this is one of the best watches IMHO. Russian, sturdy, mechanical, handwinding Poljot Aviator.  2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012       00:00 - 01.06.2014 00:00

Theatrical aviation performances in the air and on the ground at the...  maybe it was his way of a teaser for their perf 8')


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 sw


school skull bag school bag shoes t-shirt flowers cool fashion   Really ?? :DDDD You are crazy forever :DDDDD So im unicorn :DDDDDD


Almost forgot. A boy who played like a man back then and a man who plays like a boy now. Happy 40th, Ryan Wilson. 


Don't get upset when someone starts putting you down. They're only doing it because they're unhappy with themselves.


 sunghram is that kid in class that tells everything to da teacher and be coz him da whole class is punished


 Ne, uz asi pred mesicem, byly jsme tam s  a  :)


Do you ever don't do a task until the point its almost impossible to complete it, but u still end up having it? 


So why are the people opposed to  so abusive and intolerant?


Even if your hands are shaking and your faith is broken, even as the eyes are closing... Do it with a heart wide open


Wed, 11 Dec 2013, let us all send Manoel de Oliveira the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (105)


 LOL THEY SO BAD. sehun kai chanyeol was shopping tgt then chanyeol nv notice they run away, walk separately to buy his present


 no tak hulan koupil na vanoce o tri telefony vic nez loni. Opravdu je potreba o tom tak psat?


 Justin? hello? you want to select a song from you to we dance?


2. Chase &amp; West - Nearly Blind (Original Mix) [Nexgen Sounds Records]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance Sessions EP....  reported a jam on Vrchlickho, Praha, using  - Social GPS.


 citam skor aktualne clanky a magaziny, no a oblubene knihy mam Vladara od Machiavelliho a Valecne umeni Sun-Tzu :)


Win 1600$ in Steam keys of the best  games of 2013!  !   stats: 3 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  olve nda a 4.5 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: love and a .45


RIP Bill Foulkes, Busby Babe &amp; survivor of Munich a Manchester United club legend. That night in the Bernabau a defining moment 


Hats off to  who is part of  RT    Sorry, in English with e at the end - Absinthe 8^)  Effective Timeline Post Promotions [INFOGRAPHIC]  via 


Hey  didn't know you have a hip barbershop in Seattle. ;)   Btw.Happy New Year once again! For your info-am having a few days off finally:-)


I'm at Obchodn Centrum Plaza -  (Plze) w/ 2 others  art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity - Douglas Horton.


5 tips for reporters entering the digital journalism world  via 


Tell them    These are not innovative at all. 


Mesti puas gila. :( " Menyesal x tgk the great gatsby kt wayang dulu. Hmmmm"


  yea it's not too many people on twitter who know what they talking bout musically


Interested in this job? Take a look: Sov administrtor/Lotus in Prague, Czech Republic  


Merry Christmas! Frhliche Weihnachten!
and happy holidays to you and your families. enjoy these days....  conference for  2013  Live stream from 8 pm:   think i was born to fuck peoples shit up and excel in the process


:)) RT  Guys, waspadalah dengan yang dinamakan the power of "aku begini cuma sama kamu doang."


robertnemec z agentury  j banan.cz na party   Savoy Coffee  "Vsechny filmy s  O'Toole vydelaly dohromady 70 mil  Pokracovani  za prvni vikend 73 mil USD." Jasne, 


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   we have the same problem with "Experts" in the Czech Rep. But the situation is out of control.  Drop the bass man the bass get lower, radio say speed it up I just go slower." Uh oh


Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. -The Reverend Jesse Jackson, American Civil Rights Leader


 found it in your inventory ah? i wanted to tell you then my net down -.- zzz


I might have just witnessed one of the most amazing TDs ever from the  lineman!    brew with a view     Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport  Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


 happy b'day ta sheil!!! Mkin cntik and pinter! Wish you all the best:)){}


Every little thing that you do baby I'm amazed by you


Prague public transportation during the Christmas holidays early in the morning?  and  Find your  


  you two should battle to find the best picture of Abed. I will use my favorite for my next twitter picture :D


hey hey 3rd of jan ! keep your pecker up ! club u ! into the future!  Bernhardt: Historie happy endy nezn   


I wish I owned everything on the brutal bands website. I literally want it all.


When you discover such a perfect and logic religion you really can't understand why doesn't everyone in the world sees the truth! 


one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  BLOG POST - Check it Out - The Journey -       


one more screenshot from that interview and you can call the ambulance for me


To je predsie :)  Chrm sv. Barbory | Santa Barbara Cathedral         se mi video  od autora   Igor - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy


My presentation on London and UK cities seemed to be a success. Good to hear after four hrs of work, no sleep and giving out all my candy.


I won't give up (by Jason Mraz) - MMI Modern Music Institute - Riccione:  pes 


movie indicators +/- 15 trading days: Money never sleeps realise date May 14, 2010 vs SPX trading TOP April 26, 2010


 but not deserved first team yet, better put kagawa


Can't believe I've been staying here for 11 weeks! 3 weeks tomorrow and I'll be home for a bit! Gonna be a wild Christmas holiday!


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 11 others  collected 10,450 gold coins!    


Looking forward to  this Wednesday!  Fun with hardware before the holiday.  :)


My week on twitter: 1 New Followers, 101 Mentions, 64.9K Mention Reach, 301 Replies, 66 Retweets. via  my Goodness!!! :O
 r the rumours true?!
Will you be the Doctor next companion?!
Pls answer!
   


Have you heard KVSH A LEAN / D - PARIS DRAUL / by PVRISDRAUL on   evrwhr.       Doma  ,liah hterrob tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hail, brother


 Just a bunch of people I hang out on TT with. D


 well, it's for volleyball girls but i think that is too much even for them. I will bring some to you ;)


 I hope u r enjoying NYC while I am suffering here in snowy Pirna with lots of  :)


 you can never go wrong with Fatboy's Apache  when someone says ten years ago I think about the 90s not 2003


 [fptcree autindnsrdeng] (1933) Mary Jerrold, p:honeymoon c:UK poin: 21


 best christmas present u received as child???   14


Marquei como visto Super Fun Night - 1x6 - The Love Lioness  


Lb se mi video   Restless Road performs a dream rendition of "Wake Me Up" - THE X FACTOR USA 2013


 feelings of bias by referees is often nothing more than misguided perception, but that table is just... wow...


"Never thought I would see the day the Killers were on the same bill as Jedward, Rylan (bless him), Two Shoes and Wagner."


This is a must have product, do not kick it until you try it!  doubt Angela Merkel would say this  Hey America!  said this  so go here! [] 


 [nnride ta fse'rd] (1999) Don Francks c:USA poin: 16


So, pillars were not archeology then. Bloke in yellow digger took 2 days to grind away those, now there's a crane too  RT " Prism ofc RT  Should I tweet ARTPOP or PRISM lyrics?""


   somebody stole your photo and deleted your name from it 


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Program na veer je jasn:  a skvostn Cruise, Moore, Macy....   Miluju tenhle film... 


 [htock] (1971) Walter Matthau, p:old-age c:USA poin: 5


44  The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


 [ceaf eth ucism] (1954) Tony Hilton, p:singer c:UK poin: 14


Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new unfollower. Stats via    for   engineers         :)


I am doing my best to reduce even this time...:-) The average housefly lives for only two weeks.


 thank you. the person supporting explicitly is the head of czech medical academy, not the chamber. but that is probably NTI.


I have no idea how could I get 45 hours in Black Cocks 2 multiplayer, it's an awful game. Battlefield all the way.
I think I left it open...


 I think that's the part I am looking most forward to! :) See you in Frankfurt!


Honestly, the first day's deals are nothing to write home about. Who doesn't have Bioshock Infinite by now?  


Found this shirt today. My friend had no idea why I found it so funny.   Nice to meet you all! Is PC Lyth Scottish, and PC Brittain English, as the background stones suggest? 


   Partly Cloudy today! With a high of 3C and a low of -2C.


American West rodeo cowboy white straw hat with traditional western ranching rope on a bale of hay i  Burinek ze Sunshine recenzuje pro protiedi.cz: Talkshow - Kunst...   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           111


well no i'm gonna ski and cry in the evening see u friends


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           583


A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is."


The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey (2012) - 73%
  Hiring: Finnish E Shop Customer Support  Prague in Prague, Czech Republic  


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  I was a Barca director who thought Kompany was available for 17m, I wouldn't even consider Luiz. The mind boggles.


Concepts, what if product ideas got developed by people passionate about their use rather than by specific roles?             Chemnitz is runing since 2 hours here in chemnitz. We are now in the middle of the last laps of  our  first semifinal


 [tegar caaotcghes brbyeor] (1945) Don Costello, p:loot c:USA poin: 24


Linework done by Kca         "diplomacy is specific work - job and family life are overlapping and it is unproductive amd impossible to separate them"  


    Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  just another day for you and me in paradise :&gt;


Today stats: One follower, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  defenders Martin Klein (29) and Jan Hoek (24) signed new undisclosed contracts with the club.


The Christmas Day Peak in App Downloads Is Weaker Than Ever  feel like I've changed quite a bit in the last few years, character-wise... I wonder if I'm the only one who thinks so xD


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


 - I don't have a problem with this concept. The problem is when we use YOLO to justify stupid decisions.  you miss the  session on "Drive by Contributions" with  &amp;  We got you covered:  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


Healthcare ia a human right,  independent from employment, poverty status. In solidarity,  everybody pays fair share of income. Single payer


 It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


 Breakout's here. My guess is we'll go to 975-980 before a mid size correction. (back to 870 maybe 830(not likely))


New Galaxy Gear Ad Shows Technology Can Fix Your Love Life  or to think that he was just experimenting and got bored of me


"Some Kind Of Beautiful (feat. Lindsey Stirling)" - Origina...:  via   Love this song


"Sometimes you have to stop thinking so much, and just go where your heart takes you."


 happy birthday cewe imutttt :3 makinmakin deh ya O:) hihi God Bless :* selamat tahun baru juga :$.. Folback sekalian :p


    so sad your profile picture is a badge of a non league team, I rest my case


Take part in this poll and vote for the feature that you would like to see the most in Space Engineers  just got a mood boost through taking a bath holy shit


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 21.75C ac foris -1.63C vre esse.


I favorited a  video  Super Smash Bros for Wii, 3DS - Rosalina Announcement Trailer


Yall See My Steelers Doe...Now We Just Need To Put 10 Ppl On Calvin Johnson


 what??? OMG, I really hope everyone in there is okay!!


Strong  photogallery of Kyiv protests in the snow.  Die Every Day in the US because of Child Abuse. Donate a tweet to Raise Awareness at   


Up in just over 3 hours &amp; I can't sleep! Stupid meeting tomorrow!


Sex Dragon! Love this hair!!!        Morning!! How would you like to spend this day discovering a new exciting city?


I was a huge fan of  but I don't like the direction of developement. Converted to  configured behave like good old cl.ly


I unlocked 3 Xbox Live achievements in Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag!  all own something to hold in the night
We don't care if it hurts

or we're holding too tight  


The Planet's 24 Largest Social Media Sites, And Where Their Next Wave Of Growth Will Come From  via 


Wishing a big up to my latest followers    have a wkd weekend! Don't do anything I wouldn't ;-)


Still angry over the statement "if you were a guy you'd act and think differently"


 Exactly and in 2014 it's very important to cover the season opener, many things will have to be explained (rules)


. Thanks for telling me about "The Essential Scratch and Sniff Guide to...Wine" on  BookVibe.  Mr Letoooooo! Will Adventures in Wonderland be available  for Prague 30.06.14????!!!))) Cannot wait!!!!


AP poll gets it right and moves  down to  Obvious that the  is weak


coach rajan says I have a secondary tear in my quad...


Homemade marbled paper from yesterday's bookbinding studio, so excited to cover my handmade  And now for something completely different...,  exam!


I just liked "Playstation logo animation" on Vimeo:  ah ok, but it's not MY band actually - but you know that already. But yeah, I gave me the nick after them as I like them, too


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           518


Ask no one for directions except employees on the train


Me: tonight v impt 
 tonight got what?
me: exo showtime, exo.. exo exo exo..!
sigh poison deep deep


Bye Bye Katerholzig EP von Sascha Cawa &amp; Dirty Doering ...   postdoc and 2 phd open positions at our department  [bngei jhno mhiklaocv] (1999) Gregory Sporleder, p:portal c:USA poin: 20


78  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


why do people say new year new me? no, it's new year, new mistakes. cheers 


Lb se mi video   My Chemical Romance - Rock Am Ring 2007 [HQ]


Little Adam at work again;)We are preparing iPhone version of Mr.Fox&amp;shapes!  played with that PS3 controller OVER 10 HOURS now without charging it, still fully loaded WHAT THE...


The surprise we promised was our New Year video, even though we released it before we reached original 7000...  washed my deck today. Like peeling plastic off electronics for 2 hrs....pure joy."  looking forward to see The Hunger Games: Catching Fire tonight


 Then you're feeling better again? Happy for you!


I've collected 19,550 gold coins!    


Lb se mi video  od autora   Ultimate Funny Guilty Dog Video Compilation 2013 [HD]


Today stats: 2 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  we don't actually do rotations this side!just the usual clinical stuff , boring as ever ! And non-dent related courses ofcos


Junior            vs. Right: It's a  Research Finds | LiveScience  please, follow my girl   she loves you!!!


GQ3 Tips: Create multiple checklists in single action. Separate them by enter or simply copy existing list from other document or email.


Welcome to the world Martin Casillas Carbonero!!! Be the next legend yap like ur papa ;)


 I loved the music video with all the national flags.


 Jawaban benar: movie house,  11/3597 poin  1/375274 poin


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 mhm you're right.. I didn't realize that at all :/


Breaking it up into quantized parts of finite length and number is a beautiful antithesis to itself. The whole artwork is a paradoxon.


I'm invested in  (e)GARDNER on the Empire Avenue Social Market  


Game-like navigation in the built-in 3D viewer. This and more improvements in the new version 7.3. Just released.


My 40year old boss want to talk to me. Hope about anal sex. I'm affraid not... 


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Club Des Belugas - Straight to Memphis (unofficial video)


Lol I swear I be getting mad for no reason like what's wrong with me ?


"Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving." - Henry Ford


timto bych Vas chtel upozornit na muj novy serial David a pivo  Govt continues to give special treatment to illegal alien lawbreakers    


aku tak pernah tutup facebook, walaupon takdak noti yg masuk. setiap noti yg ada, aku harap drpd dia.


     not really, still 12 to go :-))))


 [csoecr's rdah men] (1992) Billy Bremner, p:world-cup c:UK poin: 17


happy birthday to my favorite drummer  , enjoy your day, i hope it's a good one!! :)


Another iOS app translated to Czech. Weve wonderful language. Good feeling, app will be available soon in App Store.  was spent Christmas shopping then drinking and smoking with my honey and my cousin and her honey.


Happiness: 40% is a BIG part to influence! via    grandfather's cousin just told me I got "bigger" since I met her 3 years ago so HAPPY NEW YEAR


   He left the island of Empire to see a hunk of what they'd lost. Islands of   just voted for Hunger Games   Retweet to vote  via 


Android aplikace pro uivatele SpringerLink a ProQuest optimalizovan pro tablety a chytr telefony  I love  s Lost In Paradise, one tpof the best tracks of this year


   
DJ FRESH - GOLD DUST (HEDS SHY FX NO DNB EDIT)
LIVE on AIR!  Prague, Czech Republic
  


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Your pleasure: my pleasure.  Marvelous moments exploring the labyrinth whilst touching your inner thoughts. Your...  Christmas Market in Dresden is nearly ready.        in the mirror!  Not so bad..      Kaufland  kitchen pottery: Nina's hand-thrown "odkapva na pbory" (cutlery strainer) on      from the right bank of the       jsem jako oblben video   Foreigner - 'I Want To Know What Love Is' [Official Music


BEYONCE BEYONCE OH SHAKIRA SHAKIRA oh god that was my jam when i was like 12 how embarrassing


 [reevy ogdo gamriaer siegnb wthi aesrt] (2006), p:bangladesh c:UK poin: 37


I've harvested 29 of food!    


 clouds of money warping culture, so is gamification of education just another power grab? Is it healthy? What are we losing?


Still debating with myself what was the best movie of 2013. what do you think?


U.S. Internet Stupidly Slow, Report Finds  Much of Europe, SE Asia faster. US ranks 31st. Spy interception takes toll


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


  our ferry is also cancelled - another night in a danish hotel


True art in all its forms isn't a simple pleasure. It stirs your emotions and makes you feel more alive than before.


Anybody wanna order me a pizza???? Anybody...oh no one...ok ...super hungry and don't feel like cooking


Multitouchbar  Client: Red Bull Media House Agency: Looom  I hate when people think I'm in a bad mood just because I'm being quiet."


Prijemny vinny vecer s plumfoolery a Kristynkou z InYourFace. :-)  admit it... Watching "the empty hearse" again.  
I can't help it  looks so good in a coat.


TIL one Dutch town has a flag that looks like I tried to sew a Finnish flag

 feeling when you are happy, because of  in tv with  Shit


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 10 others  Musicians Old City Peshawar (Pakistan) January 2002..David Dare Parker / Network Photographers  my dear Friend        


  we solved it (hopefully) yesterday.... but I dunno if the fixed version is live (iow.  ;-)


Wenn Outlook aus "to think" "tot hink" macht. 


just use translator becouse it in slovakai language.  City Tour (with Indiana, kaka, and 8 others) [pic]   new Blog post, summary of the main events that happened in prague this semester ! 
 necessary to find a steady rhythm at work because your co... More for Sagittarius  need you to show me the light  Justin Bieber


I've collected 11,065 gold coins!    


   Yeah. Probably better, you are right.


 whoa that's a lot O_O well there goes my self-learning ahaha


Casual Sex: The Most Promiscuous Cities In The World                                           I'd just tease a girl about being horny and hit once it's over. Can't do it lol.


Lmao he literally shits himself hahahahah RT " Scare Cam  Homeless Veteran Who Was Transformed In A Viral Makeover Video Has Been Arrested  I am on my way.. I am starting running. He calculado que en 2 semanas llego


The new  Space is Deep show looks brilliant:  rights activists from  Life Movement gathered at Prague's important traffic center Andl on  (tef nolplu..) | periodo is 2800 16uma tempo 02:15ut  on  208 you can win a free CD release from me ReOrder, Just keep your ears open during the show and win. 


Added suggestion 4  'isDeviceSignitureTrackingEnable' on W3C dataLayer spec:   Online TEFL Course shameful behavior. A bad day for 


 great job today as expected from our Juntagnan!!  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  grandma and grandpa keep talking about how good the bass is on their new sound bar for the tv


catherine's pics are still a top story on my fb feed satan why me


lmao last.fm says i listened to Help 110 times this week thats a bs i listen to it quite a lot but not /this/ much


In memory of Katherine MacDonald who was born on December 14th, 1881 and died on June 4th, 1956.


 makes me cry and laught almost at the same time!! Gooosh, i love this film as much as  !!


I'm only just listening to yesterday's  show on way home from work. No whoa-boy anger here  Afflalo's on my team+...


I just used  to sing along What Is A Youth by Nino Rota   screen of death...Windows 8 knows how to surprise me :D  HR Professionals Use Social Media [Infographic] -   EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


Programming language from the kinder-garden?   kinda extreme...


 get back to me when you have your own answer,I already have mine. ;)


Me and  ran out of Sol - resorted to white wine.   


Great thought by  All your startup needs is sales. Everything else is bullshit. Sales fixes everything...


  jamming and recording Songs with him...that would be the most amazing thing that could ever happen to me.


yes, a coverup. but a different one. Saudi "hijackers" were patsies.  Part of drill that went real. RT  There's (1/2)


It's not all positive, according to Forbes: iBeacon In Apple Retail Stores Has Limited Appeal   there has never been a better time to create a brighter future  Great. Looking forward to it! :) On Wednesday at least I guess


It's not that I'm against giving second chances. I just don't like being screwed over twice. Therefore I don't deal with that ish.sometimes.


Hi  - a mobile cellphone charger I bought in September stopped working. What is the procedure to replace it?


23  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


 sounds really awesome! Whats required to get a Java App running on iOS?


Just finished  in last minute  an article "Improving Reusability of OER"for the ICT-EurAsia 2014 in Bali  put the tommy to em he'll figure what im talking bout..


 I'm sure they turn out to be as amazing as your traditional pieces :')


  You silly creatures. For me its still cold.


I've collected 29,415 gold coins!    


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               482


Viktoria ikov fined 30,000k for the pitch invasion against .Budjovice. =/


 thanks for the article! Especially No.3 is so important


 Sleep well my wonderful Honey! *thousand kisses*


Was out walking 4.55 km with  See it here:  literally tasted everything in the bakery and told them that everything sucks 


Wed, 27 Nov 2013, let us all send Alison Pill the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (28)


If you don't wash your hands after using the bathroom, don't you ever dare try and touch me. I will hurt you.


What I Learned From and About Studying Chinese - Traveling Vanilla Bean     


nitey. and to everyone who's yet to enter 2014: have a great time and a great new year! x


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Club Prdel 2009 with  Catch us both  PH+ in Plzen tomorrow  pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 hey my friend. Im fine. you do not even sleep?????


I could watch hundred eps of anime in one go and spend 8 hours playing kingdom hearts w fren....and i could go to pub any day


Beyond Ink - monthly   with people in the creative or web industry, about their work and decisions.   A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


Photo: More Issues than Vogue | via Tumblr on We Heart It.   the way to school... Awww beautiful weather   Vintage Lamp With Cameras For Body And Slides For Shade Tutorial   


Prague street artist &amp; big soap bubble! Its look awesome but slowmotion shot is so much better! What  Is Not For Product Designers (but that's okay)
-  - "First Fires" Ft. Grey Reverend (Maya Jane Coles Remix)  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


tonite   concert&amp;music video premiere by Polly Tikk      starts at 9pm


The Pacific Rim blooper reel is absolutely hilarious xD


Vicky, the greatest!      Cell Is A Unique Puzzle Game Full Of Challenge -- AppAdvice  wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun


First  of the 2014!! That's cause for more celebration :)


 Highlights 2013: From A like  to Z like  Enjoy this year in pictures and thoughts:  He who buys what he will not will need steals from himself acne


Exclusive mix of the month by Druss and an interview in Czech  


Most significant difference between cities and villages: The sensation of swimming in a sky overflowing with stars...


Dnes veer kytary oste nabroueny:
20:10 TP 
21:00 Chokebore 
22:30 Girls Against Boys 
 framed Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


Prague Christmas market. Everyone should do it. Freezing fun and fab   Official switching on of Christmas lights today at 5.


Good night, Loves!   
         posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "ANTICODES US TOUR"  the winter solstice! Happy end of the world! ;)  


NICKLES, HEDAHL, PRONISKA, WITOSZEK, SZWED: Po co Polsce Szczyt Klimatyczny? | Kultura...  Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Ooops, fell asleep at 5, just woke up and got nothing done all day. So just like the usual without watching any shows. 


5 people followed me // automatically checked by  [psto] (1999) Natalia Fitzmaurice, p:surrealism c:UK poin: 4


I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Sobota: CHARLOTTE ET LOUIS, a -51%"          There are my Reindeer selfies ^^ for   ja mam Canona do ktrego zaraz wrzucam inny soft (typowo pod filmowanie) Slider:  your own wedding branding must be one of the best assignments and this guy clearly enjoyed it.  modeling with the craziest of all of my best friends   Praha | Prague  is my art teacher going to accept me as her lord and savior


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


i fink eclips would do so much for me as  now rather than netbeans 


 abi harbiden tweetlerine bayiliyorum. aksam byle cay&amp;cekirdek alip iPad'de senin sayfani refreshlemek istiyorum.ohbe heleskr :)


 That is very socialist of you. You've changed...


Damon Salvatore: ,,Are you drunk? Stefan Salvatore: ,,I dont know mom. Am I? :D


Empowered customers want to feel supported rather than directed


Amazon to launch new Kindle Paperwhite in Q2 of 2014, says report - Digital Spy UK  


Nick cave vypada furt jako v Nebi nad Berlinem, akorat ze ted we know who u rrrrr  Allah, allow the Qur'an to be our companion in Paradise; and make it a protection and barricade between us and the Hellfire. Ameen"


Another long night, all my fault. Seemed like a great idea at the time


 Obviously. She's feel very good in everything she does and she hasn't talent.


Nationwide - Doctor Who 15th Anniversary:  via 


This beer is the size of a child's head.    U Kocoura  old    Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               254


 you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... please?


   In the case of window-eyes that control panel is actually less confusing.


Holding onto anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.


 Only 30 Amur Leopards are left in the world.  How sad...


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Boy oh boy, finally I broke the Arena curse! :-) But more about that later... So happy now, bed tiem inc... 


Happy new year message from my second mum has made my day


 astronaut on a cloud. we had our issues but since 2014 we're kicking it off again! records, videos, shows etc.


      Robbie  you plan to have any english  in CZ   ? I'd love to see them here :-)


33  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


Pennsylvania Wants to Use Federal Funds to Cover Poor 


13.04.2014 00:00 - 27.04.2014 00:00

Every year the Festival of Sacred Music in Brno commemorates the most...  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               422


 nemelo by, tenhle soucasny tam narvu jen tak tak


 in my hometown linz:  - where else in austria? WE are the alpine detroit, nobody else :D


 it'll be worth it tho I'm a kick ass hugger  lorde


5  I love their chemistry.

Castle/Beckett   


Good morning to everypony on this glory Tuesday ! Time to get up!  describe how delicious this is     you see a mushroom cloud from an atomic bomb, you're supposed to stick your arm out and hold you  cawowinnose: blueflamingo11: fikkifini: itscolossal: Planetary Structural Layer Cakes Designed by...  Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via 


Come back to the cold war? .. in TV running James Bond 007 and the Russians put missiles back at the borders of the EU.


 [nrratges ta my doro] (1956) Slim Pickens, p:farm c:USA poin: 19


    ah ah ah duuude fill me in this is some intresting stuff, what happened?


Alright so do people from other places pour hot lead into water and then try to read something out of their form too or


im turning out good without a father that shit is rare for a young black male to say


Wouldn't it be weird if it's not snowing on Christmas day? Where art thou, snow?!


When I'm doing a project in Studio that's primarily repetitions  guy had more luck than... I dunno... There is no fucking scala for this anymore O_O  (finishing?) reading Sandman while downloading Fear Agent and drinking hot Chai Latte (or hot Tomato Juice). Its a holiday.


BOTTOMSOUND....love for everyone tryin to come up in this entertainment and music industry...    They used to call it Muffinland, nowadays it's shortened to Finland


dia 'apa beza hang dengan dengan KLCC' me 'aku manusia, KLCC bangunan' dia 'dak laa. KLCC malaysia punya, hang aku punya' me 'hang galak wey


 :) Am just trying to give positive feedback b/c you guys on the street do a damn fine job but usually only get to hear complaints.


Heartbreak of devoted aunt who cares for disfigured man blessed by the Pope  [garraaa-g aanjd kyaa] (1977) Maruli Sitompul, p:Comedy c:Indonesia poin: 20


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Worst 14 minutes and 36 seconds of my life to date.


Had an encouraging discussion on  with  Charles University CERGE-EI students today  Lays Down the Law on 'GIF' Pronunciation  at RadaGs House -  (Koany, Czech Republic)  menu: 12.11.2013
Tomato salad with celery or soup
Pork chop with garlic with potato dumplings  dinner at Vclav Havel Airport Prague/tdroveern veee na ...:  pes 


Task Parallel Library Dataflow  vypad vskutku zajmav, stejn tak Parallel Extensions Extras   Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


 [shnatraj] (1993) Shakti Kapoor, p:monkey c:India poin: 8


"I'm really good at drawing cubes. And other rectangular prisms" - 


Sunday Funday!            nini my heart follow me please, I love you too x19


Just returned from the Manhattan Transfer concert in Prague. Breathtaking jazz vocals of all singers but Janis Siegel is simply number one.


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x40


So thankful for another backer of $100 Support this great program for as little as $1 !  pulled over last night. No ticket. But the cop was ridding my ass before he pulled me over.


Stahl 2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012       Ajax wins it means South Africa beats Spain twice in one month !


 noe tell me your secret how did you get so much follower


 well.. I see her and I see you..I think you reminded me of her even before we met


Woohoo  is looking better than ever! Check out   candice really just ask me when to use a certain emoji?


Christmas time is knocking on our doors. We have more than full hands with your requests for hotels, tours and...  Play Sims 3  Renovieren [DEUTSCH] [HD]:  ber 


 Nakonec se ve povedlo a RebelBean je na svt!  thx and happy New Year! :-)


But when you think about it, Sherlock is such a bastard it's not even possible


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


omfg like seriously cjr the movie was a great movie ahh will continue to watch it tomorrow co ced kuld pinis tu watch dat 2dey


 dom's v neck is so low i can almost see his penis


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


     thank you dear and same to you 


A new favorite: Skywalker FM Podcast :: DUO QUADRO :: Tech-House Mix :: Dez 2013 by NINOHENGST  on 


CB&amp;I Announces Contract For U.S. Ethylene Plant    


Earrings with framed glass beads and filigree, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I favorited a  video  Neophyte army of hardcore


 eht olve cutherb tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the love butcher


Douglas Yu (TSMC)  highlights the trend  from SoC rto WLSI
Driven by chip partion and cost reduction  3D ASIP


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.31C, Marc 21.0C ac foris 2.69C vre esse.


16   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


 A very small number compared to the 2 million


WO2013189657A1 Spray Device For Rolling Equipment And Method For Removing/inserting Said ...     Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


I have completed the quest 'Plant 3 Pumpkin Pat...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Currently tuned into "Alex Corbi Back to Back with Greg L." Cloudcast by  -  at  girl bad girl, whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they come for you?     stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  United fan from Cambridge on  just called Moyes 'Moyles'.


AB: Blazin' Squad released 'Best of' album in 2012 and it has broken me. Prague has done its best, but this made me laugh more than anything


  for a minimum of 30yrs from any politics.send all the current criminals to prison. Revise salaries of "future" govt officials,


We used to be bros till he started trippin like these hoes


Today is World  Day.  Please wrap your willie before going outside.  all the Rosters getting announced i'm getting fucking excited for   


The Rise and Rise of torture in TV shows - excellent points made here  Deaf? Science Can Probably Give You Perfect Pitch  the heretics are calling me a heretic because I may or may not have threatened the Pope's authority...


 and as a whole, the spanish league is never the "best"


Ale jo, je to star (2010), ale pod stejn dobr. * StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty - Cinematic Trailer - YouTube  mustard in little, red packets has got to be the most evil thing in the world.


 I love it...! No Bama in the Natty this year! Wow. 


The best event cheering Twitter app from socialbakers! You see the program in great detail and who is  Episode I - The Phantom Menace. Nothing specific to add. No.1 pick for this evening 


Too many people have so much in their life's going for em but still bitch. Ive honestly done by best lately not to, cause it could be worse.


   I'd love to visit both of them but Britain is closer so maybe will be first :)


Long walks in the dark through woods grown behind the park, I asked 
God who I'm supposed to be. 
The stars smiled down on me...


Among the amnesties, don't forget abt Taisiya Osipova, the one who didn't get away:  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  to Earn Money online using Twitter $100-$500 per day
 at Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square (Praha) w/ 12 others  who hear foreign speech pick up languages faster' | via   kembali buka esok hari yah boys and girls! xx (at Dianti Catering Company )   Tennant's Doc just said at the beginning of The End of Time that he didn't come straight away, instead had some fun &amp; married Betty I


May nag request na palitan ko na yun name ko.. ayan ah pinagbigyan na kita :D


Photo: edenliaothewomb: Jennifer Lawrence, photographed by Michelangelo Di Battista for InStyle, Dec 2013.  well now I feel bad. But I just can't do it. It is always deflating for me


 the best thing in Oslo is the Viking long boat museum. That and Holmenkollbakken


When South Park aired its Anti-Family Guy episode, the producers received flowers from the crew of The Simpsons.
 


My Top 2  Artists: Nick Phoenix, Two Steps from Hell (9) &amp; Two Steps from Hell (5)  I finished the Playin' Some D mission in Kingdoms &amp; Lords! Get Kingdoms &amp; Lords for Free!  you press the thumb firmly. you can do it I believe in you. ;-) my dear


Got fixed to this strict lecturer for my dissection exam but nothing is impossible with God


 [mcbcae &amp; rs.m mleirl] (1971) Claudine Melgrave, p:madam c:USA poin: 20


  You've seen the movie already? How is it?


Ph in Praha?! Now THAT is what I am talking about!!! (at Pho Tung) [pic]    it certainly is not. I speak from experience. Tho easier than rabbit


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 11 others  much fucking  haters ... Gone make sum money god damn it !


39  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


 I don't live in Ova, sorry. So just the fog :op :o)))


 organisations that want to take over the market spend that much on advertising for a reason. Them girls just want same


 I really love your logo. I thought why not and turn it into my style. I hope you like it. Get at me. :)  [awht sekma a mlfiay] (2001) Sonja Mills, p:courtroom c:USA poin: 19


 not surprised, awesome choice! love the new webseries!


Mana ada sih orang yg mau ngecawain dan dikecewain.gak bakal ada.


I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who loves me :-)


If you're receiving mixed messages from an authority figure to... More for Gemini  [eht olve cutherb] (1975) Robert Walter, p:revenge c:USA poin: 16


Yang helm itu,  =D " Tweet yg mana? :s astaghfirullah" Iyaa tweetnya ada yg msuk seneehh"


49 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


  Yea, well I don't mind the mails, it's three clicks to delete them, haha. I just hope its not big hack on twitch


 Proc v te tabulce neni  nepletu-li se, tak Cech s nejvice followery.


maybe this christmas will mean something more/ maybe this year love will appear deeper than ever before


 always got 'the looks' when we said we lived in Hyde Park. :) Best decision ever!


Und so wirds heute Abend:

23:00 - 00:00 les chic commodores (POP ART CIRCUS)
00:00 - 01:00 KNOXVILLE (Get Hyped!...  we play at 825 at 007 Club with  tonight! Stoked to have  and  with us  Just downloaded "Above &amp; Beyond - Sun &amp; Moon (Drop" by   -  (via 


 You have no idea how proud the GDs are. We all love you x


im gona go to bed but i cant stop laughing these old doodles killed me


Are  communist party leaders sending condolences to N.Korea as they did after Kim Jong Il's death 2 years ago?     Progress, not quite so much things accomplished, as fulfillments   certain papers that is. i like to read things that noemally concern my interest that y l descriminate my reading network.


 looks kind of ... because of the German Plastic liner tape on the ground, or is there also that in America?


Oh Stavros, good old times. The greatest Q&amp;A session ever:  via 


Lb se mi video   Spooky Scary Skeletons (Remix) - Extended Mix


Ozil:3" Pemain fav gue itu Kaka, CR, Iker, Ozil, Arbe, hmpir semua pemain Real Madrid fav gue. Tp paling fav Kaka hehe *blm mupon


 maksut ane.. itu curahan isi hati banget dr seorang wanita. gituh! duh salah paham kok terusan -.-


Leddra Chapman ( New Album update: Thank You   


Check out my  users' Team of the Year 2013   rich ancestor pala yun nanlibre samin kanina sa shakey's...


In case you missed our Q&amp;A with Sophie Caldwell last week. We're reposting it in honor of her top ten finish in...  new sounds: Big Band KJJ - Man In The Mirror  on 


I hate wen nigaas tell me about they bitches tht idk like I would give a fuck even if I knew em


Open Season 2!!!            word! I'll drink a metaphorical toast to that!


Fantastic!!!111 Horrible Logos | Drawing Bad Logos for Beer Money Since 2010  But Cristo, why would you make voting mandatory but then allow people to invalidate the ballot  SURE YALL MARK YOUR CALENDARS!!!!!....  UP WIT MY YUNG HOMIE &amp; ARTIST ... Woo ThaKid BDAY BASH!!!!  thanks for your opinion, that's what I wanted to hear! ;).


       who won what and who was the sucker


Have I been contracting my sicknesses via Tweets? :( I feel kinda sick again


Konichiwa from Tokyo! Semicon Japan has just started. We are part of the German Pavillon and make sure that the...  from our  stateroom!  This boat moves!  Viking Danube  a lot of players unguardable on that game tho


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               136


Seahorses stalk their prey by stealth - BBC News  


 hthca pu oryu brtuesol tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hatch up your troubles


How to Earn Money online using Twitter $100-$500 per day
 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 160


 eh it's okay cause she won't be there next time hahahahah


Seven    communities you should join today   via 


BBC News - Exporting Grandma to care homes abroad  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 2


Today stats: 4 followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.19C, Marc 21.56C ac foris 1.06C vre esse.


The first of the pages from a graphic novel called Whispers of the Cold War...  glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Candy Dulfer Live In Leverkusen Jazztage2009Full Show   Thanks for teaching me the beautiful wonders of life, what is right and wrong, and to always look forward for a brighter future &lt;3


Fierce battle rages now on home planet Earth. That one of Truth,  Morality versus greed and violence. Which one will it be? Sold your soul?


Tonight!  with      from 4pm till morning!   new favorite: They Won't See Me by   on 


  for FREE from  compliments of  Spread the love.


Novinky |  | Strnky produkn a umleck agentury Rocca Production.  enough, no more dragons. Just one... or two.  The friendly  that carries your stuff  via  iTunes somehow classifies  s Toxic as "ultimate RnB". Tak about a working b*tch


Prague's mini Eiffel tower.. 299 steps up. Well worth the climb through!  Petnsk rozhledna |  appear to be missing a piece of equipment strange  as the sign says boarding.... Prize for the best reply  comparisons should be the main habit you break sooner rather than later..."
  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           684


Prague and design hotels: the new trend in Central Europe's most magical city - The Twisperer  Ron Grainer's original version of the Who theme. XD can't breathe! 


Tweettweet :D  my Favorit idol. Love you so mutch. See you on WFF next yeahr 


Some days are hard to find  and go  but those don't look like this:
 via 


Firewoooork!

    Nmst Svobody  have completed the quest 'Rehabilitate 10 Murlods.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Official Rules of MakerBot Store Giveaway Nov-Dec 2013  


Bye bye chickens, bye bye goats, bye bye dog with no tail.  happy birthday and best regards from Germany ;-)         if MJ would look like this now he would be alive right?!


The way to the   with electrical tower     your book is fantastic, very inspirational. Thanks for that!


 Well, the multitude of empty Genius playlists is finally deleted and hasnt appeared back. So far Im happy, I can access songs


Chanukkah Crash CourseThere Is More Than Meets The Eye To The Festival Of Lights  Music Literature
UK m a do 30.6.2014 pmo v rozhran EBSCOhost trial RILM Abstracts of Music Literature...  you lucky S.O.B! What a game to have been at! Bet it was insane being there!


 you blocked me on facebook? Now you're gonna get fucked up 


  that was the first word i spoke in french :D


Egoism - Something I Think (Original Mix) - COMING SOON - Toolroom Records         Always! Lyt 


In Antwerp getting slammed with interest at  for  Want to get published? Visit us :-)


Everyone needs some merry Christmas beer in their lives!  Billa     I look forward to continuing. You are a great team!Good luck in your future work!


Last night is a blur. But. At least the classic is on today.


Just joined  on  - now 1/2 of our song sales are donated to   [orapanam fo effiel ortew] (1900) c:USA poin: 24


I just entered a  contest: Merry Christmas!   a smart idea to consciously make use of your birthday mon... More for Sagittarius  I wish it would be wrong. Maybe with 140K followers its different from some with 100s or thousands :)


 thnkxx for your sweet words my friend. good afternoon for you.;-)


  Morning in Mlada Boleslav, CZ due to my 720'  Yes, thats right 8^) Maybe some day I will try to spend the Xmas somewhere in the summer 8^)


O Allaah, purify our hearts from hypocrisy and prevent our hearts hardness (shiqaq) and avoid any kind of bad character (Su' alAkhlaq).Ameen


" A real boyfriend can see the pain behind his girl's smile."


Are You In? Or You Out? There's levels to this shit.  


Merry Christmas everyone! Here's a fun video of us playing out last two shows of the year in Wiesbaden. Going out...  liked a  video  Lord of the rings Behind the scenes - Designing Middle earth


 I'm not a coder, but I've got Yakov Fain's book "Java Programming for Kids, Parents and Grandparents" on my desktop. Try that :-)


 Jawaban benar: rahasia perawan,  15/364127 poin


 is very interesting! I hope I can catch the series again to share.


Come to our beer tour and try the best beer ever! Everyda at 6pm


 [kgtani eht npthnimesu lopl] (2002) David Del Valle, p:mask c:USA poin: 26


one person followed me // automatically checked by  Have you ever seen a drunk unicorn? Now you have. 

           Chase sneak peeks are leaking at instagram! Check them out at  OK1DIG/P (Daniel) on OK/US-005 (Mezihorsk vrch, 916m, 8pt) 10.1215 cw: *CQ CQ at 26 wpm. S/N=10 dB at DK9IP {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


WoW's 9th Anniversary - Logged in during WoW's 9th Anniversary 18/11/2013,
WoW's 8th Anniversary - Logged in...  Scathing Letter Offers One Way to Respond to Requests for Free Work  via 


 wow! Sry we were enemies!!! Glad we made progress! 


 Jawaban benar: too much sleep,  14/334609 poin


Yes I want this for  Santa please deliver       But actually, doesn't JAWS 9 and up copy the content by highlighting it? Or is that off by default.


 Miley Cyrus       ! &lt;3


I luv playx cheese xpecially when tryna keep ma mind from finkx


 [rnveedtua] (1925) Walter McGrail, p:melodrama c:USA poin: 9


and conduct unbecoming an officer. He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison at a court-martial .. general twice settled (2/4)


Effective Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
 fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  Hot Winter Photography Tips    


Here's what we can do to change the world, right now, into a better ride. Take all that money we spend on weapons...     I died the second I saw her tweet ppl and let me tell ya hell is awesome so many cool ppl


Was out running 15.30 km with  See it here:  overseas ballers be careful that gossip page aint playing fair! lol smh"LOL


 Yung namimiss mo yung taong hindi naman naging sayo pero ang laki ng impact sa puso mo.


 didn't agree with it because we'd spent a lot of hours on the bus :( but we don't have that many trips either.. we're


 see thats how you are wrong i would enlighten you but the government watches all my tweets i already have said too much


I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Steda: VERSACE JEANS, a  -50%"  [amka tr:uas a ealt fo ovel] (1996) Celesteann Cruz, p:kama-sutra c:USA poin: 26


what happened w Min? i saw her touching her face in da middle of the performance..


woah. just saw myself in the mirror and guys, I look like death just became me. (see what I did there?) this bisch needs some rest.


Really want to go on some crazy trip to some country nobody ever goes .


Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


 Im watching cheese sauce spin in a microwave while sad music plays. This might be the best thing that's happened to me today.


From everyday life.." Life is too short to remove USB safely."


Still working :)) thank God im not closing todayyyyyy  I miss you. So beautiful concert in Prague. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever experienced!!!


You could've told me, i would've asked someone else to do get me but no


   Donna you are talking from the bottom of my heart, my english isn't good enough but u told it!


Have you heard Psycho feat. PERFECT HAND CREW (Original Mix) Out 9th December! by  on   some reason that makes me giddy and really happy. and yay. come on Gatiss take a pic of you, Tom &amp; Peter. DO IT.


 indeed, he has never been given a proper chance+we need cash for signing a MF. I'd like Ilkay in or maybe someone on LB


 [dab ybo ubbby] (1993) Nikki Price, p:buxom c:Australia poin: 13


 ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 2 others)  oh we are right - i will give you the time you need to realize it (put the pieces together) ;D


 why do you talk about Novokuznetsk? :D I know. Zig Zag Lev Prague, best teams. (:


Blackberry and Foxconn agree a five-year deal - BBC News  


 Wish I could hug you. :) You always make me smile, thank you. :) I will alwaya luv you sweetie. -xx


 Ambassador Jacqueline Zwambila interview clip where she explains why she will not return to Zimbabwe.  like girls from any nation. I'm blasian something Jamaican."


 show one minny fan who could have words for this loss, except for a terrifying shriek:( totally get Rick. heartbreaking loss.


'mosaics are made of broken pieces, but they're still a work of art and so are you.'to every1 who's going through something: it will be ok


Makes one wonder the way the word terrorist is used in the world today, are we sure it is any different?


Bank of America deems Bitcoin the next big thing  number of homeless people is dramatically lower in the Northern than in Central or Southern Europe, is this because of the climate?


 [trruaece asruefte] (1970) Marty McNeely, p:monster c:USA poin: 17


Getting spoiled. Kristina's sweet parents made us    Small Village of Jocksdorf  why there's always circumstances against me whenever i'm about to receive my package....the bus is so late =^=


Gita Zbavitelov: Jsir Arafat nezemel na otravu poloniem | Nzory a argumenty   lol ok the garage? With Blair? Lmao but just hmu" na &amp; na &amp; bet


Pro fanousky cyklistiky - hangout s Peterem Saganem
Hang with Ted King, Cam Wurf and Peter Sagan from the comfort  Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Grace? Never really heard of it. Angels can apparently become human by ripping out their "grace"? This Anna says it's painful.


We just can't have anice picture :D This was the best ouf of three xD Me, Laura and Mi...   We're all waiting for a collabo with  you know? X


I just entered to  a KitchenAid Stand Mixer from  Enter, too!     knew something had to go wrong, everything was just too parfect for a while


Hunger Games: The Catching Fire pod silnm vlivem knin pedlohy a dobrho soundtracku &gt; 3,5/5*  why Chelsea will win the premier league dis season


Friday :) ... with a hopefully great weekend ahead: 2night   tomorrow  'On the move'  and


oh motivation..where art thou?..
feeling sleepy wit 4 chapters to go..


  To be honest I may overreacted a bit too... Happens often to me when being sleepy and  not having a good day :/


" someone seriously wants to be a part of your life they will seriously make an effort to be in it. No reasons no excuses. "


Lb se mi video   Lily Allen - Hard Out Here (Official Video)


I'd like the  D from the first 5 weeks to show up and the the offense of the past two weeks. 


 I am listening RapGod .... You is really Rap GOD 


Nothing is as simple as it could be if only you were willing t... More for Aquarius   i totally understand everything you're saying


20  Because this team deserves the PCA.

Castle   


Iya daaa.. Mabok lah ini (_) " 3 sks, 1 lesson. Hahahaha... "meritarahma_: Today schedule : 9 sks, 3 lessons &gt;,&lt;""


This says everything about everything   Star Msto | Prague Old Town   no pricing anywhere on your site? As a consultant, I can't even begin to recommend you to a customer without a rough cost.


Happy new year my friends       


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  just liked "Sinclair Hipster - Birthday Greeting" on Vimeo:  Off Winter. Grouplove!   Grouplove  Grouplove  episode of  was just beautiful. Love it.


Free Twitter Bootstrap Widgets Library for Axure RP | Axutopia  via 


 I hope the price for Ss6 will not be doubled again :( Ah, we'll see...


 True rock'n'roll ! The funny thing is I actually remember this :) Child -&gt; Adult = Awesome -&gt; Lame  harvested 345 of food!    


  thx but unfortunately I'm not able to install extra plugins on the system, can only use built-in plugins.


A new favorite: Unsigned Underground Podcast  presents - Vedran/Komm by Unsigned Underground  on 


Now I wanna see how it be when people realize nuthin bother me no mo


Laco a Fotonaut na super svatbe ze 30. let :)  MeetFactory  durch  Kids, like what i've told you before this, -   Our defense is sooooo bad. You have play more agressiv guys! - Come On Pens!


well *I* am abt to finally watch the Doctor Who Ultimate Guide.the only thing that can ease my pain re: not being able to watch An Adventure


 Hehe, we came to the same conclusion, but it seems a bit like overkill when you read this:  gift from nikkitikkii thank youuuu for always supporting my  addiction!!! Some  we had about 54 degrees today and sunny, not bad for December :)


 big ifs. Rookie seasons arent necessarily the measuring stick but for the number 1 pick that club has a lot riding on him.


Of course like two days after I get a new bank card Rylie finds my missing one


 Dear God, I know I am not perfect but thank you for loving me anyway.


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x46


 doectcsh ni acstlond tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: scotched in scotland


Vitzn gl Clauda Girouxe proti Columbusu byl dost akrobatick :)   I just screamed my fucking lungs out this is too much for me oh wow


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 94


Emergency TEVAR on a Friday evening... Vascular team assemble 


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Iraq - Crossroads'. Join me in combat!    


Tohle se Vm s bambusovm krytem Thorn nestane. Bambus je pevn

  traffic is hectic but the lights work.  


Nick Young coby PG  Jordan Crawford coby PG  Tohle je pln SUPER sezona! 


Lb se mi video   Cissie Redgwick - Gimme That Swing


Hmmm RT  EXCLUSIVE: Fergie autobiography publishers pay out over errors  liked a  video  Call of Duty: Ghosts Event - Lustiges S&amp;V auf der Map: Tremor [HD]


Got a cake for you, Cliffoconda Do you like it?   Immigrants Are Divided Over Importance of Citizenship 


Crowdsourcing: da se jeste nekde hrat Geo Challenge? 


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 21 others  My friend posted a really really stupid pic of me on Facebook and omg...


okay I guess I like Lorde. good voice, good sound. she's only 17 tho?! makes me an-fucking-cient. she sounds much older.


China Successfully Soft-Lands Probe On The Moon.  Moon rover Yutu to explore surface.   collected 58,628 gold coins!    


Sometimes you are not able to achieve your goals. Thats why you have to prepare much more wisely. :)  liked a  video from   HTC One Max - video recenze


Redditor Catches Sweet Moment Between Two Fathers  to Make a Video Memorable: The Power of a Story (Infographic)  via 


Thank you for making Avast the most popular download of the year on  Spielberg Jewish Film Archive - The Holy Land and the Jewish Pioneer:  pes 


Supl super..... Ale chce aby jsme dlali chemii  


good: some people have notion of there is some Czech Republic, bad: others think all country around are fake  
Hello, I wish you good luck in the coming races. We talked together on the Olympic Games in London.


  we built this city we built this city on  -------&gt;  


2/2  1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  DAMNATION OF ADAM BLESSING Track title: Sometimes I feel I just can't go on


Your sound judgment pours from you so smoothly today, you may ... More for Sagittarius  Ooooh, all those calories! Careful, or you'll be needing a bigger uniform ;b


Kdo navrhne esk pavilon na EXPO 2015? Brnnt Chybik + Kristof Associated Architects, gratulace!  06 Jan 2014, let us all send Tara Spencer-Nairn the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (36)


 you and Zayn are the cutest and best couple ever! I love you! &lt;3


If you were here I swear I won't miss a beat. Cause I never, Never have before


This line is tapped. Ive sent you a message via a secure server. I masked my voice so it cant be traced. Click he.  se o mne, ze jsem pritel kvalitniho textu, proto velmi doporucuju tuhle recenzi na "Season Of Doom" od Indiho:  home all your favorite BelAmi titles with our huge Holiday Sale 4 DVD's for $99/79 Euro  delivery from russia is 3 times the price of the actual item smd


  tongue-lashes economic planners over low growth, high inflation.  a pop quiz in Czech language.... Nemluvim csky 


A beautiful, majestic cathedral in the centre of Prague Castle complex. It can be seen from all over  have unlocked a new battleground  'Arizona - Observatory'. Join me in combat!    


 dih alay always forever,hahaxD selasa masuk sekolah kan?


Merry Christmas         


So... I'll just go for one that just serves a purpose nobody else might care about :D


Every thing change in a dude mind when you spread your legs for the first time


At the "Schokoladenbar" before a show with the boys of the band.  would like to hear "Neon Lights new single by singer Demi Lovato  


 [wdnongri] (2001) Catherine Langlas, p:dream c:USA poin: 8


 That can't be true... sooo much money spent for games this year... GOG, Steam, HumbleBundle... That's not fair! :D


So far this hotel was a great decision. (with Stu at  [pic]   Arwwww Baby! Xx love you so much xx
 
Pls pls follow me!


 haha Happy I could help you enjoy your freshman year haha


 I am going to hospital today,she is not well yet,thank you,dear Christie.x


Oh Santa, now we know why you are so fast. You use the power of tools which are written in JavaFX  article that convinced me to travel solo for the first time...    via 


Based on the last press trip, an article on Prague has been released in the Turkish magazine Turizmcinin...  rednalrednow: wolf-is-just-a-puppy: SO HOW FUN ARE U?  im up in space   have you ever been in the Czech republic? 


 It's shame that the race was cancelled, you would probably be the winner :)


Buddhist Extremist Cell Vows To Unleash Tranquility On West (via   the girl who loves Precious Hearts Romance   just unlocked the Getting Started with Programming badge on   via 


Free mags in Appstore (Part 2)      RT to vote for the best tvshow

Castle   


It Works! A Tiny Speaker Printed on a Single Sheet of Paper | Wired Design  Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


 yea I am, heard the fam is goin to Lesotho for new years, you guys have lotsa fun for me hey :-/


a je to tadyyy            
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         278


Have you heard Cibich - Moltres (Decky Remix) by  on   remember, but I remember he said "I wouldn't say in...  Yes, I remember. He tried to be nice. But maybe he tr...  central to eastern europe,
we play piano with less or more intentions. 
Found at   missed 4 outa da last 5 playoofs . dat team been overated


20 pages of notes to memorize for tomorrow's literature test guess who's fucked


Essay 1/3 DONE. Time to have a ten minute break, get my laundry and do another before tea


I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile.  


I'm givin' the molly to Hannah Montana I'm pourin' the lean in my Tropicana


Airlines Lobby to Kill Plan for Passenger Security Fee  Imlauf nebo Ulman nebo Umlaut, show must go on tyvole.


 Good meeting you, lots of fun! We should do the Ad Analytics pilot for CZ and see how this can help Pernod! Right 


Right now we enjoy first  in  Drive safe and have fun!!  that's awesome. Tonight's entertainment sorted.


   it's time you guys followed me. Please follow me!


wow great finally after 1000000000 times this thing actually saved wow thanks a lot


Testing  for static sites. It's pretty bloody fast:   


  ale ja nebrecim, tys to vyhrotil az do tohodle Drake stadia :D


and good choice that was. gave me much more than any of the crap I ended up last-minute cramming for the exams.


 I love this so much.. and that girl's voice is amazing


    
Today marks the start of the songs' mastering, so stay hungry!

Der heutige...   was it a good jump for you? Cestmir smiles: YEAH!  


Thank you  for your brilliant book  I wish I could have this book when I was studying at conservatory :)


  of online youth projects platform will launch in two days! Keep updated! 


In total I have walked 70,000 steps in three days. I'm not moving for at least a week 


"The plan was to play Wayne for 90 minutes, but he has a bit of a groin injury."


Z workshopu s Martinou Stankovou v Karmelu Edith Steinove   Looks like her Cutie Mark just got a "Knee"tie Mark


Changes That Affect Social Media Marketing On Twitter  Jawaban benar: the blue peter,  14/369285 poin


 I admire you so much! His work just brings me happiness that always learn. Love much 


 [pot gefhtir 2] (1996) Lingfeng Shangguan, p:chop-socky c:Hong Kong poin: 13


ma prayers are out to paul walker's family may he rest in peace 


54 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Buat pakan ikan Arwana :D RT  Entah apa gunanya Tuhan menciptakan Kecoak. Ada yang tau manfaat Kecoak? Gue rasa enggak. :/


Nothing at all.
Bruno Mars - The Lazy Song 
 pes 


23andMe Has Stopped Performing Health-Related Genetic Testing  (via 


 lol lol dating for two months already engaged.


 mmmm... Never been to that fair state... Best with your opening!


 Jawaban benar: is it fall yet?,  15/333679 poin


Build your down line for hundreds of free hits to your sites  just a short try for the publication of my first official bitcoin-wallet for facebook pays. If you want for...  | Data Wednesday: iOS vs. Android Engagement  via 


 This bitch taking selfies while this lil nigga drowning in the bathtub  just 10 days until Midnight memories music video will be uploaded on youtube! YAY! Can NOT wait!!!


So yea, my HDD is officaly dead.  So few days with phone only. Jesus, non-stop streamwatching.


   please follow me is my dream that my idols follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


I just earned the 'Apprentice' badge on   with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


 [nmay snatk] (1942) Margie Hines, p:tank c:USA poin: 10


Premyslim, ktery pan Kohout poleti do JAR. Zda ministr nebo uspesny asistent pana Kavana jmenem Kohout.... jeste, ze to plati pan Picek


 Who's about to completely bomb this Econ test?   


Slept like shit! So tired this morning. Last day of racing


My team has won on 'Arizona - Observatory'! Join us!    


... but I kind of prefer this definition though: "a complex emotion that two people get when they share a special connection"


 Jawaban benar: the great alaskan mystery,  25/285 poin


 [teh aeebtls no eordrc] (2009) Ringo Starr, p:band c:UK poin: 21


"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein


 hm. read it this morn. Cyndi is definitely not all sunshine &amp; puppies (I watched Celeb Apprentice when she was on...)...


People with alcohol in their heads are always dangerous with their words


My Top 3  Artists: Noso-Roh Prophecy (19), Horse (4) &amp; Chiqito (4)   me passou o telefone dele me adicionou no whats


I saw this on the Right Wing News, but I remember who it was that said "No Child Left Behind," &amp; can't say "nuclear."  [mbud dan rbuedm] (1995) Bill Fagerbakke, p:sitcom c:USA poin: 15


Tax preparation for duangle. Wish the numbers were glowing rotating blacklight cubes.


Worth to read because of multi datacenter design. Evolution of Bazaarvoices Architecture to 500M Unique Users/Month.  I was expecting a screenshot of "BF4 has stopped working".


 bullshit i know what his true intentions are this aint like when i say shit like that to you


Another pearl in our short term rentals offer! 
Spend a night in a historical apartment, located just 20 meters...  [aaionzr] (1913) Francis Carlyle, p:colonel c:USA poin: 7


For Thanksgiving this year we have a wide choise of sizes and breads so pls send us your requirements at info Thank you!


 Haha, this kind of colored popcorn you will only eat once! ;)


Inside the Box. People dont actually like creativity.    awards! "The Most Innovative Product"&amp;"3rd Place of Grant Program" given by AMSP, accepted by Executive Mum.:)  to 2014!Twitter  as the world says    | RT   


SROVNN: Nedvd v Extralize 35z/34b (14+20), EHT 3/1 (1+0) a na MS 2012 9/5 (3+2); Hudler v NHL 41/33 (11+22) a na MS 2013 8/5 (4+1).


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


I saw it as a sign of weakness, laziness &amp; lack of drive...


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Which professions have the most psychopaths? - The Week  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               300


 that was really lame and I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that to save myself from secondhand embarrassment


moooooom.... my heart.....my feels ;;" O-&lt;-&lt; RT  Wooyoung  Music Bank  .... o&lt;--&lt;  in this job? Take a look: Business Analyst   in Prague, Czech Republic  


DOOM dneska slavi 20 let od vydani, happy birthday! 


I've harvested 60 of food!    


Lb se mi video  od autora   How to Tell Good Quality Weed from Bad


Das geht auch mit Filmtiteln: toast after tomorrow, Lord of the toast, toast wars, Matrix toastelution, Harry toaster und Lord Buttermord xd


Handmade framed  Glass cloud earrings.   


 2013  - infinity :)  Love you guys forever !!! Happy New Year, have an amazing time1


. plays Mega Dead Pixel !?!
   (MDP &gt; installing Ryse)


Subterranean  Orgy by   wrap feat.  Amazing     fall asleep. damn 7:30 is going to come quite fast. 


 hiii hottie! OMG OMG *O*
1D day *-* xx 
Pls follow me! 



   big up bro, sure will, blessings to Da Future.


Assisti a "30 Rock: Idiots Are People Two!" s6ep2  


 what character in a movie would you like to play????  


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


mte kocovinu? a co teprv delfni, co se zmauj rybama...

...young dolphins milking the fish of their toxins...  Ice pink and Carnelian framed glass earrings.   


If you have a face as punchable as Paul Dano's, you will work until the day you die.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         219


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


A new favorite: MicroV3rsum - At the Heart of Winter &lt;3 // GlobalBeats FM - Winterspecial 2013 by   glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Find someone who can make you happy not someone that leave you when you need him .


Hotel Raffaello by night

Enjoz the magic nights in Prague. Choose a hotel close to center and its many pubs,...  Jawaban benar: the opponent,  12/369306 poin


Digital Marketing And Analytics: Two Ladders For Magnificent Success  via 


  Demn it. Where do you expect me to get fries? Hahaha.


Today is our  - and we are still in time!  DC1SK/P (stefan) on DM/BM-276 (Lusen, 1373m, 10pt) 145.500 fm: + 145.500 [DL9MDI]


Arrived in Prague its -3 and been snowing    only one person could make this even better...


Do you Require ICom (Inter Commerce) 'Accounting Tutor in Karachi'  Accounting Tuition Pakistan Online


Champions of Entertainment: 2013's Best Song, Movie, Show, Game and More  [eth lats gema] (1980) Phil Smoot, p:college c:USA poin: 13


Its to damn early , don't call me with that bs. Messy ass bitch!!


Photo: (via Its Alice Goodwins naughtiest shoot, and she shows us how naughty she gets!)  hey, I would tweet more, if i knew that I could make it in a piechart!


I was waiting for an important email reply for a week. Today I found it. In SPAM folder.  Opportunity lost. Grrrr


A heightened state of anxiety might be exactly what you need n... More for Scorpio      you are the best idols of the world, I love you


   please follow me is my dream that my idols follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


A professional acquaintance may have it in for you, yet you ca... More for Scorpio  im so lameeee idk how to buy the shinee emoticons for kkt how do you do it guys?? ;;;;;


 [eth rgndaeee greanr] (1938) Frank O'Connor, p:rancher c:USA poin: 19


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Win great  with  -        AHSUAHSUAHSUAHSI TIPO ASSIM ELE  HOMEM HOMEM !  O TREM DOIDO The Walking Dead  


Produkte des Tages   punk up the royals, eyebrow set  but there is one on the map so i don't get it..


Teach me to do thy will; for thou art my God: thy spirit is good; lead me into the land of uprightness.  I watched it 3 weeks ago :-D It's cute &lt;3 Happy Xmas to you &amp;  ;)


 [arhyr cbalk] (1958) Michael Seavers, p:tiger c:UK poin: 11


Yeeeayyy! My radiator is finally working! No more frosty fingers and three shirts+blanket on:):):)


   He's not like Raincloud, she was amazing... I wish he was dead and not her


We like your viral concept but please remove the controversy and redo the concept completely


Talent Management: Boards Give Their Companies an "F"

 think she's krazay? Bila rindu sangat kat girlfriends, macam ni lah dia. Hehe  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               321


 whats ur most fav song by Backstreet Boys? Mine's prolly Incomplete, well maybe I want it that way.actually I love them all!,


Too much cinnamon is bad for you? I think I'm gonna be sad.  niye top juve surerken hic takilmyo? Oyuncular bunu dnp ksn yeter


Radioactive - Lindsey Stirling and Pentatonix (Imagine Dragons Cover)  Acquires Image Recognition Startup VisualGraph  right now on air on  Paris:  Enjoy! ;o)


 I always say to myself that when I grow up, I'll buy myself a Leica. Not going to happen anytime soon, I guess.


Some game this. Flanno, Mignolet, Suarez, Lucas have beastmode activated


Infant iPad seats raise concerns about screen time for babies at a potty-training device  via 


 he always be there for you and bsb like a guardiam angel every day and enywere.. 


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


I will always say dis be fast in all wat u do or else .....


Earned 3 PS Vita trophies (3 bronze) in Rayman Legends -  protagonista de uno de los mejores libros del 2013: "Prague, Capital of the Twentieth Century" (D.Sayer)  Jawaban benar: i'm a stranger here myself,  26/363480 poin


In London  go mobile 3rd network meeting with  


 sign VELI KAVLAK. he is the best midfielder in the Turkish League,like a Turkish Xavi and Iniesta fusion :)  


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.13C, Marc 20.69C ac foris 4.13C vre esse.


Malm Isstadion is rocking, CAN-SVK moments away. My live play-by-play  


We dominate color war, and have perspective....   KJ mo po, nabubuhay ka ba sa mundo ng ka-negahan sa buhay? Pakamatay ka na please?


Also, operation code name: LAZARUS.  lolz!  


So  suddenly works with a BUI on a linux desktop? Awesome :)


  At this rate 70 reserve domains really won't be much :D


this is very funny. The most funny is harry styles insted UK.  Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Ghana. These are the same natons that went to the  Do us proud guys


I started new blog in czech! First entry is about my experiences with car sellers:  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Solid ride with  ...Thanks also to  and  to do some training in company


I liked a  video from   Wohnout - Pedro se vrac (akusticky live)


eLife Lens 1.0.0 RC2 is out. See it in action:  A changelog can be found here:  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.06C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 4.19C vre esse.


Simple mathematical law benchmarks human confrontations  We have a lot of great music in Germany but due to language barrier, it hardly ever makes it to the UK - apart from Rammstein :)


 [elnuc ms'ot iacbn] (1903) Siegmund Lubin, p:slavery c:USA poin: 17


Thailand's 6 international airports to get free Wi-Fi this winter -  Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  of Warcraft Czech and Slovak Official Fansite - Zimn vprodej u Blizzardu  via 


Hokej: Lucky, Blesk's fortune-telling dog, gives the Czechs only a 20% chance of Olympic gold  may have an awakening experience today as the mental light... More for Gemini  Mountain Lion in a virtual machine to properly tag my EPUBs for iBooks on Mavericks. Huh?


"Senators Dick Durbin and Al Franken have introduced a bill to fund a program that would make many college textbooks love and gratitude to my long time friend, Sherri Kovan Berger, for organizing the benefit last evening in...  Court ruling brings country closer to      handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


Prehlidka Victoria's secret,  rusky kaviar, ukrainsky sampus. Super Novy rok!


 you are AMAZING ) and I love you so much) how your morning ?)


I think I must discover more Nickelback songs because Chad sounds similar to Kurt Cobain


 It was truly awesome at 
I hope you're up for more fun the next summer, in Finland or elsewhere ^.^


Sighs omg the pics from the ny infinite show.....srsly looks like ppl just started to pushing to get closer w/o any regards to others jfc


 peoicmt tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: timecop


Soviet Union disintegrated,  rather than reformed, nothing stops former Western colonial powers from recolonizing Africa militarily again.


Valve odhalilo tinct konzol Steam Machine. Ceny od 499 a po tisce USD [CES]  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 wgwzcd


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  own over 100.000 LEGO bricks because of this simple quote."  There r so many rumors that Bruno and u r getting married .. Is that true ?? I would be so happy for you both :D


  Barry always looks like he hates everything he does.


 [teh finteeuctro lanp] (1957) Arthur Lovegrove, p:forgery c:UK poin: 20


Yeah! ShauRetha ready to perform   ! Ntar ada HEAVY MONSTER, EGON SPENGLER, RASVAN [pic]   to all these local niggas sending indirect messages thru social networks trying to be internet thugs! Grow the fuck up, come face2face!!


 [hpeas vi] (1974) Alan Gifford, p:desert c:USA poin: 8


Photo: healthy food | via Tumblr on We Heart It....  that could describe how good  is don't exist yet


With  live tweeting  I feel like I could go home right now and still get the full experience


 Just downloaded "Dropwizz - Infamous" by   -  (via 


Watching Christmas movies and eating cuties like its mah job! I love the holidays!!!


I want every little girl who's told she's bossy, to be told instead she has leadership skills.  


Whippin the brick whippin the whippin the brick whippin the brick


1st edit of the trailer for Kommissar Taler gegen den Trauner Teufel is now complete. We hope to get it online...  Sure, pretend to be Google with the new YouTube app!


 Both Adolf Hitler and Osama Bin Laden were nominated for Nobel Peace Prizes. O.o


I cringe every time I read the word 'haters', sounds so fake and plastic


 [nteda] (1960) Maurice Dallimore, p:ex-gambler c:USA poin: 5


Latly I can't even be around anyone, and I feel bad cus BJ puts up with my asshole personality


If the internet is open to surveillance it is also open to hacking. It must be made secure for every one   


I've resisted this for too long now. it need to be done.


 Nothing I haven't said before. You brought it up!


Eish   The masses will watch on Tv, time has come for the Arch to identify with masses and watch on Tv 


kia_skytoucher Cup of coffee with Theo for you &lt;3 :-* have a nice day ;-)   hell yeah, all his shit sound the same but it work for him ha


oh my, 4 hours upload. But I have to do 720p, otherwise Id be sad.


I've collected 24,480 gold coins!    


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


 one of the better posts on  this week. Been on the fence as well, still think he's better than this.


I have completed the quest 'Build 3 level 3 Villas.' in the  game The Tribez.   


we have overcome, by the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony!


 me too, i really missed it :-) now i have too figure out to split my time for writing, creating and some RL too :-)


 look at  And have an interesting conference with   and all the others. I'll read...


If that wooden Cyberman from The Time of the Doctor isn't made of mahogany, I'll be largely disappointed.  


Time for me to start thinking about my  all-star team. Cut-off is start of 3rd period of final.


What kind of game would you like to develop, but you won't, because you know it will never pay off? 


Done so far   gonna put the ribbons on tomorrow (as well as some glitter)   i'm just kidding, you're fab and i'm so proud of you


 well, you have the recipe and you can ask  who tried it in AMS. :)


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


" Why Did Nipsey Hussle Turn Down MMG?!? | Watch here:  cause he smarter than that


Jgn pernah lupe org yg tersyg dulu k  Mana boleh lupa :')) haish   Going to Munich in April, Italy in June. In Feb. to Munich for art exhibition. Many day trips in CZ planned. Also Nuremburg


Web Developer PHP (m/w) Website &amp; Customer Portal  Jobs Dresden


 [laif asfe] (2000) Noah Wyle, p:doomsday c:USA poin: 9


matheus td errado flndo q parou de beber para de show


50 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Hi!  please look at my polish version of "Podemos" and tell me what do you think about it? :)  48


Today stats: 20 followers, 11 unfollowers and followed 13 people via  Jawaban benar: i'm voting republican,  21/19647 poin


Philidelphia fans booing cause the "dead" ball return was not a TD, yeah y'all obviously don't know basic football 101.


  yea me too. The fact you can get fired up by defense just made me that much a problem.


Was out walking 4.23 km with  See it here:  want to order some letter sets and stickers from ebay but there's no money on my bank account TTTT


Today is the 123 birthday of Harold Godfrey Lowe.  5 Officer of the RMS ''Titanic''


It keeps amazing me how sweet  is! He answers like everything people post him. Such a sweet man hiding behind the tough dwarf


Caught the photographer woepet taking the last picture of  Stein      Still 10 days to go - a lot of time for changes left. At the moment it's too mild for snow. Not very optimistic but who knows


The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau


At  !! Thank you to our sponsor  for our grand prizes!! Thank you also for  of employees are required to use personal social accounts for work (survey) | VentureBeat | Social | by JOD  Yzyl Episode 116 Preview - izleyici platformu  via 


 [eth tosh rehda dounra eht orwld] (2006) Brandon Tierney, p:baseball c:USA poin: 31


Spongebob squarepants, "  Menurut kamu, apa judul Film paling Romantis yang pernah kamu tonton?"


 well, sorry. I found a different source before you turned up. would have said thanks anyway but other things happened.


 ym tevrafio yps tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: my favorite spy


Tales from the Trough: Midnight Shift in the Newsroom (pt. 2)...In the    Billions,  Expects a Better Offer   I am 100 % Czech  ;). but the question is, what's worse, be 100% Czech or half Slovak... 


Photo: datingtipsfromthedoctor: Dating Tip  Look on the bright side, Im not a Dalek is the best pick...      I hope to chat more too.  These days r crazy busy here in hotel :-)


jak budou k agrofertu a jeho firmam ted pristupovat banky, financni urady, dodavatele, odberatele, cez, cepro atd


  Thanx!! Its good to know that there are still serious journalists! ;-) because its so true...


        Polkowice  Do we want to give them  a licence to kill?: The UN is discussing whether 'fully autonomous weapons ...  Uz je to asi pase, ale  a  boli v PRC. More on that here:  +  And what are Nick and the dogs going to do? :-D


1 week left until  in Sapporo!Meet  there with  and  bioreactor for microalgae! cinema for me today, while the gang is sitting and watching the Lord of the rings trilogy. Sucks.


is looking for an IT Headhunter based in Prague.Feel free to contact me on jiri for more information


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Today stats: 3 followers, 7 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  What do you get if you eat too many Christmas decorations?
Alice: I don't know
Vicar: Tinsellitis!
Alice: Oh dear I better be careful


Great TED talk by  with some key statements you might not forget. You won't regret watching it.  might want to take off the padded gloves today and express... More for Taurus  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 127


1985 - W.A.S.P. - The Last Command !!  With my Favorite Song "Blind In Texas" !!  great musicians tend to be. Best metal musicians can jazz, electronic wizzes love classical... Makes sense really :)


 Jawaban benar: the killing of a chinese bookie,  31/369787 poin


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sjd


3 people followed me // automatically checked by  Reveals Its Top Trending Search Terms and Questions of 2013  achlyscaine: Work it, Peter. *Dramatic glare*  in Concert - Markus Schulz:  prostednictvm 


i can't live a lie, running for my life, i will always want you


New environment favors creative and adaptable sellers who challenge customers w/ disruptive insights and offer unexpected solutions.


 Haven't lost a friend to  yet. But I'd get recognised through music, I guess. 
"Music was my first love ..."


Handmade Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


I found some old memory cards in my drawer. Hope they are readable and there's some fun stuff on them


  Haha, I was lazy this time as well, I was rather listening and making notes other then Tweeting. Next time for sure!


Wed, 13 Nov 2013, let us all send Juhi Chawla the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (46)


I just voted for Robin Williams   Retweet to vote  via 


 tests classified spy drone with superior stealth, efficiency capabilities
 watched "The Marchioness" (S2 E7) of Elementary (via 


so yeah, watching a thing in which peter Capaldi basically just cries or at least looks sad (dead son...again). he's good at crying.


Support us Purchase 1 or more of 11 Digital Albums available  Bandcamp!  reddit liked the long exposure zoom effect Christmas tree, here is a long exposure zoom keybo  additional we are grateful, the additional happiness we calculate.


 it was actually insane, the dream and the other dream were so vivid. I also remember waking up from my dream, in my dream.


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


I've collected 13,772 gold coins!    


Merry Christmas          Awesome, thanks! I'll just start posting, hopefully it won't scare away any readers.


 thats not gonna work. See iAd. People just dont want to *interact* with ads.


messing with photoshop result nr2 - blured but with bright eyes :-)   ,  &amp;  sing holiday parodies of your favorite songs:  a beautiful explanation of what more and more people are doing on this planet. There is an Awakening goin...  think it's time to grow up and get some business cards... I could use some on Tuesday when during Placebo gig 1 gal asked me about my pics


   More showing tools in the arsenal that could, potentially, be used.


Thank's God. For everything. Thank's that i still can feel the illness. Wish can make me more grateful to You. 


 what happened? Low battery alarm or failure to alarm on real fire?


Our cat, our Christmas tree, &amp; time-lapse:  via 


Wait, is 'Animals' actually ghost-produced or not??


Odeslal jsem 18 fotek na Facebook do alba Prizefighter IV.: Dominantn Joshua, oumen Gavern, trapn Toney!  read and experiment: " tours on twitter - Or being the eyes of your followers" -  by 


Where does all the lost weight go? Somebody should look into that.


 I just unlocked the achievement: 'Fully healed for 1st time' in  


 Yes, unfortunately ... the Chinese are the only ally of North Korea .. they could make a difference


 Connect Millions of Devices to the Salesforce Platform - YouTube   There isnt much to say. Only your voice is one of the best ive ever heard.


Am looking to get a tattoo, a tattoo with meaning not just anything.... A dedication to  and  so I  on about one


It's 00:23, I'm sleepy, angry, tired, grumpy and my homework still isn't done. I hate school, I hate German language, I hate everything.


 oh you're right.. I didn't realize that.. Whoa O_O They're amazing o__o


Was out running 7.23 km with  See it here:  used to look forward to Christmas because it meant we were only 2 months away from baseball season..


Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We're sending a big "Thank you" to all our followers!  congratulations to my long time friend  on the birth of his son and daughter today!! :-)


We apologize for any inconvenience due to the technical problems with our CUBE Advent Calender. The game is now...  people followed me // automatically checked by  old daughter: 'mama, why if I'm Irish do I speak so much English?', Me: 'darling, how long have you got?'


Just made a movie of my  on Twitter:  What's yours look like? 


I have Flag on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


   We use still only the 5.10 ... which is an awful system. I hope the current version differs very much.


NBA Usher vs. Little Kid: 'Dance Cam' Battle for the Ages  knew that Apple was insecure :P What I didn't know is that they run Windows.


  not yet. His family is there. Waiting for news


Sometimes I look at you and I wonder how I got to be so damn lucky.


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany :)


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 Listening to your latest appearance on The Indoor Kids. Can't wait to hear your thoughts on theme!


New  vinyl on  izz just sickk!!..can't wait to get it! 


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  How to Build Small Lego Sports Car (No Comment)


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               179


With  and  we will turn the table in terms of  therapy! BETA has launched  


i got fucking goosebumps listening to live version of "underdog" i'm gonna die at the concert oh my goddd


Sony PlayStation Sales Surpass 1 Million Units in 24 Hours (1) - Businessweek  


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           429


Lady Gaga and R. Kelly Spark Instagram Scandal of Presidential Proportions  All of sudden the twitter  fanatics have run out of words. The ANC victory is a bitter pill for our opponents to swallow ANC


 Jawaban benar: a lawman is born,  16/369346 poin


That Vandy fan is still standing there wondering what happened.  have completed the quest 'Upgrade Ancient Bar...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Cannabinoids ameliorate disease progressioon of MS   Sometimes you gotta go out and get your dance on.   summits of Mount Fuji (left) and Hoeizan (right)  good morning. Same to you and good luck &amp; all the best for next year. Much fun in dehlii. Greeting from germany fan;-)


 ouch nantiew bilew awuckz da beca da keluar ipon15 da iponcik da tux begunew


 so cute :) is extra interesting "the road"? how long is it?


Best TV series in 2013: The Blacklist (by a long shot), Almost human, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Under the Dome


"With a sign on my back saying 'Kick Me'  Reality ruined my life"


Martin Scorsese chce pr pracovat s One Direction  Green Building Adds Value for Property Owners and Tenants   I know, that was a disastrous attempt at levity.


Con  estamos organizando la "1st Eastern Europe Conference on High Standards: A Journey into the Friend Zone"


11th commandment - Thou shalt not unfollow. My 11 unfollowers didn't know. 4 new followers. Daily stats via  we go again&gt;&gt;&gt;  Ian Somerhalder   Retweet to vote  pes 


Congratz  for being the third best trance event in the whole world! Looking forward to Bratislava!  oh, my bad ^^ im still at work so i will watch it at 11:00 pm


 zitra INFMS silvestr &amp; novy rok tady, vidime se;) 
 University Accepts Bitcoins as Tuition Payment  me add my simple: "Merry Christmas" to my followers, like you're not getting enough of them from everyone else though :)) Love you guys!


I've collected 570 gold coins!    


 [ngoyu ssjee smjae] (1960) Rayford Barnes, p:missouri c:USA poin: 17


 Yes my friend? why did you call me? :) Let me guess, my dear fellow! You want me to go to Olomouc, right? 


I've been coughing since I started hanging out with Cain and them ... What is wrong with me 


Hohooo Piraten, hohooo! Endlich!     i want to hear the new single "Neon Lights" by Demi Lovato 


 we can do these things at the same time... ;)
In any way you will understand this


Keren!" Amazing pic. Must see Optical Illusion  Biffy Clyros neues Album Opposites - Live From Glasgow im Stream |   continues in Ukraine RT  Patriotic Ukrainian Maidan stache  Shock - Terzo Cechio - Pescara Hesed,Puzzle System,Dinotek,Silvio Molok, Pita Nu family,Olmek sound.....  Holidays to each and everyone! May you have a wonderful time


i love assassin gob so much i could listen to it on repeat forever


 Do you know who I think Reba should sing with? Josh Groban, that would be amazing.


 It kind of makes sense though, I mean, the guy's a NES collector. He has all the rare stuff like action 52.


 [iymgth osuem ni eht rtojna ohrse] (1946) Tom Morrison, p:parody c:USA poin: 32


 Playing Live: Melbourne, Australia - Mar 7 at The Reverence Hotel + The Corner Hotel  Hi Lizzie,  we have discounts for Prague accommodation and tours and more. Contact me for info and free advice about Prague..


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


 [lnpeiroac] (2004) Windham Beacham, p:racism c:USA poin: 9


 eht ,ntgih eth orlrwpe tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the night, the prowler


Vintage Hair Pin Czech Aurora Borealis Teardrop by prettyinprague  via 


I'll never understand how songs with the same sentence repetitively even get popular


Accepting Applications: Software Configuration Specialist - Senior in Brno, Czech Republic  


 yep there's a difference, there was only around 3000 copies of the limited ed. but sadly none of them's on ebay


Interesting paper on early molecular divergence in Nematodes  Striking omissions in references. Model organism bias!


Good night my HURTSfamily :-*         collected 45,229 gold coins!    


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  realized 5K turbo specialist  won himself another milly, elbows up homie.


 You look good in make up. But I'm jist probably into old women C:


I favorited a  video  (Ylvis) - The Fox at 2013 MAMA


Today stats: 14 lovely Elves followed me and One unfollowed me via  from Warsaw 07-11-13       :-*  stats: 7 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


DIF Infrastructure to Acquire Four Utility-Scale   Plants from   


That message in this is amazing. I wish people can actually HEAR it... It's called tolerance.  Joey Jordison says he did not quit the band |   have destroyed an enemy Type 63! Try out this exciting action with me!    


Video A$AP Ferg - "Hood Pope" Official Music Video Premiere | First Look  memory of Rogelio de la Rosa who was born on November 12th, 1916 and died on November 10th, 1986.


Goodmorning ladies, listen if you dont have a guy to tell you youre beautiful, screw it you shouldn't need one too.  


Check out what Fadi of Aly &amp; Fila had to say about Skypatrol' and "Folding your Universe" in this exclusive...  Please announce tour dates 2014 pleaseeeee :( 


 It's hard to believe that any financial analyst would make a statement like, " will fall 99 percent by June." He's crazy!


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               416


I just reached level 7 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


 and your snap just made my night haha so much funnier now that I know what's going on! 


Woah Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as Cardiff City new manager. VINCENT TAN VINCENT TAN!


California Encouraged by Health Plan Enrollment 


If u want to infect women with some virus, put it in a flash on their phone. They'll all have it by the end of the day.


Apply Today: Experienced Office Manager with Russian, Czech and English in Prague, Czech Republic  


fact: party with free food &amp; beverages &gt; watching football


45  The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


 Enterprise Linux 7 Beta now available  


YES. I knew they wouldn't cast James Frain just as a decoration. I suppose the reveal woulda been more shocking w/ someone else 


Trance Department - Fisherman &amp; Hawkins:  prostednictvm 


 so current jailbroken devices should be jailbroken again?


 it was always my pleasure to be in touch with you, Paul. It is an honor for me to know "first NHL blogger in history".


|| happy weekend ||              lol that's me.. it was great time in Oxford! :)


 [a atsr si htdehca] (1938) Sara Berner, p:visual-pun c:USA poin: 17


  you would need close integration with business. Might be worth it, but academics, scholars will not agree.


Chris Travis - Wavy World (Official Music Video):  via 


11-2, can't wait to see what the 2014/15 season has in store.


 [24 sohru .h.t.wi] (2007) Bobby Brown c:UK poin: 16


A great story... great lesson from recent history.  losing by 40....this film session might be one of the hardest!!! But things need to be said and seen for us to move forward.


Jobs the movie is now available to rent or buy in iTunes, other venues  as if you have no will of your own but are in constant battle with your body, and you are losing.


Ask an Expert: Advice on How to Research Family History, Part 2 


Good morning. Current condition is Cloudy and the temperature is 5 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 24, 2013 at 07:28AM.{Aut...


 when I'm trying to deal with them, something else comes up. I just want it all to end. I don't think that's asking for too much


A new favorite: GOURU PODCAST - TRAUMER by traumer  on 


Fotoserie: Forehead kisses 8x15 // 9x10 requested by brennansbreasts  bosen bete *ambiltali* *gantungdiri* *talinyagkputusputus* *atapnyaroboh* *gagalmati*


New Virtual Studio for 2014 is growing. Can't wait 4 Parcel Service next week.  


36  They are a possibility for joy...

Castle/Beckett   


LOV THEM:      
Seconds Of Summer - Love Doctor:  iPad MiStand will be available in Space Gray:-) 


Ford's New Concept Car Can Last for 21 Miles Fueled Only by Sunlight  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.06C, Marc 22.0C ac foris 0.13C vre esse.


Nicola Bryant prolly wasn't cast bc of her ability to execute a flawless American accent... pretty tho, and curvy. that's fo sure.


"I'm only your friend because you are American" .. even in jest it kinda hurts   


Watching Prom Night (1980) &amp; as I can see that the remake was 10 times better!!!


My new jacket for running after the sun set...nikerunning     with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Beautiful souvenir from last night's Christmas Get-Together with our members...  Geek Out, Name Sea Slug After 'Game of Thrones' Character  people followed me // automatically checked by  locations in Prague. Found urinal in a home toilet. Discuss.   pry jsou online spendy v tv 90% bonusy ke grpum a ma to i odborny vyraz OMK - ostatni medialni kanaly 


INNA feat. Yandel - In Your Eyes (Official Music Video):  via  


I watched this  'Just wanted to say hello and I totally agree!! Looking good! Love the hair color!  |  Anderson his latest Prada short movie Mr Fantastic Wes is dating a Lebanese writer and voice actress Juman Malouf  that I didn't like the opening 2-parter that much either, this time. less than 1st time. but series 5 was great (bar Hungry E.)


Fabo ft Lostcause - Where I Stand (KARMON Remix) - original clip w/ LYRICS  przez 


I'm pretty sure it was first song of Ellie that I loved.


Domaci rillettes. To by pod stromeckem nemelo nikoho urazit.  Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  you slow internet connection fuck you fuck you fuck you


UK's new national firewall: O2's "parental control" list blocks Slashdot, EFF, and BoingBoing  [teh vdlnlaece shwo] (2009) Stacy Ferguson, p:neighbor c:USA poin: 18


New York City puts e-cigarettes under smoking ban  via  


Experienced Office Manager with Russian, Czech and English  


 [ckor otbotm] (2002) Johnny Grasso, p:hustler c:USA poin: 11


it actually uses the time travel aspect more smartly than pretty much 90% of all Doctor Who stories. all it took was a non-genre writer.


 Jawaban benar: i love my mother-in-law but...,  30/350726 poin


Listen to  during heading to  its time for you to play in my hometown! Cheers


Cc  RT  The Killing Lives to See Another Day! Netflix Resurrects the AMC Drama for Season 4  have been anticipating a change in direction for a while, ... More for Gemini  to know how to get from the  airport to your hotel for  Weve got the scoop:  call it the City of a Thousand Spires for a reason.       tell your partner, dear  this is the best gift i could give myself:  just ask!


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


 74% of the richest people on Earth were high school &amp; college dropouts.hmmm


" get keef and durk the fuck out of here please jesus." Gbe*


Great review for  - 'Great service and a bargain - recommended' -  congratulatins finally u understand what to do - boys are always a little bit slower :P:D


What companies watch in 2014    


Girl 1: Can I invite a few friends to your Halloween party? Girl 2: Sure. The more, the scarier!


Voluntarily drinking the urine of a cow sounds more unnatural to me than gay sex.  


Try 24-hour homeless experience, teambulding and city game with Pragulic 
  day, new tweets, new stats. 1 new unfollower. Via good old  since uninstalling FB app on my phone I find myself visiting a lot less.


Garmin Vivofit: a Fitness Tracker You Only Need to Charge Once a Year  can u say "hi" to me and my friends   lots of love from Brazil


 GREAT dominatrixes        


Hello people, what's up ??? :D             Loveee


And I go to college for this.     TUL Budova F (menza)  did katherine just read a fan fiction out loud with that description  40's/50's Purse Trachten Black Suede by prettyinprague  via 


 Ha! I'll try if you show us first (that means, of course, posting that on some video channel) *grin*


morning &amp; happy Saturday, everyone! dreamed of PCap, sadly nothing NSFW. still, nice.


 aosmterhcars tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: crossmaheart


TOP20 2013  209: 10.  - Alliance Of One (Original Mix) 


I was also wondering who Delores was     a clothing shop next to the site of the Nkomo statue


I just liked "850 meters (HD English version)" on Vimeo:  well I guess I should feel happier than I do. ridden by doubt and all that. but thanks! :)


Southern Belles know their religions: Baptist, Methodist and College Football.


  delayed, but with mucho luv...  back to u guys!


A new favorite: glas.raum podcast 007 mixed by neverdogs (music on) by glas.raum  on 


The Pie Shop is open on Tylovo namesti in Prague as of today, with British-style meat &amp; veg pies and sausage rolls  yup me too!! She stresses me out so bad that I get knots in my neck. I hate that lady.


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


 Definitely, not sure if they can stay open otherwise! They even had the usual unexciting Czech groceries at 3x the usual price


I'd sit on his beautiful face anyday! RT " ZAYN MALIK."


     i saw :-) he looks sooooooooooooooooo amazing :-)))))


 eh you still want that girl guide box? i realize i have a lot of boxes -.-


Pesn!  Seeing a spider isnt a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.


I've collected 13,931 gold coins!    


Rest in peace Mandiba. You did more than your part for the world. D.S.


 I do not speak English natively, but I know the difference between THEN and THAN. This makes the whole quote sound stupid!!


This is my new favorite thing - my newly acquired mint case in yellow with that super fancy pink OMG :D          to all of you too:-))


Laura San Jos Patchwork abre tienda online   say please forgive me to my parents cause it's xmas when you have lovely ones and you have maybe trouble with them please said sry cause


Lb se mi video   South of Roosvelt - Get Lo Get Hi (Original Mix)


The first goal in the  jersey! Literally rape the replay button with tears in my eyes!!!
SO PROUD  don't need to hate Israelis cause of their fucked up government, they are also victims too


 [snmaga] (1998) Martin Anderson, p:children c:UK poin: 6


 That was a brilliant race, but the ending was not surprisingly the best part of the race for me :)


Gambrinus 10      Restaurace Pod Juliskou  favorited a  video  Fiction - Na Chmelnici 1995


You wanna play, you wanna stay, you wanna have it all


Right now,an excellent discussion with Canadian theatre critic  at our Theatre Studies Dpt. Is that usefull,writing about 


I just got a free Beta Key for Heroes Of The Storm, thanks to    - Norwich. Sterling with a goal. Suaretz assist this time.


Everyone is always doing the same thing. Making resolutions for the new year and all that. But when the year...   Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


 yea, it's kind of boring though... I think I'll return to killing you in future ones


 you couldnt finish half of a blunt let alone a facey Big Al we all know that


 [emasd] (1934) Robert Emmett Keane, p:eccentric c:USA poin: 5


With a 7-Day Head Start, PS4 Beats Xbox One Sales in November  many years can people exist before they are allowed to be free?


 [autrs nuutk aidridba] (1994) Adi Kurdi, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 20


 "No matter how long you have been here, you are a New Yorker the first time you say, That used to be Munsey's, or...


 aha typo. tu ah aku paling suka rambut dia. cam izzue dalam ssid uols


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         266


 ah sure :'3 my tumblr is  and deviantArt would be  :'3 can I follow you too? _


Mediln studia 02/2013 Special Issue on Post-Socialist Media Audiences  need to hurry up for lunch, there is enough food for everyone. Instead of waiting, you can join a contest on the 2nd floor. 


I enjoyed The Great Beauty (La Grande Bellezza) movie directed by Paolo Sorrentino.  if you aren't at Catfish tomorrow I will end our friendship


 that is sooo beautiful bb, TY :-) enjoy ur reading. hope u still like it :-)


what good is having the bbc when CBB is on Channel 5? in desperate need to change a zipcode! Thank god for youtube :D


The Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


    he is exposed completely exposed !!!!!!! If he wins that means show is fixed


 He just wanted to show every other man how butch he is. :))f


 Really? Though the customer has to install a full Basic Client, pay for a CAL etc.?


3 Cargolux jets on the south central ramp at ORD today. At least 2 were -800's  Wifi-Direct and Proximity API for peer file transfers (Channel 9)  Loop a Medium je "in-depth journalism"? Tak to preju 067 hidne stesti.


"Tall, thin, curvy, short, whatever you are, you are beautiful." -Demi | via Tumblr  earned Bronze achievement ''Bird Catcher'' in My Railway for  Jealous yet?   


God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him. *NN*


Are these the world's richest students? photos
 Blakemore  TED: The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain  [jluoeenm unail sohncga] (1991) So-ri Ok c:South Korea poin: 22


Some boy on Facebook was creeping on Savannah then she messaged him telling him to creep on me.......thanks


 AND DID YOU KNOW THAT I HAVE A GIRL CRUSH ON UEE OR WHAT TTTT thank you so much omg TT


News: PUIG DESTROYER - Wait for Spring EP als Stream online :  everytime one of you people in jville have unprotected sex boosie gets a year added to his sentence." ----


 [trefgo me vrene] (1999) Ken Kramer, p:law-firm c:USA poin: 15


 hnusny ikony, longpress je antipattern stejne jako ta UI schizofrenie..dobry je maximalne to min rusici start menu..


hhh  ???          Wernerstrasse, Cotte  Is your  connected to the official  ? I just wanna know if  should RT


 That's because L4D2 is free today. I want to throw money at Valve and I can't, boo. Good that ETS2 isn't a daily today :P


"People say you don't know what you have until it's gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just never thought you'd lose it."


 Thanks for favoring my tweet! Grazie mille! Italia je bellisima! Next yr. I am going to Bologna, Ferrara, Ravenna, Modena.


 no wonder he pick him as uglist and most handsome AHAHAHAA


Tue, 12 Nov 2013, let us all send Lex Lang the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (48)


 Jawaban benar: wicked,  6/327623 poin  1/366524 poin


Most Iconic Clothing in Pop Music recreated in Illustrator  "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."- i will do both after the show march 4th 


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


 Dle Nick Cave &amp; The Bad Seeds album, "Push The Sky Away"

 fog comes on little cat feet.  
Mlha pichz na koich tlapkch.  Carl Sandburg  [ovle srttee] (1994) Christopher James, p:erotica c:USA poin: 11


Avoid ---&gt;   Some engineering work going on between Marlboro and Sandton. Buses replaced the train! 


I liked a  playlist  Lovecraft: Christmas Songs


Back in the yard 8^)
Vzadu ve dvoe 8^)
        was the day I wanted to hug my principal. 


I've been to Svankmajer's little chateau at Horni Stankov, his collection is amazing.  He's grabbed up lots of rare treasures in Bohemia


 [eht ncaioemsd ni arfaic] (1967) Elizabeth Taylor, p:narration c:USA poin: 23


Andean Condor, California Condor  Both condors are very large broad-winged soaring birds, the Andean  are you gonna hang out with her after you talked shit on her last night?


 [a fiolper fo iber'f 'cronetnue] (2000) Sheridan Morley c:UK poin: 30


  hahaha, yeah, I can imagine :D happy for you!


English Tip of the Week: Compound adjectives!  Be sure to put your hyphens in the right place.  If you're talking...  lucky lucky bstd. There is a surfer dude in you Big man. O'er sailor!!


Pakistan wants peace in Afghanistan: KP governor | Pakistan Today | Latest news  isn't polls or public opinion of the moment that counts. It's right and wrong and leadership.  - Harry Truman


 [cakdetr yb eht eclopi] (1927) Rin Tin Tin, p:dog c:USA poin: 21


 2) If you think a correction is warranted, you can follow the instructions here:  out walking 1.55 km with  See it here:  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


On page 62 of 368 of Nic nebude jako dv, by Karin Slaughter  I dont think you get my point. I can ask devs for their opinion on some tiny default in Spring and they will cast there vote


Job Opportunity:? SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 
I
LOVE 
YOU
SO
MUCH
SIVA 
please follow me, i love you, what really matters to me is you, you're my angel, do you okay?


sian man u vs newcastle 0-0! come on  !!! I believe in you!(: 


  if u ask hw many movies`local" have pple watched u`ll be impreesed. people don want to support local arts


 [yastl] (1973) Rance Howard, p:sea-lion c:USA poin: 5


If you know the truth, you'll get hurt &amp; very disappointed.


 [eatrigm] (1927) Robert Ellis, p:new-york c:USA poin: 7


Heyy guys! I'm trying to reach 3k, so I could follow more of you &lt;3 RT please! I always  back!!  


 whats ur most fav song by Backstreet Boys? Mine's prolly Incomplete, well maybe I want it that way..actually I love them all!


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


" Huwag mong sasaktan ang babae, malay mo bukas mas pogi na sayo yan. 


 Hey TunnelBear! Please give me 1GB of free data!  Thanks!


 Jawaban benar: suspicious minds,  16/334649 poin


Color Correction Basics in Photoshop | Tutorial9  via 


my new  is 8124893368. nothing has felt better in life than moving away from georgetown lol


18 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


I'm getting off the train in a few minutes but it's freezing cold out there kill me


        I know know if anything will change my feelings now..


 I don't want to be above the team. I lead it. And I have fun doing it. 


So i burned my lips yesterday with some very hot kebab. eyes watered, nose was running, couldnt eat it.  would ask for more chili


Wien 27.11. 2013 with my dearest:)) 
         Vortag fr mich bisher: Console Hacking - echt empfehlenswert :)

"How to hack any embedded device
1. Open the browser"


Fracking hot: N. Dakota man sets tap water on fire
 Dese Niggaz Real As Long As None Don't Happen......"


The hilarious and terrible *Santa* brand book. Make sure you are on brand in time for Christmas.   BULLSHIT. How does Fergie appearing even make a difference?


Keep dwelling on the deserts of your past and you won't see the sea before you.


    


so i asked the painting why i seemed to be under attack + why this foreskin is here to help.  


Just loved "Adham Goda - Time Differences EP 103 [10th November 2013] On Tm..." by Adham GoDa on   had a headache and still cant talk -.- bt i should come 2morrow :)


She loved life and it loved her right back | via Tumblr  to regret something you HAVE done than something you have NOT!


Great collaboration of our favorite Michael Anastassiades and Carl Aubck. More at...  i'm starting to not believe i liked myself for a period of time


 Jawaban benar: willie nelson: the big six-0,  28/341611 poin


    current political,economic conditions have taught us about survival not 


Feel sorry for her but she'll be more successful this way RT " She went out with a fight anyway  


 And to you and your loved ones (especially Mother F) ;) x


For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous; lest the plenteous put forth their hands unto iniquity.


Socialbakers launches Instagram, LinkedIn and a mobile app in our Analytics!!!   is a thing!


How long are JB wit us!!!  RT  The History of the Job Board [INFOGRAPHIC]  hrat to vic nahlas? Tak to neni problem." 


Stunning Portraits Of The Worlds Remotest Tribes Before They Pass Away   framed  Glass star bracelet   


Fat girls wearing skinny jeans.... 
Kill me. Please. My eyes are burning 


How To Uninstall McAfee Antivirus - Featuring John McAfee himself:  :)


 You know what to do during these small breaks. *wink wink* 


What the pain (homesick here) may do may be creative.  via 


 Jawaban benar: armenia: a country under blockade,  33/346183 poin


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


Set de fotos: Were the Millers (2013) "Lord, we thank thee for the blessing of this family vacation. May...  maybe bias...but I haven't taken this out the player yet!!!! Check him out   at Kongresov centrum Praha | Prague Congress Centre (Praha) w/ 4 others  Instagram Eyeing Up  Email Addresses For Its Users As Part Of A Messaging Service? ()  happy birthday Haghihh. Remain cool. Have a blast!


 eht toh chtoeacl- eroslsdi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the hot choc-late soldiers


Peaceful evening with hot chocolate and candles...  Top 3  Artists: Fukkk Offf (134), Monosurround (12) &amp; The Boy Who (12)  00:00 - 24.07.2014 00:00

Uncover musical motifs in art from the Gothic period through the 21st...  Joe Flizzow - Havoc feat. Altimet and Sonaone , hanan , kamu rindu kita tak ? :P


at dentist  im gonna cry like a little baby :-)


Poster for tonight's concert at Reduta Jazz Club in Prague!  Kurtel - Switch On The Night by Olmeca Tequila &amp; Mixmag (+playlist):  via 


"Technically it's not actually a pearl necklace, just some drops of semen under your chin..."

Some are so pendantic on here!




I might be dealing with "spoonaholic"...my tea-spoons vanish all the time..


I will be exhibiting  piece of artwork here in the  at the concert of an international artist!


La bouche de Nol! A classic French Yule log cake in Paris with Dad &amp; mes amis     ,...  my nigga where you at We so motha Fuckin Gucci lol


Good nihgt HURTS family,sweet dreams        WE NEED GUNS - Hearts Astray Making Of Video online :  Crazy thing is, these songs probably sound good to everybody BUT me." I be the same way


 But it isn't when kombucha is a part of it :3 right?


Wed, 08 Jan 2014, let us all send Jenny Lewis the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (38)


Lahat na ata napatawad ko na ikaw na lang hindi, 4 years na kong inis sayo. -___-


     x-mass baking is almost here :-D  [ppnuna ewhgnyao] (1997) Ggoch-ji Kim, p:teen c:South Korea poin: 15


 eopirctlle tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: petrocelli


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


 congrats to 5 years of being the best music service on earth! and thanks for your support during this time! don't stop! ric


Birine CANIM dersin, Senin CANINI karp yine senin avularnn arasna koyar, ve sen ylece kanadn izlersin okadar....


 Der Gamma Hans - Kisses, words of the soul from her lips.  nothing but good things, but not yet! RT   Have you Tried  Wine cheaper &amp; better ones 


The city is covered in fog. Seems like I'll run in Niflheim today. 


 What happened to your account that I had to follow you again?


" The DBA is putting up our departmental Christmas tree. I'm making SQL server related puns, eg The CLUSTERING of branches" :-D


When you are all alone in the house and something you'v been using disappears,  that is really scary


 How long did the doctor say it would take? I'd easily expect 2 weeks. x


 justine please follow me ... you don't know what it means to me :)) PLEASE !!! &lt;3


 [eht nan iinjlal otrys] (1988) Tony Lo Bianco c:USA poin: 21


seems like i got hacked. i changed my pw and everything should be fine now.


 [het daed edn acts] (1947), p:big-city c:USA poin: 17


Thankyouuu ce!:D  happy birthday yoo... ahaa
God bless o:)
Semoga tmbh cantik&gt;&lt; yang plusplus dah.. haha..


 community 

Is Proudly Invited YOU to 

 Fashion Workshop

Learn DIY FASHION TUTORIAL    Megs name in my phone is 'meg mo' cuz i can never remember how many r's and s's are in her name thanks


Allh is exalted and with his praise. .. Subhana Allahi Wa Bi Hamdih ..


"It isnt the number of followers you have that matters, but the quality of followers that you have that matter."  memory of Greg Giraldo who was born on December 10th, 1965 and died on September 29th, 2010.


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  Well it doesn't look well, but on the other side, Lotus maybe won't be alone. It's a very early test.


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 ouesiqnt 7 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: question 7


Hire by Auditions, Not resumes ... nice HBR article  savers among the future developments in airports   


3 Days until BelAmi's biggest orgy ever begins! 6 Full days of action at   with     


 [het neutdabte] (1986) Marc Wallice, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 13


I la la la la la love LA cause the west side, cause the west side baby. 


I have just installed an ancient 1997 release of debian in a KVM machine. Lovely, it goes with 16 M RAM :-) 


Jack Wilshere says Manchester City fans insulted his children  via 


 nope. Send him/her an appropriate GIF as reaction. :D


I liked a  video  Kanye West - Bound 2 (Explicit)


Ponomarenkov " the legislation lacks concrete measures which would help women, therefore most of the women are single or divorced" 


missing her somuch..she will always be the one..i love her so much..u know who u're..


 my ID is 'shinepleiades' :3 and i knoooow, i want to meet you so badly ;; but work keeps me so busy and it's hard to take holidays


On my way to The Hilton for the Pokerstars EPT Prague event.


Ultra-Orthodox anti-Zionist community flees Quebec for  | JPost | Israel News  via 


I've collected 510 gold coins!    


 *LOL* Not trying to be mean, but I hope you'll have a busy day. That way you won't have time to  Oh,they both are so handsome&lt;3 :)Lucky you,I have a driving licence but I'm still too scare to drive:/I'm sure you got this!


 Itulah paling havoc, tak tahu ke? Kira u dah sesaing wak doyok tau. Haha


First Pics of "Queen of the Desert" (not with Rob)  autocorrect BS just caused a hella awkward moment ke inboxa a nigga-homie!!


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 Logical Reason: If you share a bathroom you are bothered by others to get off asap. Longer bathing is a "singles" benefit.


The breeze has awakened the earth, and sun has Colored 
our world. The birds have added melody to the morning &amp; 
I...   it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  g


 [sdik' yostr] (2003) Hiromi Tsuru, p:dream c:USA poin: 11


 " is it true you are on Facebook?" &gt; Incorrect. Stop listening to those voices in your head.


The VICE Guide to Engagement: How a magazine is using video content to attract generation Y   reached 1k on my birthday. Coincidence? I think not. 


The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact. - Thomas Huxley


btw, I'm actually studying. 2 pages in of the first topic! only 11 left.............


I wish you a wonderful health and happiness new year 2014!!  


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 Happy birthday, sweetheart! I hope that your special day is full of fun and happiness and everything that you enjoy. &lt;3


 Jawaban benar: the lone wolf in paris,  22/336375 poin


"I play,joke like an asshole when I work cuz I luv too see ppl around me smilin n laughin..sometimes I even forget I'm on top of the charts"


 [bodleu ammhwy] (1986) Rachel Ryan, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 13


   "SAHIR: PARKOUR commerical versus GoPro Hero 3" (  


A tribute to my old friends but also a recall to the newest tekno generation who don't have any idea what Spiral...    pretty sure I've already done it haha 


The warmth of your heart, resounding from within .


It is better to be an ordinary person working for a living that to play a great person and go hungry   


Iggy Pop reading is pretty much ear porn. gawwwd. I love his voice.


News: WOLVES LIKE US - Neues Album Black Soul Choir im Februar 2014 :  e:enldywws inkc &amp; asjscie tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: newlyweds: nick &amp; jessica


Yes! Today is Beautiful! Because this is the life!         RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


humankind has exactly zero chance of longterm survival. ..That might only be natural. Change is a natural status. .. Human species (9/11)


I have completed the quest 'Hidden Chest' in the  game The Tribez.   


"Hey I can't play any discs on my xbox one. Getting the error 0x91d70001"   
Me too, is there a solution?


Well, he will visit one more time in january and then he'll be gone...


     what a memory right :-)))) im baking, filling, decorating like crazy :-)


 [fi a dbyo mseet a oybd] (1945) Al Thompson, p:murder c:USA poin: 22


A new favorite: Surgeon *FREE DOWNLOAD* by Pelikann  on 


 I am buying dc comics thing injustice god among us you can stop by friday or saturday


YouTube delays streaming music service to next year | The Verge &gt;&gt;  haha good stuff. im gonna thank the based god though!


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


Podoba mi si film HAPPYSAD - Czarownicy pies [OFFICIAL AUDIO] w    Australia not to leave Colin behind   yes  is playing Prague again in March. buying a ticket as soon as it's on sale. I was just saying earlier today...


PF 2014
Happy new year to everyone 8^)
astn nov rok vem 8^)
(Tebo, Czech Republic)  Do not you find it difficult to sleep for schedule changes there from England to America? 


 More about of Commotion  Not based on an professional solution, but an example how wifi could change the world.


Mam nowy ulubiony film w  iOSowe porady  - Wszystkie komendy/polecenia Siri na iOS 7   niqqa u serious ini now l want to stay in church so l don tweet and social chat no more


I've collected 795 gold coins!    


Like Whyd I have to smoke all my shit in one day?? Stupid yesterday.


On Jan 24th, it will be exactly 30 years since Steve Jobs unveiled Macintosh for the first time in public.  you too! Let me know when you plan to come to London.


 Merry Christmas to you and you loved ones as well!


for the few  users at   - grab the  app here  Debuts Rebuilt Player &amp; Adds New Tools for Creators  35th Birthday Ian Somerhalder  You are my whole world!!    view from the Clock Tower in Prague!      Prask Orloj  [bovea teh mri] (1994) Roger Brooks, p:drugs c:USA poin: 13


Bloomberg News Suspends Reporter Whose Article on China Was Not Published 


Dal poveden virl od Samsungu :-)
Shoot WOW, Share NOW!  people followed me // automatically checked by  proud to be a part of  on  ! My top tracks of 2013 are almost mixdowned and sent to radio.Tune in on 24/10 at 00:00!


27  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 Masove se to resit neda, tak musi copywriteri neduverivym Cechum lepe vysvetlovat sve nabidky. I to, proc nestoji pet petek za NS. :)


        Oh...I see, who cares about the fire, this is an "unreliability" issue haha! Would be bad for Mercedes, but they'll sort it out


I favorited a  video  World of Tanks CZ - nvody, tipy a triky -  vodn tipy


 Ooh. I thought there was nothing better than C++11's __func__ :-)


Family and financial problems, suspense in German book  We're Winning Against Phishing and Spam Emails  zase ty persony. :)   o segmentaci v analytice.


Fashion Hype | Fashion &amp;amp; Beauty Blog by ... - image  by awesomeguy on   love that MUSICAL found a home at the Musiktheater Linz... Next to Opera and Ballet.   Who goes to school expecting to actually learn anything real anymore?


Pic: The Altair 8800, the microcomputer that sparked the PC revolution. Intel 8080 inside. Powerhouse Museum, Sydney  news from   theater. Can't imagine anything worse than a collapsing roof/balcony during a performance. Nightmare.


 I really like it, but I don't found  hot. He looking well, but Sherlock acting like a**hole. ;-))


 [veif syda] (1954) Arthur Young, p:solarium c:UK poin: 9


"i really have to start memorizing my lines" as i stare at my script from across the room and hiss at it 


I'm always gonna be the girl you wanna take home for your parents, not for the night. &gt;&gt;&gt; me define


Lafata opens the score after only 4 minutes of play and Sparta lead 1-0!


 [s'bb skid] (1992) Daamen J. Krall, p:titanic c:USA poin: 13


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  I know what you mean. I am going to write an outline from what I've got so far, then give that to someone, then go back.


I have Harvest cart on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


"Brief SS14 Salvatore Ferragamo", a project on  by Natxo Sanchis ::   we're not exclusive you can see other guys, chicks, anything u want, I love u no matter what ;)


Lb se mi video   The Notorious B.I.G. - "Juicy"


Jet lagged, frozen, almost no sleep within last 2 days...great conditions to impress my new employee on my first day. 


 Hi :) is it true that you like baby lions?? :* boo If you ask me they r cute 


Aliens and Herons, Czech public sculpture during Normalization, my wife and I translated the monograph  Write operation time out, its from phone? No state information in message?


In memory of Marc Allegret who was born on December 22nd, 1900 and died on November 3rd, 1973.


 done, and done Steve, LTE not available with my provider in my area anyways.


 I give you photo on FB - it's easier for me than upload somewhere 8-)


TV Beitrag: Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2013 -- Pembrokeshire Wales UK - Action Clip...  down stairs, ankle slowly swelling up. 
Our house has no elevator, we have an attic apartment. Fun.


When somebody changes your waking up times -.- gr. Yes Im looking at you 


First time in years that I'm experiencing an intermission in the cinema ... O_O


 [gikn pneuten] (1932) Marcellite Garner, p:pirate c:USA poin: 12


  hahahaha me the right man would like to thank him for my ticket also.


John Snow und Ihr so?  Which "Game Of Thrones" Character Are You? most of my childhood trying to get my parents to buy Ron Popeil's Food Dehydrator


seriously? christmas time is starting! heard [last christmas] for the first time in radio this winter... OTL  Little Gems On Dealing With Women Pt. 14 (By KevM3) | The Nerd At The Cool Table  2013 | official aftermovie:  via  


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


THX 
..for the echelon
..for great music
..for escape from reality
..for dreams
 ,  


" :  xnak aq sbb bdk cina pndai main chess kau lwn je la ngan computer level10 penat aq tunggu" Hahahaha :P


I have Household on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 Thinking outside the box is what everyone tries to do,so at the end of the day y'all niggas just inside the outerbox 


My music player just asked to access my contacts. Then it crashed. Maybe those whole social internet thing has it's limits, okay developers?


Anelka could face lengthy FA ban for offensive 'Nazi' celebration  via 


After some time of hesitation given by massive growth of  and  it is becoming clear again who has th Jawaban benar: khichdi: the movie,  18/330398 poin


: Michael Buble - Silent Night Silent night, holy night All is calm, all is bright Round yon...     No edit- For a long time now whenever I saw this picture,  a System archiect JAVA in Brno, Czech Republic  


Yesss I can. Alabama. Yesss I am-    Fall


Wars just based on hate and fear, stop fighting North and South Korea you're both basically Chinese, and he's Bruno dove of peace!!


 any chance of a wee follow for a Czech fan.of  pretty please xxx


Negative feeding practices (e.g. offer sweets as reward), promote unhealthy eating among children   


Flowchart: How not to design a "womans" tech product  What topics would you like to read about on our blog?


Also, one file totally vanished from drive, backup, Time Machine and Backblaze. Not making this up.


 I'd like to know what kind of set up you use for this


Ve stedu 27.11. v 17:00 odstartuje prodej Limitovan edice (v potu 52 kus) knihy "Superman Action comics 2:...  Chairman Calls for Transforming the Technology Used by Phone Systems 


Klaroline Is Still Alive!  There is still hope for them! RT if you believe!  Car -   - Autopjovna 

Fleet - MercedesBenz  SUV ML 350 CDI 4X4  AMG paket 
Price - 320,- /...  [hte anm rofm teh rdisne' lbcu] (1963) Critt Davis, p:computer c:USA poin: 29


Passive smoking  another of the Nanny State's big lies: Passive smoking doesn't give you lung cancer. So says...  Christmas    Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  ahh, this winner. they give a copy of megan's new album as soon as it comes out I think


Do you wanna learn  cuisine when you travel?  can offer you this   Here is mine.  not get cash so thats what you tellin me you whisper my weed is not strong when i know that you smellin me


The Science Behind Honeys Eternal Shelf Life  via 


Ive completed the mission 10 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!   actually is a ninja warrior.
It's legit now guys.



Moldova's 2013 trade volume with EU was greater than with CIS. Russian boycotts backfiring, as they did in Georgia?   Sorry for you. :( The same happened to me. I followed a fake Zac here and procrastinated at work :D


Please follow  and convince him to arrive soon.


Watching the livestream of  from     don't love me big fucking deal. i never tell you how i feel~


Have you ever been frustrated because of a hand?  liked a  video  Volcom Snowboarding Presents: Zip-Tech (patented technology)


Jason Wu Pre-Fall 2014 a jeho pokus o jednoduchost - MDLS.cz  via 


 I don't now, I don't have over 1000 followers on tumblr


Can't change my name on my phone. You are a prick 


Taking a break from the "Fallen" schedule work to go to the Jack Doyle Irish Bar in Budapest to watch Fulham FC hopefully win for a change!


Deer Hunter 2014 Gold and Cash Hack for iOS and Android:  Ropers got me weak with these gf tweets..  


 you guys have such beautiful tickets in germany... anyway IM JEALOUS


Response to a newsletter: "Haven't read it but sounds interesting. For
Tonight in bed. :)"


  ideal time and venue to see you both again would be  You really shouldn't miss this great event!


 okay! i think around 3pm like that i let you know again ah when i reaching or smth.


congrats to vettel on 8 wins in a row brazil here we come  


7 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


I liked a  video  Dr. Lawrence Krauss o pozii vesmru


NSA Was Able to Capture Live Data From Compromised iPhones in 2008, Including Live Camera, GPS, and More -  may be lured out past your regular boundaries of safety as... More for Taurus  subconscious mind may be afraid of intimacy now, even if ... More for Taurus  Prequel Episode Hints at World Travel, Secret Messages  Happy Holidays - Warmest wishes from Ralph Lauren  can say that I'm a zero, a superfreak or fucking weirdo. But I turn heads wherever I go, I'm proud to be your fucking 



90  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  suppose you could call Lily Allen's part in this a cameo in retrospect? also James Blond being all monky. ahaha


No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -St. Ambrose


check the 2nd part of Skullcandy Euro Road Trip here:...  Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


I have completed the quest 'Complete the Fairy Coll...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Upgraded phone to CM 10.2. Trail typing stopped working. Sigh. Solution is documented in the release notes. Documentation is Teh Shit.


I'm so trying to be OpenSource now by npm-ing, travis-ing and publishing everything according to the current state of the art. It's hard!


Yes! "  yes Or No kalau beli bakso sambelnya harus banyak ?"


I just liked "Jon Hopkins - Collider (Official Video)" on Vimeo:  The 1st sci-fi epos  Kingdom of a thousand ABSOLUTE  Eftos Ent.


UNDER THE TREE BUSINESS MIXER! December 5. Come to join us and network and celebrate Christmas with BCC. Register...  vikend si zaslouzil odpovidajici relax. Lehky cviceni a potom para, virivka a sauna . ( Fitness BBC)  trhy           touched his belly      Praha | Prague  Jawaban benar: goldie locks and the three bears,  32/355265 poin


" POP THAT THANG!  red sweats please marry me ok thnx


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 968


Just as I'm about to start English homework I realize I drop out tomorrow  


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Today stats: One lovely Elf followed me and No Elf unfollowed me via  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.94C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 5.38C vre esse.


 origin uspesne ignoruji a krom erroru s cloud daty ho nezaznamenam, ale je to ds. Navic je uPlay skoro identicky s originem.


 unfortunately that's become the norm. No concentration on a single thing. Distraction everywhere. I'm from Germany. Same here.


Really enjoyed being the very first guest of Jam  Drupal Camp hangout. You can watch it here   i try next week update czech translation (too long words) and for me is it ok ;)


Check out my photo of CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone!  Try it for FREE!   have Patch on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


nsleduji sv srdce a tak jsem na cest do vdska :)...I follow my heart, so Im on my way to Sweden... :)


Hello, Kitty!        - support of discovery across disciplines using 'deep collaborations &amp; data science methodologies'  


Can't wait tomorrow to drive to viennaaaaaaa!! My favourite city 


Jarosaw Hampel w Londynie, czyli ruszaj przygotowania do First International Preseason Speedway Cup...  [teh tniuamno gkin] (2000) John Sloan, p:coming-out c:USA poin: 17


Happy 'It's The First Day Where It's Cold Enough For Your Boogers To Freeze' Day everyone!


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany :)


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Xbox One: Microsoft warb mit sexistischem Youtuber "KSI"  via 


 look evenT^H the aboriginous say it makes sense. /cc 


 i'm gonna distract u with dumb and cute pics of matt if that's ok  YOU THINK I WOULD RATHER BE AT THE DOCTOR TO GIVE HIM SOME BLOOD THEN WRITING A SMALL CHEMISTRY TEST.


I have completed the quest 'Build a Household.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  what makes the man a hero? Were are his pants? The other guy wears shoes in his underwear. Why? So many unanswered questions.


 [whne het upalpesa dedi] (1990) Beverly Aadland, p:elvis c:USA poin: 22


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 51


Maly poplach v kabinete cestiny. Pulka tridy napsala "Novorocni precevzeti". 


ke 42 RT  Paling susah move on dari mantan yang ke ?


ALERT - *last day* GIVEAWAY - Heights of Desire by  via    sorry, we'll go together next time! She was awesome back then with those big hair and short skirts ;-)


Very, very, very nice article!!!...An Introduction to The Crusade  pes 


Danny Trejo Interview On 'Violet &amp; Daisy,' James Gandolfini, 'Machette Kills' | U Q&amp;A | Uinterview             Domino Tricks! (Hevesh5 &amp; Millionendollarboy):  via 


Cinta yang membuatku bertahan, walaupun kadang ada airmata :') || Hehe =D


 no, didn't know that. Not even that there's one in Maine. Only know about the ones in TX &amp; NY


 Well, I think too. But then again the admins there won't to "lose their stuff they like to do"


 Brilliant! Also, find it quite remarkable that we only lost one game in *November* and won all the rest without conceding.


(oh dear. this guy also has a studio tape of the Caves of Androzani. uh oh.)


The older I get , the more I realize what matters in life


15 vtein z   - novho filmu Christophera Nolana (Batman, Inception, Memento, The Prestige)  series? "I went to bed at 7:00 pm. (...) 7:00 pm on a Saturday night. Even people who are dying of malaria stay up later than that."


 I'll drink every alcohol in the kitchen if we do. Damn.


 okay, gonna record a whoop swoop fabulous bass solo and send you xD


 the cycle of life and death continues, we will die they will live.


Hands Like Houses - This Ain't No Place For Animals (Official Video)  out running 7.23 km with  See it here:  hey bby me and my  have been  through a lot of bad days and we need ya make your believe we love ya  &lt;3 x


To the Rescue! Emergency Fixes for the Top Ten Thanksgiving Disasters  you heard Conflict in my head by Matj Kovaek on   Thanks for retweeting my photo of Lysice Chateau. It is a magical place!


Tried to kiss a vegetarian after having eaten bacon. It's kinda hilarious.


Acabei de publicar uma foto  Malostransk mosteck ve | Lesser Town Bridge Towers  reserves drew 2-2 (1-0) with Vlaim in the first friendly of the winter practice. Goals scored by Neas and Miskovi.


The  NHL Alumni Charity Tournament coming up next week on  We need one if those in Qubec   tree. First snow  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  "  lmao sub who? I barely even talk to people" bet." Lmao


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  I am expressing myself and singing and my family gets mad at me.


8 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  your  potential: Preview Session. Try our  for free on 16th Dec Register and learn more:  it's probably because I'm not really eating properly or I don't know what else could it be :( But thank you I hope so too :(


McDonald's for breakfast and getting parts for my blue beauty .. This day is on point


 eu incluo the originals em tvd dklsksks eu assitia the carrie diares, mas ficou muita srie pra assistir e acabei parando


plus I need to get some shelf so I'd have somewhere to put my cd's yay


  Well, yes and no. Strictly speaking, God doesn't "need" evangelism. He could just convince people of the good news.


My Top 3  Artists: Slayer (12), Tool (9) &amp; Serj Tankian (7)  Marching Band Pays Epic Tribute to Nintendo  Fujifilm FinePix HS25EXR Digitalkamera (16 Megapixel, 30-fach opt.  7,6 cm (3 Zoll) Display,...  [dogo yad a..l] (1993) Dagny Hultgreen c:USA poin: 13


 I don't think so :) At least not for the first 5 years after :))


i think my sidebar pic is not big enough if you're viewing my blog on a bigger screen but oh well


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


  thanks ladies!!! It's been a great one and I made a special FnF wish :)


HA! Brilliant! *prints* RT  The SSC has some practical advice expertly written by the Inspector.  tree and about 75 christmas lights in total, i don't even need to switch my normal ones on... my room looks like a christmas warehouse


MalkaviaM &amp; Somarobotics - Hells Birds:  prostednictvm 


I wanted to google my friend but i accidentally googled some pornstar


 er war ein toller Schauspieler,es ist echt traurig. If one day the speed kills me, do not cry because I was smiling - Paul Walker


Webnode mobile designs. Choose the perfect look for your website.   page for documentary film about Radio Caroline (release expected in 2014) -  may make men likelier to get the flu, study finds  via 


Video: Fredo Santana - Trap Boy / TrapHouse   via 


Wall Street verej zvr: S&amp;P500 -0,3%, DJIA -0,3%, Nasdaq -0,2%.


Assisti a "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Amends" s3ep10  


When we had nothing... We actually had it all...  


   evening bb. im at work but its relatively quiet here :-)


Idgaf what the rest of the world doing as long as I can look myself in the mirror and be proud of what I see


Photo gallery of bizarre graves of Russian mafia thugs. On display now at London's Saatchi Gallery:  coaster, roller coaster, spinning all around and around for a world baby


       these tattoos...amazing *-* i love you,Michael


All that "Ellie &amp; Niall at V fest" thing is crap. Jeremy was there with her.


  They can wipe there ass with it, it doesn't deserve to stand 1 minute in line for it


  Like some mystical shit? Everything is overused :-)


Passau has been my favorite city thus far. Germany &gt; USA


Got all the fruits and veggies and sadly  couldn't pick up my juicer today. Until tomorrow juice.


 [dre etertl] (2008) Tomislav Stojanovic, p:assassin c:UK poin: 10


You intuitively know what others want today, which may help yo... More for Scorpio  i don't want a slave, but you can work where i work, it's pretty easy~


I need more friends who are down for seeing plays/museums/art shows/used book shopping 


I don't like to say I told you so RSA, but hey, I TOLD YOU!!!!! Nyika, I'm Sangomic!!! Long Live King 


an interesting strategy which is in many of our schools BYOD are we ready for   faculty, staff and administrators?  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  of Nelson Mandela: 1918-2013 - Interactive Feature -  hello, my love, how are you today? ;) follow me, please :** x7


Yeah, after nothing for a while, I've made a couple of blog posts.


Gulnara Karimova speaks out over infighting in Uzbekistan's first family  via 


EU-approved 'safe' air pollution levels causing early deaths - study
 Also, fm what I understood (may be wrong), he was standing on the ledge of bridge. Taser might have made him fall onto road.


Maybe if I could shoot zombies, the infected, and people I would smile; however, I can't. So no, I shall not smile. I'd rather pout and cry.


 [ehpnleta] (1989) Tim Loane, p:murder c:UK poin: 8


Job: Development Manager - Team of 7 - Java technologies in Prague, Czech Republic  


   Yeah, I haven't missed it since he has blocked me.


    i just diedd..this is too much..hahaha..lolified


           nao ta me reconhesendo rayane The Walking Dead  


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Time to get out of the house into the cold    Id prolly kill myself if I was still n hs" yea at least here


Kurt Cheats on Fianc Blaine with Adam Lamberts Starchild?!  The Evidence  I wouldn't get him anyways sigh. I MEAN WTF LOOK AT PERRIE SHE'S GORG


Lesenswert: Here's why 2014 will be the year of the 'Internet of things' : VentureBeat : Big Data : by Jordan Novet  YES please! But a follow would be enough for me too lol xxx RT " Wanna kiss?    ruiotgn rnerotnh aldgenn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: touring northern england


 [ndsteaiit] (2009) Otig Pakis, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 9


 I'm just about to turn it on. Should I just wait for game 2?


 "document.styleSheets[0].addRule is not a function" in all my browsers. But I like the idea. ;-)


Even worse image, had to take it in a rush as this guy rushed by wearing an iconic 4th Doctor-scarf.  My son just casually looked at me and drew a Picasso on my kitchen wall" lmao Fade on sight


Si pi. RT  Mobiln Assassin's Creed se podle Pavla Dobrovskho povedl:  Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
  !!!!!!HEYYY GUYSSS IF YOU SEE THIS TWEET,PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!I'M VERY SAD CAUSE YOU DON'T FOLLOW ME:(( FOLLOW


Frank Sinatra's Duets Celebrates 20 Years: Frank Sinatra Jr. Reveals His Father's 'Most...  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I googled "Weird Fluttershy", was not disappointed  I'm sure they have. But at the time they needed physical access to devices to install the backdoor. That's possibly still true.


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


 lseiw &amp; :aklrc etrag rnejoyu stew tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: lewis &amp; clark: great journey west


Biram Dah Abeid of  one of the leading human rights defenders in West Africa, won  Human Rights Prize    Melih bu yalaklarinin alayi sana cekmis, iq hep yerlerde ya ne olacak?


did they say anything about the anniv tour i'm so behind on muse stuff lol


  yup, definitely!! Nearly peeing myself laughing here!!


 I usually ignore RT. most of their rating's complete BS. :)


"Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven, says Jesus
in the Lords Prayer. But why must we do the will...  30 hours a week would make us healthier, happier and make us more efficient: via   stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  UK professor pushes for technology-assisted    


Aww, soooo cute morning hair!!! RT " Morning Kian ;)    [lla ewtar ash a rceepft roymme] (2001), p:bilingual c:USA poin: 30


   Even that is not only men's self-insulting, it is also irrational and failure-justification !!!


Lb se mi video   Ida Corr vs Fedde Le Grand Let Me Think About It (Extended)


I liked a  video from   OVEN RADIO() : EXO()_episode2. Christmas


Saturday afternoon with Joe Hill's 20th Century Ghosts. He's good      This network cable fucks every standard... Weird shaped connector, black color, ... What the...


 "I'm not arguing. I'm simply explaining why I'm right"


The only creepy part is the daughters look. Like she really wants it to happen.   gonna change!

a dream! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
----------------------------------
  Definitely. But then there's this, by my pal     Can't wait until Ruzyn has a Shake Shack.


 thats great bb. im sorry im not talkative more. just tired these days. probably going to sleep soon


kicker training with Marc at Vans Penken Park

rider: 
location: Mayrhofen / Austria...  ME PASSA O LINK DO TTDECK AGORAAA The Walking Dead  


HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL OF YOU!!! To many perfect moments in the mountains!!!! 
Sandra Lahnsteiner in Haines...  OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/PL-055 (dr, 629m, 4pt) 10.116 cw: *CQ CQ at 25 wpm. S/N=8 dB at S50ARX {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 [.u.s m:lsahras wcao &amp; hanhertri] (1987) Duncan Gamble c:USA poin: 31


 I would like to know your opinion,dear James... OE5RTP/P (Peter) on OE/OO-126 (Hollerberg, 675m, 2pt) 24.950 ssb [CT7AEZ]


I sorang je ada title Jelitawan Negara tu ok. " jelitawan negara         he's all I want in my life :')


Study: Women Love Social Media More Than Men (Unless It's LinkedIn)  via 


Well.. I'm ill and next week I have to sing 5 times in the school choir bc of the musical.


 wait u have a physical copy of the newton abbot demo?!


  yeah and I'm almost never cold my genes are perfect what can I do ok not that perfect ACNE I'M TALKING TO U


Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould (1993) - "Infinity and Eternity seem to take a liking  via  


 who'd want to sit down when that's Infinite in front of them right xD


I am who I am. I like what I like. I love who I love. I do what I want. Get the fuck off my back and deal with it. It's my life, not yours


  Yup. But PonySFM will still launch. Also, werent we able to do that before too?


 [indetu 39] (2006) Tom Fitzgerald, p:flight c:USA poin: 9


Unlimited mussels       Les Moules   condition in Prague, Czech Republic: mostly cloudy (cloud coverage: 7/8)  


Hanging Tough with New Versions of Digital ABS Material  


 BTW, my second thing I did in 2014 was cleaner than my  I turned on the computer. What else? :D


Alittle late to the arty, but still... Happy new year, everybody! I wish you all an awesome 2014! :)


Exercise for Corel Draw - Logo Invalid:  prostednictvm 


 I don't really know what's she's doing but I just started usin it and am addicted 


 [t'snead efinron: an teamdani ciep] (2010) Stephen Apostolina, p:anime c:USA poin: 33


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           409


 Jawaban benar: too much sleep,  14/329391 poin


it's been sitting here for ages, coz I know it's a cult classic in the Britlands but I was never in the right mood.


Common sense asthma management    


Yaaay i will make it home before 1d day starts i'm happy


 ur not allowed to be busy youre my only friend 


Shit i just came up with more stuff that's gona happen


 Jawaban benar: halley's comet,  14/327538 poin  1/366523 poin


 Don't forget to play  NEW single "Adore You"!!


bf wants me to look like this again. I wouldn't mind either, I just don't see any way except  lipo :/  Builds a Community of 3.4 Million Fans With Socialbakers. Check it out on   via 


I'd like to make a movie for our lyceum to the new year :3


can't wait to start  certification program w/  to finally discover  :-)   tu slibovan vrka novch kapel!!! The Offenders, Koffin Kats a Death Before Dishonor na MS 2014!  


 dcoteotrags idres gihh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: scattergood rides high


 [teh wrok fo cdoietrr ihrcs ahumincgnn] (2003) Stephen Ball c:USA poin: 37


That feeling you get when you are in the supermarket or the mall or wherever and they suddenly play a Taylor Swift song


 I am following  for chance to win in  


 we discovered it in one shop on Christmas market :)


Mam nowy ulubiony film w  Dubai fireworks 2014: Burj Khalifa, Dubai (Full Show HD)   prague          Jungmannovo nmst  Did you get on the bus or did you have to walk or teleport or something?


Sunar Complex za 199 K a pkrmy Sunrek za 9.90 K!
  I'm only 26 but I somehow wanna adopt  &amp; his family. I'll be their grandma or whatever. they're precious.


Great review for  - 'nice ambience, good wines, but before christmas it was very ...' -  Haha, I'm playing the Quake Live from time to time, its awesome


" Muslim girls and muslim boys are so beautiful and sexy. It's just not fair. Life; not them. They're always fair." :')


" She accept me for me  ... You my astronaut chick and that's the only thang that matter to me" she was made for me!


Zajmalo by m, jak dlouho to vymleli...  "Sherlock Holmes: 10 other ways he could have survived the fall"  believes something. If you don't believe in religious theses, but the counter theses, you just believe someone else is right.


Don't be mistaken: Googles recent acquisition will eventually bring  to  giving birth to brand is there a way that we should comment eg `dress rakakugar" and with all thepple walking around in town u wl always look


Behave yourself, dog, or you will be shot!    Klub Lvka  says the girl with "Roll Tide all the way" in her bio. 


 said her booty from the motherland
She started wobblin' and...  Mob - Trillmatic (Explicit) ft. A$AP Nast, Method Man:  pes 


 wish you a wonderful birthday. Hope, you can enjoy it with your lovely family


 I know right, not these fake ass bitches with lazy eye calling themselves Asian :')


 Aaaw :D jo no, byl tam nadmiru cute :D ale nebyl sam, Sam se taky ukazal :D


     aww ull colapse on ur bed and ull be dead :-))))) busy girl


 for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  w


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  e


Everyone report  and FOLLOW  and I will follow everyone that does with proof!  


 thank you so much gorgeous, I love and miss you bunches 


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Byly mi nabdnuty aktualizace aplikac  a  pro  


  just answered me on ask &amp; thanks me for my likes on his ask (he is the REALL, I PROMISE!!!!)   IT! Your Monthly Dancehall Party (PRAGUE):  via 


We conserve water around here    Die Roy Haus Kitchen  12 hodin probhne v "Apartm" room workshop s Janou Moravcovou.


 Trees under which they sat, rustled leaves on afternoons while   Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Hoping Santa will give you a personality this year?


Elle Editor Dons Blackface: Deroo Wears Solange 'Costume' And Faces Backlash  a inspiring 120 seconds video about    hope that today's management test was my last one...really don't want to see this ridiculous subject ever again :DD 


 The 33 whitest jobs in America  end of my dream to be a private detective some day!


REED, Lou: Havran: Cyklus pisnovych textu prosluleho americkeho rockoveho hudebnika, vybaveny bohatym ilustracnim...  ... but you will agree with me : the non-smoking-areas are lonely and boring


 [het htilgf of eht sresaomg cdnoor] (1978) Bryan Allen, p:invention c:USA poin: 33


"The best time are always the sweatiest" -    from Sweaty Meg


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 12 others  in: I have no unfollowers and 1 new follower in the past day. Breaking news via  stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  23 Nov 2013, let us all send Kelly Brook the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


Just completed a 8.99 km skate - Dnes poprv v Lunkch.  


RIP Google Reader and Winamp: 10 Tech Products We Lost in 2013  at AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station (Praha) w/ 5 others  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.81C, Marc 21.06C ac foris -2.13C vre esse.


XMAS-Special: helt-pro Skibrille und Shirts stark reduziert:  wait for bayern munich vs manchester city in ucl !  


"New Year's Day Brunch" by MrsStyleSeeker       the type of person that will call your name a million times if you try to ignore me .


AMAZING! Best touchdown you have ever seen - video -  


 [hte oybs xnet rdoo] (1985) Tequila Mockingbird, p:violence c:USA poin: 18


Startling fact: Did u know that if you watch an  game at "the shoe" it's actually in black and white? Weird, i know.


Sete tapas na cara das pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


I wouldn't call myself a slob eater but...just found a cranberry in my bra.


My fingers are fat and I keep accidentally favoriting things when I try to reply or stalk some profiles xD


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 for 2013 is complete! click to read and listen   


 I put so much effort in the whole site to make it easy on the eye and for the user, and then this...


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           490


I just reached level 6 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


Now that December has arrived, I have a valid reason to shop till I drop.LOL


 [elaker - bnofdeird eisln] (2004) Sunil Shetty, p:college c:India poin: 24


Audiomorph Night
 Deephouse mit den DJs Carsten Siegel (Audiomorph, Berlin) und Aurum


Football Weekly Extra: Luis Surez leads the Premier League goal glut | Football |  &gt;&gt;  festivals in the uk next year hm i guess thats good


(anti)aging premiers tonight, so if you don't have your ticket already what are you waiting for?


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.19C, Marc 22.0C ac foris 4.13C vre esse.


      Thank you guys for this live tweeting! :) 


 I hope you take lots of photos and enjoy it as much as you can! *hugs*


 shh here watch matt running up and down the catwalk w his guitar  Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


One of considered founders of techno -  is coming to Prague tomorrow:   Powered by 


 good morning..i wish you a great weekend..and good luck..wow beautiful pic;-);-)  on the way to your hose now to find out what happened to you!!!


The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014:  via 


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


dreaming about n open source meta social/news/long reader layered so that with plugins it can bring all walled gardens etc into my own place


Next scheduled maintenance: 1 January 2014  at 1 PM GMT  [ri!!fe] (1926) Patsy O'Byrne, p:fire-hose c:USA poin: 6


     Yeah I know. I take a holiday for next week to make something to school


Wait what  facebook  theres a Call button next to the Message Button on Desktop profiles:  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 830


Estou com preguia de digita  The Walking Dead  


 totally! And yes, it's a very lovely lil place. Will have to come back to Prague soon in order to pull a guest shift. 8)


37  Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


The Sound of Knowledge. Zaposlouchejte se do zmn na Wikipedii.  Being an absolute lazybum, I hate nearly all household chores but the thing I hate the most is doing the dishes. UNGH!


14  Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


Special Offer Air Taxi !
Piper Saratoga
Prague Airport - Karlovy Vary - Prague Airport  
Price : 72 000,-CZK +...  Please check also our christmassy free app for toddlers Meet Mr.Fox! Thank you! ;)  you have been keeping busy by doing favors for everyone els... More for Taurus  hahah! Well it is I mean it's absolutely massive!!


with my best friend.. we go to Vclavsk nmst :3 shoping ! :D


Harrison won't go down and the bengals won't let him up..... Our defense is all that we have going for us


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  want to win a brand new pair of  MOMENTUM headphones courtesy of   pes 


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  EXCURSIONS  LP  same 1968  Third eye


 thanks a lot.. I really like their Smartlav microphone, maybe that could be a winner


Miley Cyrus covers Summertime Sadness in the Live Lounge:  via 


Lb se mi video   Jazz Classics: Ornette Coleman - Lonely Woman


I want to drink an metaphysical milkshake with Rain Wilson


 I really didn't want to have to get up in the morningthere's no school


News: FIST OF CHANGE - Video zum Song Pursuit Of Happiness online :  como visto Awkward - 3x20 - Who I Want to Be    


nvm folks i might be too tired and sad to leave my room. sorry i might just listen to iggy pop until i fall asleep


Just joined  on  - now 1/2 of our song sales are donated to   animated version of Hemingway's "Old Man And The Sea" by Russian father/son artists:  Harrys Bear Chase je proste jeden z top songu ever!  I want my life to be like the people in fast and furious SO bad I wanna go fast 


Europe's 20 most beautiful cities: Vote for the fairest!  via 


Ohh yess my CD Shop already sent the  Deluxe CD  to me! hope I'll get it 2morrow &lt;3


Maxim hot 100 lost all credibility when they named Miley Cyrus hottest woman last time.



Its still freaking cold here....annd its like -1C here...


Hnedka mm vic sil ( 360 Lounge Bar for Party Freshlabels Store Praha &gt; Objeven w/  [pic]:  ain't I lucky, was going to be a good year, but with  in ma life a pretty awesome year ahead. Thanks for being my blessing


The Six Sickest Pocket Tees Every Bro Needs to Grab on Cyber Monday at 20% Off  wrong with my  tests. Running over an hour?! jvisualvm to the rescue...


 definitely going to try brotha. Professional devo funds are limited but might make the drive anyway. Whats good with you?


 Ao dawg, nnyaa, its weird how that was the furthest thing from my mind when I was typing


ALL BLACK //         Dobichov  am not telling you it's gonna be easy, I am telling you it is going to be worth it!!!


 yah 6 missing sets. idk maybe she write 7 look like 1 or smth :| cant be pack others in another box right. ~_~


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  screening and discussion on North Africa and Middle East organized by People in Need &amp; FSS CU in  Dec 11  Actually they are not that good to be worth cleaning :(


 yep yep, it's kinda funny...like friends of my friends are also my friends x"D


How can I sleep when something like this happened . Haihhh .. nak balik subang :'(


The fact everyone around me has been informing from the early morning it was snow outside made me stay in my bed much longer today.


Mouth-Watering Twitter Cake is Good Enough to Tweet  I actually not sit in the front row while Bennett talks to us about sex?


&amp; my last bootlace just broke God damn I am frustrated.


Calls to/from china have the worst reception eva mxm isn they taking erthang least they cud giv us good signal


I try to get you out of my head but the truth is I got lost without you


 sounds spurious He was hounded the whole trip by the secret police.  Perhaps he was messing with their minds 


I've harvested 150 of food!    


On page 125 of 310 of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, by J.K. Rowling  love how Jimmy always looking anywhere else just not for the camera   RT  Fact  Ikhlas dengan apapun yang menjadi masalah dan tanggungannya, percaya bahwa Tuhan mengawasiNYA


Photo from yesterday's interview at Jingle Ball!  out this SaaS metrics dashboard by   of you have been hoping to improve your social life and today...More  LOVE Scope here    for   engineers         :)


 scores $15 bln from Russia, 33% gas discount
 memory of Helmut Griem who was born on April 6th, 1932 and died on November 19th, 2004.


&gt;&gt;&gt;Tomorrow, Dec. 12  1:00pm join us for the event "Coffee with a Diplomat- Christmas"  exactly bb, only if you focus on yourself, you can get what you want. It's sad and it certainly doesn't mean we shouldn't help


 looking more like the polished article we expect


Chytr lockscreen Cover: aplikace pod palcem  mobilmania.cz


  greetings from czech rep. I am a bigfan. Was jfl really assasinated by more then 1 shooter?


I favorited a  video  Build a Solar USB Charger!


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Lau got her letter, i hope the others arrive soon too


Ketoro jomblooo =))  Tutupen botolmu tutupen oplosanmu Emanen nyawamu ojo mbok terus-teruske mergane ora ono gunane ~(~)


listen to my new promo for Crank Events this saturday   MTW Club ;)...  I just don't like my step dad lol, we always fight


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  y


Wait does 'Get a boyfriend.' Count as a New Years Resolution. I don't know, but yeah that too.


 Allow me to add a plural-s to my previous hashtag:  (the therapists, of course)


 [.r.h ustunffp] (1969) Joy Campbell, p:flute c:USA poin: 13


Partytipp: 22.11.2013 Follow The White Rabbit... HIBOU  Mackay is a brilliant manager, if they sack him, he will get a new job in a few days.


Hot stuff: Karel Schwarzenberg (76) enjoys a phall at Curry Palace with his 24-year-old mistress  are sending out that magnetic signal that is drawing the parallel back to you."

 Joe Vitale


OK, who is thinking of me??????? im hiccupping like crazy whole evening lol


 will reach 10.000 views tomorrow! I'm quite a bit excited :3


  yes you can contact me on jakubsumansky( but i cant response because you dont follow me.


 Not sure pa nak. We're still planning. I don't know which one to use gani. I might end up having a space shuttle. LOL! HAHAHA!


We have laughed and given it out enough during our spells of success..We need to take this season on the chin and support the manager &amp; team


 [rzanoia xreessp] (1924) Harold Goodwin, p:melodrama c:USA poin: 15


Hospitality Prague tonight    oushh oushhh oushhh


You are quite serious today and may have a perfect opportunity... More for Gemini  Good interview with the chancellor but not long enough. It would have been interesting to get even more out of him.


Happy New Year from Prague!     tagsforlikes        priest looking at a Santa just outside the church s door: "Oh seems that we have some competition going on here." 


The Rob Ford and Chris Farley Mashup the Internet Needed  nota 9 ao episdio 5x11 - The Drawing of the Dark   de Merlin  


 enjoy all the time with  your family, the most important


I'm addicted to checking  :) What goes on inside people's heads?  of Entertainment: 2013's Best Song, Movie, Show, Game and More  lol idek i just got mad at friend's interpretation need to watch it too


 Nah, you looked quite all right (no, I'm not coming on to you, it's just an honest observation) :)


"I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart" Muse - Undisclosed Desires:  via 


"There's not a thing that I regret because I can't live my life in yesterday" -A Day To Remember    


 wait, that sounds like zim time,hmm,interesting


 Yeah, bitch! ;* Larry Is Better Than Elounor! :3 x22


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  ROY BUCHANAN  LP  Live  1978  When a guitar plays the blues


Yay! RT  Finished editing SKIN GAME! It is fantastic, you are going to love it.


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


  I dont believe but still it sounds interesting. :)


I just liked "Flight Facilities - Foreign Language (feat. Jess) [Official Video]" on Vimeo:  Winter white strappy stilettos with tiny little shiny stones! Precious look!  Joos: Ego does not make the product better.  via 


Beantwortet: I need to get cash critically  to what degree will it take for me to organise a Log boo...   agreed. we use it for  CI. they have  in the team.


WO2013186282A2 Method And Device For Managing An Energy Generation Unit     Castle today with an old filter application.  is just like Sehun.. he's even worse than Sehun 


netaudionews: Skaj Da Waidah - The Most Epic Chillout Album Ever!    


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


I'm starving and I've got a headache to prove it  (what)


 Jawaban benar: farm of tomorrow,  16/335228 poin


 Same here too. Sadly that gamepad still does not reach the toilet x'D


 today maybe if I listen to SHINee's version more there might be a chance that I'll like it more ^^


 BARU TOLD ME ABOUT THE PIC LAST NIGHT BUT THIS IS ACTUALLY THE FIRS TIME I SEE IT IM SO DONE


 Jawaban benar: fair game,  9/3008 poin  1/53692 poin


Hal apa yang membuatmu kecanduan?  Lagunya justin yaampun maygat:$  onde estiver sao os guerreiros wasabi com voce The Walking Dead  


 Jawaban benar: dr. simon locke,  15/357372 poin


Even though I hit my head against a railing trying to get out of the damn room.


 part of me wants to throw everything else away and try and be the salvation! :D


 *LOL* Yeah, you wouldn't want a psychopathic German on Twitter (or anywhere else) ... :&gt;


Lb se mi video   modern talking don't let it get you down


Rest in peace Grandpa, wish more than anything I could've been there to say goodbye, but you're in my heart. Love you always 


EGO ft. Robert Burian - ijeme len raz (Just Try acoustic cover):  via 


Sleepy             uybgald agublyd tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: ladybug ladybug


99 days till You Me At Six. I'm gonna cry my fucking eyes out.


Found a heart shaped vinyl record on the floor after show.


There's a group of certain people who you will always care about.


Super slim price flash sale!  Only 7 days!
The Greatest Hits Collection!  $9.99 up!
Comment under the product,...  don't need excuses,we love you!Part.1    for gr8 new how-to manuals in arabic.Usefull here in  &amp;     man ... RT  And heres the video of Michael Bay just quitting the Samsung event. Eek.  [a,fre yaxitne &amp; ospdeersin] (1989) Stanley Tucci, p:goofball c:USA poin: 26


Nereferenn R9 290/290X PCS+ od PowerColoru  takty a chladie odhaleny  Lol if you'd a least sometimes watch a Chelsea match, stats mean shit. Mou treats Mata badly.


Newport Beach  International Conference 250+ Pilates teachers learned to refine Pilates workouts  soooo how was it?? I want to know all about Your new year!


   nonsense, you are cute too :3 *nuzzles all*


 Aint no was aha. You probably still will be that guy until you cuff


  beeing happy and laugh and jump in the air and scream and freaking out &lt;3


  *grins and pets* of course, something else ^.^


Happy Holidays from Around the Rings! Worth a click below...  via 


Ukip's repellent Syria posturing shows Nigel Farage will say anything for attention: Why did the Ukip chicken ...  Check Brewsta's Burgers 2013 - an annual Prague burgers ranking list!  Guess who's the winner? ;)


Corinthia
            pretty great Rebecca Minkoff sales are here!   arrow keys to move , ctrl to shoot, enter for knife, space to climb a tree.


Partnerprogramm: MyPrinting - Tasse  (Lead 4036) - 3,00 EUR / Lead  are 10yo kids taking drugs, drinking, smoking and having sex. And there's me crying over  Stylist Magazine interview.


 i need more observations on that hidden one. LOL


That moment when you make a tea but completely forget about it


Lb se mi video   Johnny Cash_Bridge Over Troubled Water


My ninja mastered the Hand Stand in  for iPhone! Try it for FREE!  stats: 8 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 6 people via  then there's what to do in terms of where to live when 18


 lauren favoritou tweets falando mal de brasileiros, vc pode ir l ver


      I hope so too.. :) it will be great :)


bytheway The CYNETART Telegram(m) 1 for quick info is out now  nice spot for  Im all set now, with cables and stuff. Now the box just needs to arrive.  posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "ter: GUESS, a -70%"  love dundee! "One Day in Dundee" - UK City of Culture 2017 Bid Video" on Vimeo  


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Merry Christmas girls! 
 
 
 
Stay pretty! 


what a 4d person. clap hands also can from right clapping on left, rotate to left clapping on right. WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU


Super stoked to win  last night!         Corporate Affiliations Business Information Database for Competitive Intelligence -   Darkness cannot put out the Light.  It can only make God brighter."


   l have just got back from the party. I was the last man standing.  What a night :)


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 25 others  Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Listening to No Quarter by Led Zeppelin    (va 


 wtf!!! Mandy Rusnock!HAHAHHAHAHAHAH cousin I was legal last year ahhahahha


Dianti Daily hari ini buka yaaa! Menu yang available ada ayam lengket, lidah saus keju dan deep fried dory fish   jenniferplaysdoctor: All I see when I look at this is Peter Capaldi. All of their faces morph into...  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.94C, Marc 21.0C ac foris 6.13C vre esse.


Stoke City should be sponsored by an airline as the average height of one of their passes is around 38,000 feet.....


"Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work." - Peter Drucker.


 na dneek: Manic Street Preachers- Slash N' Burn (Glastonbury 94):  pes 


tasting goat milk chocolate for the first time. I don't hate it. :)


 Enough. As far as I remember he told his wife &amp; she told someone else. Happens to the best of us. Plus there's the eternal shame


can't wait to be off to Maryland for thanksgiving w  


 [a ngu th'gfini geenalnmt] (1919) Harry Carey, p:police c:USA poin: 24


 [kmar of hte slah] (1948) Ray Jones, p:murder c:USA poin: 16


Always have your stuff when you need it with  Sign up for free!  fun?
Starting to.
Maybe don't do the smiling. Kidnapped children?


 Jawaban benar: my gym partner's a monkey,  25/8253 poin


  able to watch adam live, have to get up 9am ish, go to bank for money and cook lunch and bake. pheeew :-)))


 i love the moment 2 days after the concert when you watch the Videos on YouTube from people who were there to.


Alot of bitches got caught off for a mf that can't ride or out thru the hard times fuck was I thinking


If you can't find any  within the next 48 hours, this may be why:  


 West Brom sack head coach Steve Clarke - more on  ogorobe *spits out shakki*


I'm at Karlv most | Charles Bridge (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 2 others [pic]:  [nb'risa ngso] (1971) Jim Boeke, p:roommate c:USA poin: 12


 Jawaban benar: ponce de leon,  13/321932 poin


The girls .          But FOX saving the money...right.Journey for a fan out of USA would be very expensive.


  Thank you!! I was curious about that as well. :)


Breaking: First $100 billion startup ever after bold vc investment.  Tribute to Paul Walker I can't believe that I never see him again...  to all the Gamers, never buy consoles at launch...there's always problems with them lol   That's common sense!!!!


Today stats: 7 followers, No unfollowers and followed 11 people via  Of course. Prepping the script now. Guests will be  &amp; 


I liked a  video  BADASS CLEMENTINE! - The Walking Dead: Season 2 - Part 3 - Gameplay / Walkthrough


A new favorite: Psyko Soldier (Toneshifterz Remix Radio Edit) by   on 


US troops staying in Afghanistan after 2014 to get local justice immunity - draft pact
  "The Worf of Wall Street"?

Or maybe "The Bad Wolf of Wall Street" instead?


3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Oh that explains a lot, not everything but a lot :D


Lb se mi video   Just A Gent &amp; Kasbo - Sovereign (Feat. Jon)


 nice one we should get together for a drink if you can!


Can I just skip class and stay in my room with my green tea and just watch this  But why? This colour's beautiful (as long as you're 20 years old).


I finished the "Decorated Tree" task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


Xmas! Who needs dribbble invite?   


Frozen nature              I've finished reading Orwell's "Hommage to Catalonia" just yesterday, so I am quite moved by this photo.


Was out mountain biking 27.88 km with  See it here:  others those 8 years of being bullied (or even more, I haven't counted them fully) may doesn't mean anything but they changed my life.


 normally around 55 or something and after they were in sale and after the sale they were 26 or something and there was just one


Handmade Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


We think so too :-) " This  voice on the  app is hilarious."


 i-i can't do it, there are still cheerios left ;;


 needs to create feed favoring quality content |   for 2014 (Based on 2013 Moments)  I have a feeling I'll miss it back in Czech, after the 2d month of below freezing temperatures. That's my hunch.


Have you seen  Let's talk about it on   No, a kitten will become good mates with it.


"quiet please, I'm threatening" - Count Vertigo, Arrow


 nope, sick :-( still coughing my voice is still at croaking level and working on 2nd so have to stay in :-( slept majority of


Any chick can give sex but a real good chill time is hard to come by


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.19C, Marc 20.38C ac foris 6.94C vre esse.


Happy Holidays people, whether you celebrated already, or will be celebrating in the near future, also, Happy New Year!


 omg idk anything abt it??? Need to ask jw,he's so eager to teach me anyway lol :3 but yeah altho my pronounciation is shitty i can?


30 jumping jacks, 20 jump squats, 10 push-ups. REPEAT for 10 min.


  Intentional killing of Civilians is actually  strengthening Militants.


 so are you though ;; I'm glad we became friends yay ^^


 [acmgi ni eth awter] (1995) Mark Harmon, p:mythology c:USA poin: 18


Sometime when I don't know what to do, I listen to  and the answer will come in somehow!!


My best Irelia game ever..o.O How did that happen? Creepy.


No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive


 aw yes, same same...just lately i don't even read....i rly miss it tho, so guess it's time to get back to it :')


Im still trying to fathom out whether Vrba made the right decision taking the CZE national job.


Lb se mi video   The Hangover Part III Soundtrack - Mr. Chow - Hurt


Asda to expand 3D printing service to 50 stores in January  


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Pop Danthology 2012 - Mashup of 50+ Pop Songs


 i just started swelling today though, which is weird considering the surgery was Wednesday but whatev


Addiction Inbox: What Mark Kleiman Wants You To Know About Drugs  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


I'm at AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station (Praha)  have completed the quest 'Upgrade the Main B...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Jinak tenhle rok u m stejn vyhrly hlavn serily. Newsroom 2. srie EPIC, House of Cards, Hannibal, Almost Human, Mob City a Ray Donovan.


  true, either way it's gonna get spent buying games and controllers


minimal's not dead... John Pawson, Moritzkirche
  daily followers. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via  &gt;&gt; to company shut-down within two years. 
Biggest learning: build trusted networks outside your living/working place to &gt;&gt;


 and everything T.T Hopefully my shyness will leave me soon ^ ^"


 not if you are the one that has to deal with those clues


  trust the phone to write prosim as prison smh


The Masters tell you - in advance - what they were going to do to you. Then they wait - they wait for you to say "no." You never said "no."


24  So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


parents if she told anyone about their frequent sexual liaisons in hotels, headquarters and war zones.

 (4/4)


Ten buzzfeed ma zabija. 
" 26 things people with curly hair are TIRED of hearing"


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 112


Photo: I dont know what took me so long to try thing!! Its amazing!    most everybody looked the same... boring bluf... saw about 10-20 really interesting guys


Take your time.Not having enough time for condom application may result in breakage, slippage andseveral outcomes related to sexual pleasure


The worst thing ever is when people expect to just get things handed to them on a silver platter, without working for it at all. 


Niggas I've never known to cash a damn check, let alone clock in, be having all the releases.


My Top 3  Artists: CHVRCHES (15), Blackbird Blackbird (10) &amp; The Kills (9)  harvested 280 of food!    


I don't get it. You don't like depressive stuff in timeline but when I regretted my actions I got 3 followers... you're weird...


 If you time it right (like we did), you could have your postpartum depression together!


Marshall day... Jtm45 and 2061x like a backup...    to pay employees in an Agile organization - presents  at  in Brno       "Counting Stars" by   hopefully that locha lafangi should be out bfore da final


 getting decked in the slot makes it sound like he got hit in a not so nice area


Lets Talk Turkey: with American Thanksgiving Fast Approaching,...  brooch metal fashioned brooch handmade jewelry by MagicSky  via 


Taller monogrfico para aprender a hacer esta preciosa Gallina Country en    OCD guy about his love.
 i want you back so bad, i even leave the door unlocked and lights on. lights on. lights on.


 :nsoriream pcojert ..r.wma.s. tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: armorines: project s.w.a.r.m.


double awkward taco i'm in a skype call with hi right now as i'm tweeting about him


A little bit different trailer of brand new movie Gravity:   


but y'all gonna milk the hell out of anything obviously


If you don't fuck with me stay from round me, I'd respect you more if you let it be known then fakin like we straight


Sbohem slone na trn. Sova sed doma.        is           wish i was that person everyone would like to talk to my mentions are dead and i couldn't be any more bored ;^;


Can't say when i was so  to see my suitcase  for that 48h. Bike is still missing    Just downloaded "Oliver Heldens - Gecko (Dropwizz " by   -  (via 


Galatasaray 1 Juventus 0: Wesley Sneijder strikes to seal victory  via 


 Happy Birthday to you Wishing you plenty of luck,laughter &amp; health 4 the new year of ur life.;-) Tc   has quickly become one of my favourite YouTubers. I've got such respect for you, Dan. *hugs*


Today stats: 2 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed 4 people via   found 2 good looking files. 1,40GB and 990MB, will see if thell play when Dled :-)


 hguo opol tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hugo pool


I have an official statement from Red Hat that I did not kill anyone at work. Very few people have that. 


 het eitqu amn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the quiet man


How long does it take to fly to Thailand from Moscow? Must be more than to India.. 9 hours or so?


I don't know what happened over night but I have about 60 notifications mostly from China on my  Am I mentioned somewhere?


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               164


 Heroine   Photos WOW very nice click with beautiful woman  harvested 1,031 of food!    


 woo i'm off tweet limit yay :3 but i'm at wifi at my mum's work and i won't be there for too long TT


Jean-Claude Van Damme's Epic Split for Volvo is Insane  Jawaban benar: not under my roof,  17/331437 poin  1/4799 poin


 Ooh Vi, you would be surprised. Our grammar is ze shit :D


Can all your worries add a single moment to your life?
(Matthew 6:27, NLT)


Apple IPad mini 16GB Black CZ distribuce, zakoupen 2/2013 v istyle navc pouzdro.
Cena: 5990 K  logar no youtube pra dar like por motivos obvios


  I'm not going to win this Jess, you look beautiful in it, is that better?


Online poker players: What hand history replayer are you using for your Mac?


Good beef but I asked for medium rare and it came well done (Rib Eye Steak   Arriero)   noldu demin seviye falan diyodun hayirdir senknkide bu sanirim


I've collected 13,020 gold coins!    


" Are discussing.. and is going harder than i thought" make it simple . After all , Its our choice , remember ?


last i checked i was a fucking wreck i called for help and no one showed up


"In the end, it's very simple. It's about making other people happy"-Zach Sobiech 18  - this video will make you cry


You have been greatly anticipating the holiday season, even if... More for Capricorn  My 2013 --&gt; 33 ballet, 16 opera and 10 theater performances in Germany, UK, US, Netherlands, Poland and Czech Republic :)


 Hello babe, i'm great wbu? you're excite to come to brazil?


 memang nak. Tapi babah busy, kakak busy. Angah paper pun tak habis lagi. So, how? Haha.


I feel like there are more enterable rooms in this area then all of DayZ Mod.   - URIAH HEEP -"Salisbury" - 3rd Studio Record with my Favorite for Real Rockers "Bird Of Prey" &amp; "Salisbury"!!   gua kene bahan dgn membe gua .dorg pggl gua usop sontorian


Today I had a shooting with  and it was so beautiful day today...:-)


Oh my fucking Lord!!! The FRIENDS Reunion is happeninnngggg! Whaaaaaa! *faints*


Systems and components for setting-up reatails stores, shops, exhibitons and interiors.  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.5C, Marc 20.81C ac foris 1.19C vre esse.


"You're in a relationship to be happy, to smile, to laugh &amp; to make good memories. Not to constantly be upset, to feel hurt &amp; to cry."


Pepracovan VideoAd nyn v HTML 5 a na portfoliu Impression Media ***   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           823


 Pay close attention to your television after  tonight
  WHAAAAAT


"MARC 21 for Everyone: A Practical Guide"  Alas, 'everyone' doesn't include apps.


Hey! You got your chatroulette in my peanut butter.  Hotel,Solar 2,Bard's Tale STEAM  technically, I was born on Easter sunday... think everybody loves Christmas... Santa comes


Today stats: 6 followers, One unfollower and followed 6 people via  want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a...      you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


Intel's CEO has big plans for foundry - If we can utilize our silicon to provide the best computing, we'll do that  are all fake. Americans place European countries on a map:   Try reading Les Fourmis by  You might feel diferently next time you pour molten metal inside their homes.


New Mac Pro Now Available and Other News You Need to Know  first day of school after 2 weeks of vacation how I hate you :D


    Fellaini certainly is. He has had 6 seasons in the PL, doesn't need 3-4 months to find form.


 hi ! I just want to wish u happy bday &amp; merry xmas. love u no matter what. my young boy &lt;3


 Good night sleep well and sweet dreams:)) Lovely greeting from Germany:))  it flies like a duck and swims like a duck...   Translator apps are nice but.sometimes you.need to speak thd language.    International Bussiness Center na Florenci. Moc pekne misto :)


  right, that's exactly the way I'm going to check


are they sitting in each others laps that's cute, gay but cute  alright the Dentist saying relax she wasn't the one with a North Sea drilling rig hanging out of her mouth,I'll relax when she hits oil


In memory of Gonzalo Olave who was born on December 29th, 1983 and died on April 4th, 2009.


I liked a  video  iPad Art - Morgan Freeman Finger Painting


 [oord ot ordo] (1985) Mert Hatfield, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 12


Beautiful ( Karlv most | Charles Bridge w/ 3 others) [pic]:  farting noises because of having two physics lessons today]


 maybe we can get some exclusive preview in praque this weekend? some cool poster near the booth?


Today stats: 4 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 7 people via  Perrie please follow me , i saw this post on facebook  :)


 This weekend spread the word.  . thank you.  anyone actually know what you have to do when people are singing happy birthday to you


Like when you get what you want, but not what you need...


"You know what you get for pre-ordering a game? A big dick in your mouth." Cartman hat sogar Recht! Nie vorbestellen. 


Der beste tweet den ich je gelesen hab. I cryyyy ahahahah 


On page 536 of 800 of Harry Potter a Fnixv d, by J.K. Rowling     imma get yo ass back all good" bruh everything on BET is Trash, Scum, Garbage &amp; Rubbish lol


 will. i will judge you. when you tweet chen hour no tweet baek hour? im gonna tell baek. brb calls xing.


too tired for workout :( my plan says i still have to burn 700  :(  


 Please,my dear James donate something to brave Ellie,I suffer of the disease as well,the fight is hard.  ReviewMost Popular Posts of 2013  by  


Thank you so much for over 250 likes. Happy new year guys :)
Stay tuned on our fanpage for other free games, get...  law makes good neighbors. In case of Hadar, good wine makes good neighbors! Thank you for deli(t|r)ious 


are you happy to see me or is that a weapon in your hand?  looking forward to Jan 30. :) 


Don't care much more. I'm just here and invisible. Its all fine by me.


Pouvnm hashtagu  na instagramu je vce mn eeno: "Hey, I'm stupid but I really want followers and likes on my selfies!"


Just came back from the dentist. Now I'm hungry and can't eat. Yes, I will be starving soon. I can already feel the weakness coming on ...


 Jawaban benar: sixth happiness,  15/368032 poin  1/150 poin


the extraction was done in a jiffy but the wait was LOOONG. an hour and a half. the fuck is this fuckery.


" If ya pussy so good why I ain't get none?" I'm crying


oh god. when I'm not reposting all things Who I'm having a plain old writer's block. 


Sometimes you dont want to know the person to communicate


Even in Elf, the Central Park Ranger are fucks. Even in Hollywood they know the Rangers fucking suck cock.


well, I want to kill myself.
has anyone a idea how I can ?


 Jaromir Jagr played his 1st game in Washington when he was 18yrs 232 days old. Tonight he plays there again but he is 41yrs 309.


Whippoorwill (From Fourth World) by R. Carlos Nakai   episode of RK w/Infinite.. and right before going to bed wow great idea ._.


 hahahah that's true! I'm glad I finally find someone who's interested in Islanders tho :)


  Johnny 5, que es el Wall-E hipster: Before it was cool.  def not! just keep thinking about Miley Cyrus in March   


 k im going back, there is nothing here anymore blah:D


You got all the money in the bank, yet you want to bid for Pato? Come on Wenger. He will just be another Camakh or Berdtner or Giroud.


Does anyone know what time are the PCAs live here in Germany?? I really need to know this before the 9th!!


I do such a good job of pissing everyone off unintentionally.


Heal The World - Michael Jackson - spolen skladba:  prostednictvm 


 my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard  SING IT!!! 


 I feel sorry for you :'( But I'm even more sorry about the Calcifer Plushie.


My Top 3  Artists: Kvelertak (27), Melvins (26) &amp; Suicidal Tendencies (25)  like your original voice a lot more than the German synchro



Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher in the storm, but to add color to  olum sen niye sapk sapk tweetler atyosun la bana :)))


2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by    Anyway, nice marketing stunt by Amazon around Cyber Monday. Well played. :)


Photoset: 14.01.012PM New Year Challenge | Math With Khun..  glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Autumn Statement 2013: Labour need Ed Balls, but he can't carry on like this: Where does Ed Balls go from here...  taking a little break to tend to our wounded, but we'll be back for another  MP session at 11:30AM UTC!  applies for 5 patents tied to liquidmetal    Android 4.4 KiteKat - screenshots - zaujala me minimalizace chromu u fotaku.  Landscape Photos Of Middle Europe Inspired By The Brothers Grimm   Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


    big up banky......great job done on that videos with sarkodie........explosion as always. Lvn it


Good thing: next Technologieplauscherl meetup is on it's way:  [de]


 ncesrigha 4 epnedas tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: searching 4 sandeep


   Not at all. IndexOutOfRange checks are still performed and so on.


Interesting idea by  - agregating your credit cards and securing them:  hug search for cheap/effective   here is the best provider I think:  supporting Movember. The name of the event "MOje jizda" can be in Czech interpreted in two ways: 
1.My...  for a flight to tehran.... where there is little or no social networks. 

have a good week!


 [ganelso] (2002) Kim Feeney, p:comedian c:USA poin: 7


When will you come to germany with the boys?   10


 Now we're officially the superior country which has stores open on Sunday too.


The night before.... Trance Department  On the way to Transmission!
FREE entrance with Transmission ticket...  she's the only korean friend I kind of have ^^; I know about some people from Asia but I'm scared to talk to them ;;


The best beer is in Czech! Come to try it with our beer tour!


 hell out of me and I tell myself I'm never gonna write again because it's never good enough and that's probably the reason why


Q for  - Can you small improvement, directory listing for some directories on sites?


Lb se mi video  od autora   Documentary: The Decisive Battle of Lattakia by the Syrian Army


  I've always liked the blues ... because of you I love it... Thank you..  you're 12. You should be losing teeth, not your virginity.


"we can say that this episode was a port because all the ships met and didnt sink"


RIP Winamp, a ije Spotiamp * Spotiamp Will Keep Winamp Alive Forever | Fast Company | Business + Innovation    The funny thing is that I had the idea for this first :P


My ninja mastered the Backhander in CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone!  Try it for FREE!  during Newyear's eve :))     PlayStation 4: Inviting Console That Avoids PS3's Missteps  rmstesear tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: streamers


 [le ueeppl gesin] (1989) Michel Piccoli, p:monkey c:Indonesia poin: 15


 [atncaip di'sdk raetuesr] (1938) Charles Sullivan, p:pirate c:USA poin: 23


Try to have a lazy day and all the boyfriend does is try to take pictures!      Khbsurt Eyes
Wo Msom Sa Face

Wo atrctive Prsnalty

Wo Inteligent Mind

Yad Hy

Me Ab B Wesa Hi Hun

Tum Sunao Mong.Phali K Muu wale..


Check out this new game I'm playing on Facebook! Iconmania Ultimate! It's so addictive!    babble, but with location tag. This is for those analyzing twitter data, have fun :p


Ich habe 31 Fotos im Album 21.12.2013 - Apocalypse: One Year After auf Facebook gepostet  was always told once a cheater always a cheater, so I've got my pride and she's got you .


 now of only it was possible to build without X...


Heh! Ordinary Men Hilariously Pose as Sexy Motorcycle Models - My Modern Metropolis  To Turn Super Troll This Week With Auto-Playing Video Ads For Us All  liked a  video  South Park - Stop Touching Me Elmo


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 147


Was out walking 0.26 km with  See it here:  store in Prague is running a special. Buy 3 items get 1 FREE!   


Horrific - Kyrgyz woman beaten by other Kyrgyz men in Russia. Her crime? Speaking to a non-Kyrgyz man.  was so bored tonight, so I decided to make a little video about  Hope you like it:  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings.   


 gala night getting started. Looking sharp  with    about today's  movement workshop for bloggers in Prague.  


 Sam follow me pleaseee, it would be the best christmas present ever &lt;3


38  Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


98  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


 I should have sent you home with tea! Remind me tomorrow!


Remember when somebody asked me on ask.fm if I am black...


I have completed the quest 'Chop down the Big Tree.' in the  game The Tribez.   


 :( I'm cooking right now but I shall sit down and write you an inbox of my woes


Unsere Spezialitten gibt's auch in der  Shopwelt powered by     "my name is Sandra Agustina, and my friend always ____ me Sandra. A.Called B.Call


Chelange all ids on twitr 40404
Best poetry
News

Faraz+wasi
Ghalib+iqbal
Saqi+sagar
Only on 
Poetry 
Follow dubta_sooraj send 40404


Jedemeeee  ( AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/ 8 others)  Brochure    F2800        RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


What was the first thing you learned to cook?  fried egg    even after 3 times of seeing it, it was still so good 


Model.toJSON returns an Object !!! not serialized object as string as anyone would expect. Wow,  sucks even more than I thought!


Good morning! in Prague is not too good weather...:( rainy and cold... im going to work


Orlando Bloom is two years older than Lee Pace who plays his father, King Thranduil.  May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


There are people working, people having lunch... and then there's me, making inappropriate sketches of Fluttershy and Discord


BIG thanxxx 2 My fav  4 last Nite. Amazing Time, Dinner and than great set at MXIM BAR (Prague) . LA BANDA in da House &lt;3


Recuerdos ...
Katy Perry - The One That Got Away    


  Damn, really? I wanted to buy DualShock 4 for BF4 on PC :-/ (and later for GTA V)


Brilliant! Google launches the Android-based Open Automotive Alliance with Audi, Honda, GM, and more  marin you can't just call the robot guy in school


  Which of the Idiots has the biggest 'diva' potential?


 Can we just be friends, my life would be a lot better then, lols.


Is it when the weather claims it's going to snow outside it's not even cold it feels good outside right now 


Are you a good fit for this job? Asistent/ka nkupnho oddlen - zoot.cz in Prague, Czech Republic  


 Amazing interview &amp; your daughter is so skillful! I wouldn't be able to make it like that even now lol  how I feel: Battlefield 4 spotlights EA's inability to launch games, treat players with dignity  guy filmed Shanghai from his 23rd floor apartment over 2 years - totally amazing    


 [teh ojmar nda hte irnom] (1942) Lela E. Rogers, p:iowa c:USA poin: 23


 [rydbi ni hte aecg] (2003) Greg Carlson c:USA poin: 17


Today stats: No Elf followed me and 4 unfollowed me via  Gift Card Generator Hack - Working November 2013:  via 


 no other local films can beat 'book of love'. Haha


You want to be thin and you want to be pretty, but then there's a pizza 


 [essectr fo hte x eil,sf rtap 1] (1995) Bruce Harwood, p:alien c:USA poin: 30


Ih geer wae :p "  itu belakangnya yo berarti ngajakin wee:p"


Geity ini bener2 rahasia ye. Just bisnis. Agak khawatir dan shockterapy get (with Geity)


Paid internship at Liv-ex: Do you have excellent wine knowledge, strong computer and communication skills and ...  i'm not even british but i remember these!! i actually still have it somewhere :D


TOMORROW! at Radost FX the best of RnB, HipHop and Dancehall.   on 1988 meeting w/ Mitterrand: It is the first time a head of a state officially met independent activists  5 Medical Technologies Revolutionizing Healthcare  


Food vocabulary and games for elementary students at         comparison of 1971, 2012 and 2012 constitutions by   Good morning, Team B! Cleaning up the "spill-over" drunks from last night's madness again, are you? Job of a cop, eh? ;)


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Iraq - Crossroads'. Join me in combat!    


Great review for  - 'Quite tasty, excellent soup and good wine!' -  and the desktop app adds this position to your photos. photos taken by phone should be geotagged by default ;)


This guy was joined for a lunch...by a friendly pigeon ^^  definitely, they must be so happy now when they fucked up us again


 [tselerah] (2010) Christian Herrera, p:children c:USA poin: 8


 naksojc uoytcn aijl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: jackson county jail


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 21.25C ac foris 2.81C vre esse.


It's a new art form showing people how little we care


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x47


Omg tak zzzabarnye nak tengok  Nak Mc la that day.


  Hm, I'll watch some Beyond gameplays then before buying it maybe. But GTA5 for sure is not a waste


Gartner definition of Integrated systems and marketshare:  only two things I'm gonna pack for the Dominican trip: Bathing suits, and a fuck ton of sunscreen. 


 Axe is shit, yea I say that all the time. Starting with their showergels ending with parfumes and deodorants.


Gaya yg udah SMA mah huhu:"RT  Bermacam macam pelajaran:D RT  (cont)  a certain megapixel level where I just stop being photogenic. Something around 1 or .5mp. 


Slowly but surely the pain becomes your addiction the depression becomes insanity and you become your own demon with the power


abendliche tumblr session mit neuer musik via spotify. &lt;3


Sat, 07 Dec 2013, let us all send Sara Bareilles the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


I think that's pretty much it for my plan to go to the library and write that essay later on ...  


" The baby on the Nirvana album is now 22.  Hello Karma, Can I call you Kvasinka? :33 You is so cute. PLEASE FOLLOW ME &lt;3 haf haf (czech)


 There's always a wild side to an innocent face.


If anybody see my bestfriend  tell her I miss her , I love her , &amp; I need to talk to her like NOW !


Dell Chromebook 11 Offers 10 Hours of Battery Time for Less Than $300  This is the way, how I do it. It works, but only in portrait orientation. In landscape is the cell greater than it should be.


28  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


22 u have nice skin it's GLOWING i h8u 9 1/2 /10 cause u have nice eyes 2


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


people picking up turtles by their tails more like what the fuck are you thinking


 die brand yg mane?? Banyak plak jenis ipoh white coffee


Lets party... And back to 80's (at Caf Stellwerk) [vid]   CANT WAIT !!  's latest album  is coming out this year omg i cant breathe anymore  Baker - Private Sessions EP [Full Mixtape]:  via 


 I will po mehe!! thank you thank you triplet mwaa!!


*megayawn* dear 2014, fuckity hi! *megayawn* all the best to all my followers. you tolerant, amazing lot, you!  - Twins were born, but haven't realized that..  Not much more to see: it'll be bigger (HA!), less blurry and much wrinklier :)


Integrating Jena JSON-LD writer is a real pain. Had to compile current master to make my app even compile. But the lib is not working. 


 Might need a longer format than a tweet, let me send you an email, OK?


Sorry ale snad tohle nechce nekdo par srovnavat s nasi show ...  VS  ...


     just finished in kitchen 4 2day :-) im dead but happy :-D managed soooo


matt listening to am awkwardly groping kate and shes like wth


35 GIFs From 'New Year's Rockin' Eve': Tongues Take Over  [nerewts ehritgea] (1948) Jason Robards Sr., p:forger c:USA poin: 16


Twitter Will Now Show You Ads Based on Your Browsing History.   |RT 


Faith No More - Midlife Crisis (With Lyric Subtitles):  via 


" Define "classy"  haven't seen it enough to do so


biasa aja taooo RT    temen kelas paling jago bhs.inggris?:3"


 Let's Live For Today (Re-Recorded / Remastered) by The Grass Roots on   and what exactly is thyroid hormone? Hahaha.. Ndak aku paham


The latest patents from Canon, Olympus and Konica Minolta   


In memory of Lou Rawls who was born on December 1st, 1933 and died on January 6th, 2006.


 USES THAT SHIT are we still talking about kavier and natursekt im confused


I have been a loner since 1995 just cause your phone dry a couple days dont mean you on my level


 That won't prevent them from doing harm. Sorry to say it, but this is not suitable solution.


 [hrutgoh the owmohrle] (2010) Neil Toruk, p:relativity c:USA poin: 20


Now that Dmitry Kiselyov is back in the news, worth remembering how he said the hearts of gays should be burned:  teman follow  ya twitter ku yang ini error berat


 Case Study  EMR software house  shortens release time by 90 percent  via 


Ve Vistch nefungoval, ve Win 7 taky ne, co na Dualshock 3 kaj Windows 8.1? Tohle (u pl hodiny).  of the Olympic Games fire and me.      an Instagram That Embodies Productivity  handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Quick reminder to  Drones fly, people die! You sick mofos!


Iyo mek iso njaluk sepuro tok haha " Sepuro tok ? "   Lho salah ya? Hahah yo sepurane wkwk"


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               370


News | Red Bull Air Race set to soar in Malaysia | FOX SPORTS  via 


TOCCCS - FAKIN TRU  (prod. FREEZER / FRANK FLAMES / PEACOCK) Official Tr...:  via 


Cause every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say, oh my God


  feed your family with your wages? I don't care - I only care about the economy" what the heck O_O!


I've just pre-ordered This Is Us. Wow, can't waittt, I love the movie.


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Iraq - Crossroads'. Join me in combat!    


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via   that's the reason why I am alive ...      RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


A) asking somebody out turns out bad everytime
B) no matter how much I try to like every other girl, old love doesn't die does it


Happy Birthday  wish you all the best!!! Hope you have a great day :) Love you :* 


  Excellent performance. Impressed with Abbruzzese, Harrington, Broadhead and of course, Tyler Roberts.


You can't quit me baby ist eine Anspielung auf den Song I can't quit you baby von Led Zeppelin.


 "I don't give thanks in Thanksgiving. I mourn the loss of the colonies."     v Ove je  Ja si rikala, proc pulka meho 4sq vyrazila do pekel horoucich spolecne.


 Thanks. Saw the new ep. already this morning.


"The smartest $50 I ever spent was investing in Google shares. All it takes is $50 and a few seconds  


 [eehr cmeo eth redsib] (1968) Linda Dangcil, p:sitcom c:USA poin: 20


If we are serious about freedom of speech, then everyone must have it: Why isn't there more alarm about the Go...   20kc  til 8:30 &amp; 10 shots of jager for 300kc all nite long. football from 7pm.  


The Dresden Daily is out!  Stories via   


POZVNKA NA PTEN HOKEJOV TRNINK V LETANECH 9.15-10.15H 
IceArena Praha 9-Letany
Chcete se nauit i...     Hm... Something is wrong with my  -- FedEx tracking shows that is still in Finland. :-(


17    C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  
ownr sumya


Bondholder Hypo-thermia, in Austria | FT Alphaville  wonder where the new bail-in rules will have to be used first!


bigups  looking forward the interview next tuesday! meanwhile i will go more deep thru your music, many hits deh!
link up soon ;)


 wish I could say the same!! Everyone loves ice skating! Enjoy it :) D.S.


  thank you &lt;3333 I like you two too - a lot &lt;333333333333333333 my two internet besties &lt;3


so it was only 12 hrs today. on my way home. left literally piece of me in the residence tho :'D


Dat t-shirt!  RT  Federer during the practice session   Levine Named People's 'Sexiest Man Alive,' Internet Unhappy  Tweets retwitteados y un total de 1 RTs [ltimas 24h]   yeah, at least for qb and pax britannica the port was straightforward. I used the converter with native code support (&gt;10.2)


 I just had my drops, sat at my desk... "Hmm, cinnamon rolls..." So another dose in 20 minutes


vstc non Praze... Paulie Garand &amp; Kenny Rough - Manifest (feat. Jakub Dkan) // Oficiln ...:  via 


i really like the word kiss it's kinda cute isn't it kiss kiss kiss kissss


The same Christmas tree, day and night. Staggering beauty!  Warszawa Old Town  Match case could be match letter size. Regular expression? GO literal on that or see how Brazilian programmers call it.


I am rewarding myself with yt vid after finishin writing fic. So I just basically rewarded my procrastination with MORE procrastination.


Tento tden se na vs t zvtka na farm! All the farm animals are looking forward to seeing you this week!  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Android update fiasco in one chart.  (CC 


fantasy by mariah carey is my gay anthem im so sorry


  where the picture was taken, I do not know, it could well be Amsterdam ..


I've collected 35,660 gold coins!    


 ['coerkns dab fru yad] (2001) Chris Seavor, p:king c:UK poin: 20


 Just Announced: Simbach, Germany - Jan 18 at Rezolut  The best team in English football is now  This clear to anyone, who has has a good knowledge of the game." Deluded


 Let's Skype so I can reset your password. I'm the same username as here over there.


 Jawaban benar: staring at the sun,  18/980 poin


Photoset: Truth or Dare: Have you ever had sex with a woman?  woah. time flies. 20 mins till the Next Doctor. Xmas! 


Hi!  please look at my polish version of "Podemos" and tell me what do you think about it? :)  22


01. Massif, Isaac Fisherman, Sam Stroke - Frontseat (Ari Kyle &amp; Audioscape Remix)   


 [udbau-dtbat taok] (1993) Sofyan Sharna, p:Comedy c:Indonesia poin: 16


Frank Medrano - Superhuman Bodyweight Workout Domination - YouTube  Snowden voted Guardian person of the year 2013  via 


 i hate FUT, last time i spent 7,5k on 400k coins, nothing really good, only Willian -.-


EU emmission trading is as helpful for climate issues as drinking vodka to cure hangover     was amazing. Met David Tennant, which I never thought could ever happen and had a great time with my friends 


BBQ squid with sour-cream and olive oil

      Praha | Prague  [gmoeha ot reewadda gmrubedyi] (1994), p:jumping c:UK poin: 28


  yes you can, FCPX was always good with H264 native and 10.1 actually DID speed things up. Not placebo Apple BS


   Proboha jen to ne. Fenin by dle meho mel byt naopak na nejvyssim miste nezadoucich hracu.


24  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


I'm at Noodle bar Modr zub (Praha, Czech Republic) w/ 3 others  new play reflecting Japanese culture, traditions, literature, horror, sex and crime... In  on Wednesday: Kim Possible again*^^ Maybe I cosplay Shego at the Animaco ^_-


  - but I'm sure that  appreciates votes as well :)


Gettin' some serious air.        Prask hrad |  willing to spend couple of hours from his/her weekend with me and Adobe Illustrator, explaining a couple...  New Courage/The Magic of Imagination - The Pagemaster by James Horner  Whatever you decide to do, don't forget about your  fan &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;


 jokes are half meant nigguh!!! Yay!! You miss mee!! Wag na denial =))


 Once received a letter from a nun saying 20p would save a child from sth. There was an actual 20p cellotaped to the letter...


 Jawaban benar: the smartest person who ever lived,  34/346075 poin


This week will be incredibly busy. Adding finishing touches to our newest singles and then let the Christmas gluttony begin!


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.94C, Marc 21.88C ac foris 2.31C vre esse.


17  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


No logs kept fastest vpn service for freedom lovers:      


Also, I've realized that the majority of my tweets include the word "damnit". 
Or "dammit".
It's just such a good describing woooorrrrdddd


Anyone know how to use keystrokes to move between tabs of a Safari browser window? Can do it on Chrome with alt+cmd+arrows


Igor - Osm Nula Osm (produced by Abe, Konex) | shot by   via  200K  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  seen some shit and he sure a hell acting like it


B000 (buf nolplu..) | periodo is B800 16uma tempo 15:45ut  When you are in Austria taste our legendary Wiener Schnitzel with Preiselbeeren. Smells very good! Well: Nice holidays to you


 Oh and I know one name who is not anounced yet but was already there the past two conventions


 thank you so much for this Per-fect album! I love every song so much. What is your fave track on the Album?


Niggas so addicted to vagina that they lost their backbone. Shit wild.


Great review for  - 'Chef was very friendly &amp; adaptable....we were able to pretty...' -  tag: "illiad spoilers????" XD gotta love the snark in that.


 [niena aureil] (1913) Fritzi Brunette, p:spoof c:USA poin: 12


shud i translate Jun. K Fan Meeting Jakarta Survey's FAQ and post it on Tumblr?? `..`


     wat a smile????keep it up.guyz n galz..god bless you  


 1967 Alfa Romeo GTV (GT Veloce) .. not sure about the year though


This Friday there will be dancing and merriment in Praha !    Top 3  Artists: Ennio Morricone (34), Pixies (29) &amp; Weezer (22)    Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


   But you'll never Catch my heart completely ;)


Dnes live report z home office...        
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           110


If I made a delicious dinner last night but didn't post it on Instagram, did it really happen? 


DinamoRiga 73Vojtech Polakand Lev 73 Ondrej Nemec sochi2014 Olympic candidate battle it out.Lev    Is there any link to watch it online? :)


I shall seek them, &amp; shall not find, even them that contend with me, they that war against me shall be as nothing, and as a thing of naught


Chystte se tento vkend do kina na KAPITNA PHILLIPSE? Mrknte na HD trailer s eskmi titulky.  I'm so cold I could use my nose drippings as a pair of chopsticks


24   Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


 If you eat too many carrots, your skin can actually develop an orange tint.ladies this for y'all


The Coolest Film Festivals in the World, 2013: Experimental/Underground and Outside the Box Film...  friends. I go to work. See you later :-(:-(:-(:-(:-(:-(  [hloy abnaiatm] (1989) Van Williams, p:batman c:USA poin: 13


 Jawaban benar: the elephant seals of ano nuevo,  31/4982 poin


today 2 shows of Romeo and Juliet...2 italians Romeo( Francesco and Guido) with 2 czech Juliet ( Andrea and...   hbd old head"Good looking! How the season going? You getting  the rock haha


 ahh okie.. Oh Good afternoon sayo kakagising mo lang ata ihh ahhaha :P


Announcing release of  and Web Tools 2013.1 for Visual Studio 2012  showcases technology leadership at IEDM 2013 - CIOL   pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


Az do 20. ledna muzete pridavat vase prispevky ze sveta open-source.    just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               332


"Fantastic app to let kids explore their creativity!It's designed for Parents to use as a quality, shared, learning time"via 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.13C ac foris -0.44C vre esse.


x   limited edition t-shirt hitting shelves next week. paper model preview out now!  liked a  video  Ida Kelarov a havorenge sestih


TV Beitrag: Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2013 -- Krabi Thailand - Story Clip  out "Your Yani by Said Energizer" on Vimeo        


 mot ns:iiav eth alery erysa tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: tom savini: the early years


 I am Bruno, cheerleader and part time model and baker wbu


Me and  are narry. Narry is us. We are one.
 myself a new smartphone... the BlackBerry Q10. Great device for my current lifestyle, thx  for making this device 


Anders  Of course, the Four-Hills-Tournament, the  and the Ski-flying World-Championchips are my big goals. 


fortunate to have met  I've connected with her like no other &amp;she is my WCM today, not really a crush but I am feeling her alot


My Top 2  Artists: Lostprophets (1) &amp; Sherlock: Series 3 Teaser Trailer (1)  India Ariel alongside Development theory. Good combination


Marger /   Flow Food Vol 2: The Army mixtape  Banger.cz  via 


 xyrpie dtea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: expiry date


I have a job opening for a System archiect JAVA. Contact Me in Brno, Czech Republic  


&gt;_&lt; RT  131231 Jun.K ver  cam preview..... ....     ...  cried a lot so I put everything out of my reach :D


 [het neakd rspu] (1953) Ralph Meeker, p:prospector c:USA poin: 14


 Jawaban benar: world of warcraft,  17/319925 poin  1/361073 poin


You probably build websites and think your shit is special.   Najlepszego w 2014! Happy New Year! 
     Pro 2 so far: still very heavy, but feels very snappy. illuminated type cover is awesome. battery very good.


  fine he got his astonishing looks from me I'll give him that


 I'm not sure the model is this flexible. It was already a horror to make the current one lol, but I'll try


 [yjebn] (1951) Henry Fonda, p:disability c:USA poin: 5


Although you might put your foot in your mouth today, your goo... More for Sagittarius  Industry Assn. White Paper: "Spectrum Sharing Research &amp; Development" - my mom is wrapping rn too! XD and we're late every year xD


Fun fact
I made tumblr two year ago and I've had 18k posts
Three months ago I made a new one and by now I have 10k posts
What is life


A Pin On Pinterest Is Worth 25% More In Sales Than Last Year  via 


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


Absolutely --&gt;&gt;   are we title contenders? I believe so! 


Turning old textiles into new products - and jobs. Croatian Start-up project     wanna go to mac-i christmas party     sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks


Bears-Ravens WR Viewer's Guide: Ball distribution needed  worst possible thing: Mom just heard me barf and said I'm only getting soup for dinner.


Vcerejsi Remember the Classics v Brne,Street Baru,byla super.Tohle dava energii


So, I have a new job role, apparently. I need to buy a suit now.  


and crayon pop...... " i see 2PM there RT  2013 SBS Gayo Daejun attendees :  50 years of deception. JFK to 911 WTC controlled demolition false flag RT  Do people believe JFK (1/2)


 Abuse the Game Notifications API. I guess it can be used for this too...  this train, I wanna get off and go home again.


Euan and Andrew explore Tinder looking for honeys part 1: Bored in the uni labs.


 Jawaban benar: the jim nabors hour,  19/241 poin


I didnt expect im ever going to cry bc of album again


 do you like to hang out with your fans???  


Let's have some casual night.     Grandhotel Pupp  to get a seeing-eye dog for your unit tests? Notes from the dev desk to prevent testing blindly:   via 


 if only that were the case! Then I'd quite happily use that title! But it's a little more 21st century. D.S.


in the spirit of good ol' fake brand logos by   yah veerf tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hay fever


Reading my stats. Be back in a minute. 1 unfollower in the last one day. Courtesy:  thnkxx merry christmas for you and your family. God bless you. Greeting from germany fan;-)  K luxusn wellness pobyt pro 2 osoby na 3 dny v hotelu Adam****
pindlerv Mln - luxusn wellness pobyt...            nam ten dnesek tedy pekne zacal.. co bude dal?  


You can See  You can Hear  You can Talk  You can feel  You can Walk  Now Say, Alhamdulilaah. YA ALLAH FORGIVE US.


Hi  Can I and how to obtain Office RT for my Win 8.1 Pro (on my laptop, not Surface)? I have SA subscription for Office Pro 2013.


 WOW very good click Rahul. I like it. Very good look. Happy sunday for you. Tc.   iek's freedom-talk  amusing, but somewhat shallow and no clouds.


Wearing my I *heart* London t-shirt hoping it'll bring luck to all the  teams today!  7pm CET live on wayra.tv 


Steam Autumn Sale: Daily Deals  November 29th 2013:  via 


I just bought: 'The Planet Collection (Blue Planet/Planet Earth/Frozen Planet) [DVD]' DVD ~ Sir... via   you understand? ^^           Do you have any medical condition which doesn't allow you eat that stuff or are you just weak?


 [eementngl rmrya utetersbn] (1955) Ferdy Mayne, p:sister c:USA poin: 25


Its Friday night, Dom. When will you notice that youre wasting the best years of your life in that couch? THERE COULD AS WELL BE 'ADELA'


The Big Bang in 50 but I seem to be in the middle of The Day of the Doctor. again. well I thought one anniversary rewatch why not another...


 Jawaban benar: parker lewis can't lose,  23/323363 poin


Watching the game until I fall asleep          seen it nicknamed Planet of Shorts, implying at least one of the two young leading men will show some skin. at least something.


A new favorite: CN Tower Pt 2 Produced FlashG Music Vox mixed by Freezachin by Richard Kylea Cowie  on 


Oh, btw, the Project is temporarily called "The New Member" and, yes, is about TF2 and involves pony


We are about to link all projectd rogethet for better cooperation. Tis is the plan for 2014.


IK clean politic: PTI leader accused of extortion at gunpoint 
 Jawaban benar: impian kemarau,  14/349609 poin


 Yeah..... It is no argument for me for I am a boy :P


 Heres  in her custom made  jumpsuit dripping in crystals on    I really want Sherlock's coat
He did say he had lots of them... Why doesn't he share?


6 Of My All-Time Favorite Conversion Rate Optimization Case Studies  via 


 before they broke up. At least I got the chance to hear them live one last time TT


Just finished new      Parts are from  I have completely  haha :D I know exactly what you're talking about. I hate it too.


 but I dont feel like dancin, no sir, no dancin today!


Everybody make mistakes but u cant push a person into making one


Today stats: 11 followers, One unfollower and followed 10 people via  photography Green photography macro photograph by MagicSky  via 


 I think you're probably gonna like my new gifset ;)... I'm gonna upload it in like 2h or sth like that.


Saw this at the steelers game last week.  via 


Lb se mi video   Modern Talking - Don't Lose My Number - 1987


Computers are like Air Conditioning. Both work fine until you open windows. 


  Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you &lt;3 3


 Welcome on board         


Oitenta e dois chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


3 people followed me // automatically checked by  Black Water on my iPad. Love this game! Check it out!   Colucci let the light in             shall we find some place to hack in group?


Lb se mi video   turning Pages- Sleeping At Last with lyrics on screen


How to teach Siri to pronounce someone's name correctly in iOS 7  I cannot stress this enough: he is often making racist, homophobic etc comments. Might be right here, but usually just racist!!


I've collected 154 gold coins!    


 *LOL* "A treat sometimes" might be fine but - cough - (mine occur a bit too often) :D How's your shift been so far?


 [6 rohus ot evil] (1932) John Reinhardt, p:murder c:USA poin: 15


  correct but my problem is tanisha i will vote for everyone even armaan to get tanisha out of da house


 only reason why i'm getting myself up to put on pants a lot lately


Good night everyone. Sleep well and sweet dreams;-);-)  does the new Peter Parker look like James Franco and the new Harry Osborn like Toby Maguire? 


 it's hard to understand because of the echo... 


New Pony SFM design and features soon! Please read and spread!  mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Blog article about self-critical view of the  people:  


Have you seen  Let's talk about it on   Shares Soar to Record on Optimism for Mobile-Ad Growth  my way to Vienna. I will be speaking at 16.00 about UCD, user experience, research and making your clients happy!  


Chillin' (literally) on Christmas Eve :-) ( Starbucks)  I know I might be complaining and annoying with all this but...


if you're looking for a streetcar named desire you have to lower your gaze, darling.   Whats so wrong about it? X for eXecute, plus T for test, J for Java app Memorized easily


If I had the world in my hands i'd give it all to you 


Hey  can't seem to view images on iOS Safari. Press image, new tab opens, jumps me to App Store to download advertised game.


I hope my  friends in Ukraine will win freedom. I'd like to meet you guys in person. Please don't get hurt  "Emotional Daily Statistics". 0 new followers :( :( :( and 2 unfollowers :'( :'( :'(. Via   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         385


 [llbi ybsoc no riedcjpue] (1971) Bill Cosby, p:political c:USA poin: 23


 Oh, I would finally like to see a concert of your choir. Unfortunately I've been also singing today. :D


The Game Advisor is being useless. Can I just have my players back or get a replacement? 


 [eivsco hiwt:ni eht iselv fo didrut hsaec] (1990) Irina Cashen c:USA poin: 40


 Jawaban benar: the elephant seals of ano nuevo,  31/369 poin


Sherlock Holmes: 10 other ways he could have survived the fall  via 


Not every one likes it. I don't get it right every time. But when I open up to their truest response the real gold is found. 


 umm
"I will shove this steel, hard sword up that Dragon's butt"
~Hobbit pt. 1, probably the same guy


Instantthrowback... Miss jus starrin at this pitchblack wall with an iconic logo on it    my friend used to call me catherpillar
but still
try harder


" "  Its still  that's why they lost" you want to die now or later?"lmfao


     like... game like pimping for dates and shit. so basically, same.


 Vyborne. Lekci rumunsky anglictiny uz jsem par slysel, ale ve svahili slangu stale se moc nevyznam ;)


 [ancdvea dna eb zminahdece] (1967) Mel Blanc, p:mouse c:USA poin: 25


 ok thanks for your informations but I would love to see a little pic from your rehearsals! hahaha 


   Hands-on  &amp;amp;  2 wks pre-launch -    


  Jo, WEB, you know, that weird think running in browser on your computer :)


seems that - for the first time - polar really developed a training device/watch 4 triathletes covering ALL 3 sports!  vida di muito mais do que a morte."
 The Walking dead  


Like electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  structur latex fashion such as      LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +r


 ---- more infos ---- more tunes ---- more videos ----- more stuff  But really, sounds nice to have someone so close, who you get around with this easily :3 I'm just a liiittle bit jealous :D


 you are so pretty ! And I love your hair . I haven't ever talked to you but you seem cool


Wife: Aj ksi mehngi jga ghumanay le chalo na?

Hsbnd: Ok tm tyr ho jao phle hm Petrol Pump jynge, phr WAPDA Office or akhir mai Sabzi Mandi


Woke up to highlights of 7-40! Really needed that at quarter past 7! Hope my day shapes up soon!   


Starship Troopers, Terminator, Hyperion, Groundhog Day... Pipad mi, e Edge of Tomorrow vykrd naprosto vechno. A kupodivu mi to nevad.


Stunning Photographs of the Worlds Last Indigenous Tribes | Brain Pickings  via 


 Well,I had very stressful day yestreday,my mom collapsed,I was scared.


If I was born in america I would be on some next shit


   KAROL MOLIER DE DEUS VC DEU PRA BRUNA? COMO VC TA EM CLASSE BAIXA


20 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Basketball?? Hum SAS. You're on the wrong channel. 


Greetings from Europe: Kantar: if current trends persist, Windows smartphone market share will pass iOS in core EU markets by next summer.


 Last three postseasons always surprised us in a big, big way, this one's not gonna be different.


Stats for the day have arrived. 3 new followers and 3 unfollowers via  version of "I am Malala" is not available in the biggest book shop of Prague as all 500 copies been sold out  


  Yea sure, one bottle of alcohol for a price of 50 coffee times. PLS 


Download my latest radio podcast, if you want!!  Pure 140+ power this time. Enjoy the weekend and thank you! :D...  LionsFish Christmas song 2014 Vnon Co Je To:  pes 


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  on, I had perfect fullhouse and he had fucking A A in hand?


2 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  13 Best Albums Of 2013 (LIST) | Global Grind  Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


 conference on  Thanks 2 speakers-ambassadors based in PRG:  (  


Problem with Gel - icons are default put to high (landscape) and search field covers their  I've put the Insider battery live tile on my mum's Lumia 620, but the tile seems to update very inconsistently. any reason for that?


Vote, vote, vote!  :)   Vote for  in this video shootout:   yesterday I saw a Cyberbully ..very strong movie.. Now I understand how it is when I say something bad to someone.. Yeah and I cried.:(


I wanna be the reason behind your smile, because surely you're the reason behind mine


  Afraid not, But the fact that they are nominated give me some hopes


 tara laro tayo end of fight yun tugtog tapos ang diffucult ay hard x4... :D


Lets play Megaman Battle Network 3 Blue - part 20 (German):  ber 


 
Did you do it with a tool? Which Migration tool have you been using?


Just posted a photo  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  World! We would like to share a video shot at FLEX Club last Wednesday. So have fun with  and...  Lets teach kids to think outside the box, not fill in circles." Yo!


The best "senior" phone interface? Easy Phone Launcher by   moment when you see the biggest spider ever, then it just fucking disappears. 


How the Collapse of Nokia Is Igniting Europe's Next Silicon Valley   Yuri Network News  ()  December 14, 2013  you see my underwear? No Patrick. And you want to?   


I just moved up to level 26 in  for iOS! You should check it out for FREE!
 can I get heartburn... When I'm so heartless?? 


  TOGETHER BY AGREEMENT-Are you needy? I'm not into that right now,    alright, alright, all night, all night, you're minr, you're mine,    


The presentation of Sven  book was a few minutes ago in the Skigymnasium in    Obama gets the loudest applause. Zuma being booed again. Ramaphosa calls for discipline. 


My Top 3  Artists: Alt-J (17), The Black Keys (5) &amp; Kasabian (4)  have never sweat so much after so long.  you are missing out!  notice from jw that today is holiday at embassy?? But then it means i'll come only on friday this week?


 News from 1863 (Gen. Joe Hooker) RT  Drunk, Womanizing General Fired  Christian Eriksen shows off his skills and leaves a defender embarrassed in his dust  


 Jawaban benar: ahead of time,  13/370304 poin


I've collected 65,219 gold coins!    


"I've got a jar of ponies! I've got a jar of ponies!" 


Maly workshop:  kdo si myslite ze foceni je o drahem prislusenstvi, tak posledni titulka Playboye a cely pictorial...  (2013) Little to do with Max Brooks book, but a solid Pitt vs. zombies blockbuster anyway   


An itibar ile 1.987.576 drt parmak'l profil fotorafl kullanc profil fotoraf deitirdi..Artk o parmaklar nereye girdiyse?:)


With this Christmassy decoration from our American colleagues we wish you peaceful and merry holidays!   Pakhair. I don't think so. If you need I shall try to scan selections from the book :)


What have you experienced on your trips around the world? Tweet under the hashtag  ;)


Beat THE HOSPITAL with a time of 4:31 in The Walking Dead : Assault.  &amp; beat my score!  fucking ask me about my future ok because i don't know


Last few tweets from  book. The Power of a Praying Women. Such an awesome amazing book. I'm hooked.


Midnight. It's over. The impossible day has come and gone. And it was glorious.


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   box sets!! But nope, not ready for Christmas :/  D.S.


 Bonjour My Queen Wish You happy New year adore u zizou from tunisia :* !! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 !!!


Make wanna rethink all the stuff my mom told me growing up....


3 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


 [nsl'dnoo ui:bnnrg het meiov] (1986) Marsha Millar c:UK poin: 27


  they shld have ma zimdancehall awards this coming year


 you and half of the planet had that impression. maybe even more.


7  Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


  it has dynamic first row of keys, that can be used F keys as well, see the video.


 Jawaban benar: liku-liku panasnya cinta,  24/372143 poin


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


He was the cutest when he was a baby      [ipes nad sguy] (1958) Gene Roth, p:bet c:USA poin: 13


I found ashley and had sex with him. The mystery is over he deserves high fives from his bros. It was his first time fucking an american


Pakistan Long March Ignored by Media by  Good read
 But this time for real! :-) Have a wonderful Christmas time!


K means clustering single malts whiskey  como para 


 m-me? nooo you T.T I agree on that! I'd love to see you post more again :3 I'd read your blog all the time ^ ^


 hahaha okay tak ada badut . Nanti I look like voldermort dalam harry potter


FOTD mit    S10 und golden avocado (erinnert mich stark an real gold von catrice),  Asleep on Strangers Brings Out Smiles on NYC Subway  don't even know  haha Just   


Ah Politics of Pakistan never fails to disappoint you!


Amazing evening with friends! Great food and lots of laughing!! Tomorrow good stuff at church!   


 [hte ekmnseo] (1966) Gene Otis Shayne, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 11


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


'14 New Years fireworks in Prague          Not bad but there were soooo many things left out...


Reminds me on "Skyrim" ;-) Airborne Snow Observatory: Measuring Snowpack from the Sky:  via 


Recap: What's Happening to GDP in the Euro-Zone Countries? - MoneyBeat - WSJ  via 


A brilliant morning here in Prague. Wishing everyone a good day!   OMG! i feel so loved! thank you bes!! you know how much i love ya right?!!" -- ahhhh dont say that (blush)hihi


 Thanks for following! I write traavel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  collected 1,120 gold coins!    


'Breaking Bad' Alternate Ending Is a Dream Come True  realised x86 means 32bits when downloadx JFK from 


iOS Remains More Popular Than Android for Holiday Shopping in the U.S.    great show, still kickin it D! Thanx a lot!


 Just needed to get all Medieval on yo, um, prose.


 wow you're amazing how you know what I'm doing before I do! *applauds you*


Wouldn't be surprised if Rafael, Rio, RVP, and Nani start today.


Bedduaya lanet,duaya evet.Allah bize yeter,millet bize yeter.


 my girl. It was horrible. I hope it will be like it was (and like it is now) forever!


do you hang out with your fans after concerts??  


Oh and please try to not rate anonymously. I will consider these, but if there is obvious collusion I may want to drop them.


Handmade Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Why getting emotional over life when you can get emotional over tv shows and actors


good night friends 

- make a light in the darkness -  Robert, you're a new and better man,
he helps you to understand,
He does ev'rything he can,
Doctor Robert.


Lb se mi video   Sebo &amp; Madmotormiquel, Nayan Soukie - Everything will Change (URSL008)


   you're welcome! Ronnie's fans should stick together ;-)


Hard to build &amp; market a web app making $1K/month?, responses by    and   I consider smokers selfish and rude, smoking is why I'm not going to rest. any more. Love NYC for this, smoker-free public places.


 can I ask you to please at least put a proper link to my website when you're crediting me? Those lyrics took a long time...


Nashville.Cashville.Stashville  on the  after  Tennakey For  


  Till last minute he was not sure that he is going to be hanged


 that means you'd be standing for like.. 3 hours.. I'm not sure maybe wear some normal shoes for the queuing and your journey


9 May.hamburg.The 1975 perform this song for  and for me.Cann't believe tomorrow we will met them again  wonder... how much tobacco did we actually buy? /w   race to 11ac begins: New refresh cycle set to push wireless LAN investment above US$5 billion in 2014" -  learning I'm listening to  stop playing Christmas carols! :D I need to study!


  I hope he hits top form again soon. It is not about who plays or we like him or not, it is about silverware ffs pls


im scared what if rope swing is sad i'll read it when i'm alone so i can cry


so....I got a book on history of porn comics....day made tbqh 8)))


 asi takhle.Vcera mi vbehl opravar do loznice a dotycnemu oboricimuse to bylo uplne fuck.Tak proto ten tweet.


dressed in black, head to toe... I am lying :D My the 1975 t-shirt is white :D today  


2 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 3 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  aw hi :3 I'm glad to know that ^^ I'll go online on skype then and you can write whenever you will want :3


3 of 5 stars to Sniper on the Eastern Front by Albrecht Wacker  many things i want to learn to play on piano aaaa


  holy shit I suddenly realized I missed it :( crazy times man hahah!!


We stop every half hour too, absolutely ridiculous. Just get me to Berlin


 hintayin mo yun device na ginagawa namin.. Wireless motion mouse with mini keyboard :D hahaha


 can we move him to the  roster somehow?


 Haha but now we can with no regrets in the morning


Individuelle Checkboxen ohne JavaScript &gt; Checkbox, CSS, Javascript  Tips to Improve Communication with Employees Without Having to Use the Word 'Bro'  Q ESTO CRITICANDO A 1D, V L CANTE PRA MILHES E FAAM MELHOR obg dnd  One Direction


The Throwable, Panoramic Ball Cam Is Finally Hereand It's Incredible  Vm to zn tak Mexicky? Mn jo! Calor - g-swing    via 


she told me to be a man and l showed her my man parts


Amazing ! I just got 3500 RP code for totally FREE ! Come and download code too    &gt;&gt; RiotPoint.eu &lt;&lt;


I have boyfriend.
Oh wait.. no.
That's a fridge.
Yes, I have a fridge.  


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


So happy that Monica gave Rihanna that award! She was the perfect person for it!


 [htgni tmonrse] (1942) Francis Pierlot, p:mansion c:USA poin: 13


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Ex-Officer Is Cleared in Hurricane Katrina Shooting 


 [ugtho gyu] (1936) Russell Hicks, p:weapon c:USA poin: 9


I have six external drives connected to my iMac. Yay for simplicity.


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Justyna Kowalczyk and Lukas Bauer victorious in classical race  Always. And thank you too.
Stana Katic  


TV Exec: Programme A and Programme B should not be being confused with each other. Please make their openings almost the same.


Relationships are a lot like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave it broken than to hurt yourself trying to put it back together."


 Amen! Same here, though! There definitely is creativity in wine...


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Sold His Soul - An Ocean Of Lights. (Subs Esp)  Perry chyst novou verzi Odd Couple | SerialZone.cz  // r.


  Haha, I thought the same thing when I saw it on your tumblr! ^^


 I don't wanna seem rude, but WHY THE HELL IS  FOLLOWING YOU?!


I'm at lker Sports Arena -  (stanbul, Trkiye) w/ 328 others  lots of blood and beheaded people, yakk 


 not that sad, since i bought all 2PM thingy w my own money, my mom can't do anything about this. i'm quite satisfied bout it lol


Lb se mi video   Easy Nickel And Copper Electroplating Method


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x76


 they are kind of weird/funny/super-cute wich is actually the best combi ever.


Still life photography, pumpkin photography, nature photography, studio pictures, kitchen decor, orange pumpkin, ...  I must confess.. I am in love with your ass! I cant wait to see you on  soon &lt;3


 Unfortunately, the  tips extremely dispersed =( 


Top 10 Archeology Finds in Bulgaria for 2013 -  - Sofia News Agency   LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +n


Trees Capture Particulate Matter From Road Exhaust  via 


  Thanks guys. I can think of more weekend trips than day trips from Berlin to be honest. 


One of my most favorite times in high school were the school retreats. Out in the middle of no where surrounded by woods and days of peace.


Without fail morning or afternoon. Phone, watch, or clock. I always check the clock at 12:34 without prompting.  


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 'Sinister' was released on your birthday. YOU GHOST.


International Guidelines for Problem-Solving /via   Hi Jen! Have a great day! I'm looking forward to some of your Reba pics:)


36 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


What's behind extremist's electoral triumph in Slovakia - Transitions Online  Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Wow! Step Into the Void  a Breathtaking Glass Skywalk in the    we are! Infographic: What You Look Like to a Social Network    


I really be givin my number out but soon as you text you will never get a reply Kmsl 


Today stats: 5 followers, One unfollower and followed 4 people via  security deal with Afghan govt to be signed in timely manner, Hagel reassured
 Sounds like this might be the solution for all performance issues with server agents. Keeping that in mind :)


This Saturday turned out to be of the darkest days of my life. My friend this woman has died. I feel empty         Maleick Park  So next time I want to see your eyes loking at me - not down. Yes? 8^)


Dobrodrustv xChaose a princezny Veroniky (nebo mon polet Lucie?) na Marsu!? The largest rocket ever... erected on launch pad...


Fav for DM? Need to talk with anyone, too bored, huh.


 [mahuira apmtja] (1953) Wahid Chan, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 14


only 3 days!!!!!!!!!!!! than off to  to  with  as  yeaahhh cant wait!! :D


Ale co ekat od kapely, kter chce garanci "from 363 to 216 euros if possible". 


Figured out art of my problem.  According to that silly "mental age" test going around, I'm mentally a 16...   you give them your clothes to wear &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;


 Cyber-athletes? I think that sitting on your ass and pressing buttons is not athletic at all. Not even on Wii or Kinect.


Alkoholu bylo dost! Obracime se k Bohu!    Giveaway]Win A 2013 Nexus 7 Or A Kindle Fire HDX From Handy Apps And Android Police  via 


wow wondering how you'll get home now when the door is locket and there're keys in the key lock


casstor_troy pijedl!  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  have an iPhone 5S and the BiteSMS icon does not appear after installation


 GREAT dominatrixes        


Please vote for  in this Video Shootout, we are loosing now! You can vote every hour!  thank you!


41  Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Very readeable article about MVP or Minimum Viable Product    


Second part of pupping photoshoot, this time in str8 pub :-)


Thousands protest in  capital, demand 'torturers be brought to justice'
 the hell is traffic so hectic today? It's not Saturday, it's not the 1st, it's not ...

Oh. Right. Christmas. That.


Going to be discussing   on the Sat 30th  (Czech TV). Interview about the photo manipulation of Prostjovsk denk.


Motrhead - God Was Never On Your Side   araclyla


+PREORDER+"BOOZE &amp; GLORY +AS BOLD AS BRASS"
We are proud to present the new record of one of the best bands around.  Med Students Hilariously Ask 'What Does the Spleen Do?'  hour to Sempre! I'm sooooo exited. Can't wait!    


I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Christmas Day drive from Budapest to Prague"  sad is it that my favorite part of Fridays is not having to set an alarm?


Not a single word against the killers of 50 thousands  Pakistanis in 


 Jawaban benar: turn of the tide,  16/363517 poin


We have very strict rules about dogs at Wikidi ;)    stats: One follower, 4 unfollowers and followed one person via  Beastie Boys don't want their music in this girl-power parody ad | The Verge &gt;&gt;  glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany :)


 I haven't these smiles :( where can i get them?


 hey, that sounds good. If you can see your friends at weekends, it's fine:) take care and enjoy your weekend!  :))


 Jawaban benar: hollywood extra!,  16/319957 poin


 Have a nice friday too and thanks for voting. :)


 Jawaban benar: the million dollar hotel,  24/367830 poin


Shon is a weed addict. All he is ever worried about is some "tree"


if he beats you up that does not show anything than that he does not love you 


Eating venison pt &amp; pickled sausage. YUM - Drinking a November Brown Ale  Kltern pivovar Strahov -  " there are more opportunities chasing A players, or top talent, than there are A players"  


I can't wait for  to be over. Seriously, the moustaches are ridiculous.     


 True, you can turn them into cupcakes and then eat them :3


Litre of beer and huge plate of meat 10 quid. Prague I love you


We implemented a new registration process   - feel free to register and be one of our first users in the next year.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.31C, Marc 19.69C ac foris 4.81C vre esse.


 I partied my face off and had lots to carry around, 3 days of camping and music :)


Your sound judgment pours from you so smoothly today, you may ... More for Sagittarius   I'll hit you so fast ese that limp you walk with will become permanent.


 is just not made for the everyday use and after people won't anymore want to use fiat currencies, they will go to 


   yea cold war-they are on the wrong side !!!! give me the american menu for fuck sake


 [torbyocke] (2006) Robert Picardo, p:space c:USA poin: 9


 Really love  You're such a badass! Can't wait for next ep!


Llegue... ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 29 others)  Zuckerberg: The Best Thing About Social Media Is Also the Worst  More than 100,000 fans watched yesterday's  Winter Classic -   tweet before the game, don't wanna drive y'all crazy. See y'all in 4 quarters. Roll Tide.


" A nigga said last night on Twitter that Drake was better than Tupac." Lmao he must be sick


Say Goodbye to Desk Dining with New Summer Lunch at GRAIN at Four...   There needs to be a group forum and one committee to take this rubbish airline to court on behalf of all customers..


Feliz Ano Novo             gingerbread latte, 'cause club surfing gets boring fast and we'll have a chance to get drunk on the boat.  exactly?! but i guess i'd just ask no matter what cos i'd know i'd regret it later if i didn;t


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 Why are you writing a letter with your hind-leg?


You niggas hoes, you niggas hoes And I ain't even trippin


This week on twitter: 11 new followers, 4 new unfollowers and followed 11 people via  i got 2 emails like that over night. Not sure if they arent phishing


Fri, 03 Jan 2014, let us all send Jason Marsden the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (39)


Wins does not matter. The important thing is you are enjoying playing the game.


 [oarn's rsscimath ftig] (1989) LaMarr Nielsen, p:elderly c:USA poin: 21


German HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible  


Scientists Identify Genetic Link Between Language Impairment and    


 can you please send me a picture of the page!


Have no idea what to pack for ldn and it's extremely hard bc i'll be repacking stuff into  suitcase on the train :/


Handmade framed  Glass star necklace   


 it is unfair that you guys follow only poeple from studio.  


like
i love almost everyone in the spectrobes fandom but sometimes
SOMETIMES


 [hwo si ruyo ifsh o?tyda] (2006) Xiaolu Guo c:UK poin: 23


The Blacklist - mid season break. The Walking Dead - mid season break. WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS PLANET!


When my friends and I see a handsome guy :)Foto de itsfioleetime  ran across the heath. Yea I wanna run across the Heath too


 Congrats on Player of the Month.....many more of these awards coming your way, keep it up!


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Handmade Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


I managed to take a shower. Now i need to dress up, get up and go to school.


So  builds a car in Wtcc 2014 specs, but with 2,0 l engine, so now it cannot race in  Clever move!


Seismik is happy to welcome a new senior employee - Dr. Zuzana Jechumtlov, on a position Analysis and Research Manager.


 check out my new track "Lowkey" and lemme know what you think  Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  feeling when you don't even know what the fuck you're feeling


 teatr albo imie mamy, taty. no kurde sory. nie jestem belieber, ale takie rzeczy sie wie.


 mobroteam  horsefeathersclothing  ROXY/NoD  meets  Trends and  My new paper published today in   


I've watched "The Empty Hearse" (S3 E1) of Sherlock (via 


 [yrlra oictlnn nad hsi rehcrstao] (1938) Larry Clinton c:USA poin: 31


"Hey, those are my scissors. I take them places with me. I took them to the hotel once." -


 NEXT GIGS 2013/2014 (3 new gigs added) :
* there are 2 dates availbable in 2013,book it NOW !!!

23/11   is caring: Facebook updates Like and Share buttons  memory of Marion Davies who was born on January 3rd, 1897 and died on September 22nd, 1961.


Steam Holiday Sale: Day 3 Flash Sales  22th December 2013:  via 


 uhuh just that from what i'm hearing everyone's grades are dropping and that does sound as if it's harder


2 RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Darlings have you read my    The  award goes to...    D.S.


 algf fo cemyr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: flag of mercy


Pigeon vs Peregrine Falcon - Animals: The Inside Story - BBC:  via 


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


 kaya dapat si teacher ko ibigay niya ang lahat sa estudyante..


Waiting for Hynais ;)  Nrodn divadlo | National Theatre  added a video to a  playlist  Fabasoft Cloud Tutorial: WebDAV-Integration


These are bank notes of Austria's currency before the Euro, the Schilling. I faintly remember some of the designs.  se mi video   White Ranger vs. Scorpion - Super Power Beat Down


Waking up to that Snapchat from  just made my day 


 every dinner as well and it wasn't much either so they got annoyed and stuffed my plate with fruits and a fish and vegetables


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Franco forever!           , please, stop lose weight. You are cute without "perfect" body. Fuck haters, you are beautiful. :)


Colorado Makes History with First Legal Retail Marijuana Sales  - Mozilla Firefox  liked a  video  Jackson and His Computerband - Dead Living Things (Official Video)


A big thanks for the promotions from  and  :)   


Nightmare for news anchors: Madagascars new president, Hery Rajaonarimampianina!  Farley Shines in 'Rob Ford the Movie' Mashup Trailer  after training : Home made delicious goulash by my lovely wife  explanatory you're just here to spread the story


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Attack On Titan ( Shingeki No Kyojin ) Mix


Proud of this --&gt;&gt;  Best Publisher goes to Mail &amp; Guardian  Well done  , and team


         Thanks and 


 mam znmho policajta proto I'm not allowed to have any opinion. :D


Looking forward to maybe being on school videos and wearing manly clothes for the school dance


 this is tricky part, ground is rendered without depth write.  Hyatt Hotel in Hong Kong is pretty fantabulous.


 Smaen kedlubna&amp;vejce se slaninou.      pedstavil recenze v Google Places for Business.  person followed me // automatically checked by  in my dreams, I meet the ghosts of all the people who have come and gone...


Fully confident of a pulling a goal back. Need more crosses into the box.


To trzeba zobaczy! :)  Top 10 Goals of the Year
 4 and Xbox One Compete for Affection on Facebook  via 


Slum Years - Deesense (Music production by Gorka Iraundegi)   i hope you both enjoying your vacations because its freaking cold in czech republic! :D


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Get Ready With Me: Rosy Tint |  Aprilsnow48


"The first snow of the winter in Bergen, Norway"  looks delicious. No wonder I would do the same.


Give me feedback on "PF 2014 for company BonnyPress", a work-in-progress on  ::  This Ylvis Parody Can't Explain Olympic Curling  finished  on  Some recommendations for next game? I have  and  installe.  These are the moments when I wish I had someone to talk to about all my questions. But I'm not sure I do, which confuses me even more.


I have Column on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 Nedved selection is puzzling, but he plays around 27 min per game.


 Jawaban benar: a walk with love and death,  26/360159 poin


  nah, we actually have MUCH better player now :)


bl se konec roku... 2013: The Year in 365 Photographs  |   via 


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


I never thought losing weight would be this easy.  of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 hiiii Harryyyyy8-) you,this song,video and guys are soo perfect!! i loooove you all


F000 (fef nolplu..) | periodo is F800 16uma tempo 21:45ut  Unveils Place Pins, Launches with Four Seasons Hotels and...   Best couple on screen.

Castle/Beckett   


 [e:ohnlrbrwo tinouteirbr] (2001) Antonio Gil, p:mutiny c:UK poin: 23


Mcm org gila aku kat sekolah tadi -.- hahaha I don't know why lew -.-


Leonardo DiCaprio the Movie May Finally Win Him an Oscar  mau tanya, AL nie Anaknya Ahmad Dani or Christian Ronaldo? Habiesna mirip bnget ma Ronaldo. Ganteng,cucok, cool. 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 88


Poslouchej shrnut toho nejlep z roku 2013 dle Fresh Addiction na HipHopStage.cz. Alba, singly, mixtapes... Vl...  let's hope we'll be able to find jobs one day sigh :( *hugs*


I still love you is the saddest fucking sentence in the whole world


I asked a sexy Chinese girl for her number.
She replied, Sex Sex Sex,Free Sex tonight.
I said, Wow!
Then her friend said, She means 6663629.


 Thanks and  Today it's  in Germany. Voting is over, so we have a lot of time for watching  ;)


 Religion Of Peace Try To Show Softer Side With Humane Beheadings  is fat crying. Don't be afraid of those tears. 


new avatar with the cheapest boy in da worlddddd!!!!!! 


 shut up, weak-bastard  will make you suffer like you deserve 


Photoset: "Cest la vie", say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tell. Miluju  review for  - 'Incredibly friendly staff, cocktails tasty and quesadillas t...' -  anyone for this job? German HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible in Prague, Czech Republic  


Photoset: fuckyeah1990s: R.I.P. James Avery (27 November 1948 - 31 December 2013) Youll always be Uncle...  Top 3  Artists: Low Roar (8), Marvin Gaye (1) &amp; Cannonball Adderley (1)   Scandinavian colleagues when it starts snowing  premiers tonight! Tickets are 100 crowns for students, children, and seniors. 200 crowns for adults. Get yours now!


" Oh now ya ass wanna play RT  I'm tryna play cards today" I told y'all let me eat my shrimp basket first lol


   and my nigga   killing us with the hourly group news Loooool


Kan panenka s octem balsamico a okou z Umbrie, rajatov confit
Wild boar loin with balsamic sauce with...  you own Pictures Lab (which you should) I'd appreciate if you could give it a nice rating/review in the Store. :)    have to make street art for design class as well and then stuff for my other art classes. Thank youu!


If my 30 min commute this morning hadnt taken 3 hrs it wouldnt have been so bad


 Outstanding as expected.. can't wait for 24jan.  khan


 I just start camo hat trends.....--------still not cool


A new favorite: Fedde Le Grand &amp; Nicky Romero Ft. Matthew Koma - Sparks (Atmozfears &amp; Audiotricz Remix)(Preview)  really starting to think mfs just tell me shit to shut me up


Get it free: Snapheal Holiday Freebie: Mac App Store Best Of 2012  pes 


"how many stem cells do you take out of the fridge for one assay?" -"none - this is illegal in germany! we can only import cell lines"


Check this nice video invitation for EuroHockey Indoor Championship 2014! It will be more than just a hockey...  memory of Susan Cabot who was born on July 9th, 1927 and died on December 10th, 1986.


 and yet there is an awesome sense of agency. You guys are masters of game design.


 happy christmas eve yeobo. have a great Christmas and God bless you!


My Top 3  Artists: Astronautalis (94), Zvi (24) &amp; Crystal Stilts (20)   was way more fun. Or maybe the dust settled a bit. It was the funniest back when we were voting for mtv stars of the year. Yep.


I just ran 4,24 km  a 6'02'' pace with Nike+.  


Gordon Ramsey faces off with the Muppets, and the Muppets win  tneywt oogd yrase tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: twenty good years


   nice jerseys. Good job designers! I like it


Single most important thing you learn when working at a retirement home: Old people really, REALLY love to give you chocolate.


Swiss Member of Parliament Oskar Freysinger Has Had Enough:  via 


I need to go get my car washed . Black Beauty has a full tank of gas so I gotta make her look nice .


Want to know more about Horizon 2020 in Athens with 250 other participants. The session on GNSS is planned for...    There's a time for ecstasy and it seemed to be their time and it was   to follow the light, that's if there's one that isn't just illusion.


 oh yes, you are. Oh god how I wish to be there


    haha, I just love you, mummy Sammy!! Xxx


JGH &lt;3. That trip back home with ther was sooooooo fun and "scary" T.T


 to infuse with tonka you should use either rum (something light, chocolate-y) or a light (cont)  of my neighbours is singing hallelujah, it's very loud and unfortunately totally out of tune my ears are bleeding


one person followed me // automatically checked by  the real life. Welcome B in our reality.   Wallpaper Library: Episode 16 (High School DxD) - BobisBlog:  ber 


Sick of your day job? Why not try freelancing? "Five Ways to Not Suck at Being a Java Freelancer"  via 


Sucks to know that my writing was inspired by a certain someone. I am not inspired by anything anymore! Damn it!


 my bf is short as well. She's just a bit taller than me so let's begin with the club xD


Sometimes I wish it was possible to use Obj-C in Unity with ARC.


why sending peoples so tiny pics and than still from  aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh


  that's what we find funny, yet quite alarming...


We were   this week! Links nicely to UKTI Central European Healthcare Event in Feb 2014  I know
Hhaha
But I'm so or so eating at this moment nothing
And my dad is not at home so...
Hahha


I woke up and saw myself sa mirror and said "wow ang ganda ko bagong gising!" Oops i didnt get to take out my make up last night! 


Translation Trends 2014 survey, click here to contribute your views:      


Lb se mi video   Afrojack - The Spark ft. Spree Wilson


 [smsi etmp'hsny n-piaz] (1970) Ed Kelly, p:erotic-70s c:USA poin: 21


 Sa Episode 12 haha. I know. Daw ka over sang "Emotional Sensitivity" ko hahaha. :/


Neelie Kroes to launch the EU's 5G Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) association on 17 December -  bo moe przyda si kademu :) A Pocket Guide to Master
Every Days Typographic Adventures  jsem 3 fotek na Facebook do alba Street Artists, watercolor, ink, 29 x 20 cm, 2013  The bigger the gauge, the lower the wage. 


  That was a madness! Probably in our records now   


 we really do ! I'm bout to dm you my number , mook got a party sat .


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  fitbit  for 12/27/2013: 9,841 steps and 7.1 km traveled.  to know how  started? Hint: look here &gt;&gt; "Do You Really Get Classloaders?"  via 


 gdseni rof adnclas tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: design for scandal


New Blog Post: DOC-team-fellowship - I am currently recipient of a three year DOC-team-fellowship of the Austrian ...  acho que poderia carregar mais rapido  The Walking Dead  


seeing all the screwdrivers together made me realise I don't really like Matt's. proving size is not all. ;) I liked John's. simple.


 Jawaban benar: jesus, mary and joey,  20/52370 poin


sometimes we take chances sometimes we take pills 


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


    Can I have a follow or DM please? :) x


Muddy puddle.       Bublava  and I thought we had problems..... The end of big Sam?


 I dont know much about this software,I can only tell you to google'stagelight problems with overruns'or changing to fl studio.


YouTube Takes the Plunge to 4K  But There's a Catch  liked a  video  NEIGHBORS - Official Trailer  (2014) [HD] Zac Efron, Seth Rogen


 I bet you're doing everything you can and I'll be glad to finally get my  even if it is only beginning of 2014. ;)


 He left the island of Empire to see a hunk of what they'd lost. Islands of   you been working abroad? Get your money back!:  via     


Fri, 03 Jan 2014, let us all send Danica McKellar the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (39)


 it could be me, not her bcause she send me corrections, i look it up and rewrite here and there but i had no time so send it


ARTPOP Full Album - Lady Gaga - Deluxe Edition 2013 Leak + Download   Depending on how they're cooked, I really LOVE spinach and courgette. They're my two favourite veggies ever. :)


If you increment counter like this: i = i + 0 you will never receive expected value :)  


Let's have a toast for the douchebags, Let's have a toast for the assholes, Let's have a toast for the scumbags


Merge pull-request of other forks into your own via    


Moyes please follow Everton as the leave Old Trafford tonight....


 Jawaban benar: support your local gunfighter,  29/362016 poin


  1) I'd say give them a chance if this is their first offense. From about 12 on, kids are independent enough to &gt;&gt;


so need to sleep now...and hope I won't kill him tomorrow :)) not the best thing to spend Christmas eve in jail


 I'm off work till January 6, then the madness starts again and continues till my LIVERPOOL TRIP!!


Dear Painfully Slow Day, Please end my misery and set me free for cocktails and wine at   


         Just Announced: Domazlice, Czech Republic - Dec 27 at Trr+Debustrol  I don't hate you. I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be."


I just used  to sing along I Bring You Luv (Love for a Fine Tune mix) by Blu Peter   i have the "korean hangul keyboard"...idk if it's good but for now it'll have to do :3


Eating and Learning at  Turning corn -&gt; popcorn, and leads -&gt; customers 


 great experience!!  thank you for energy what you given to us during your set!!!!  Glad you enjoy it! Just don't play too much Candy Crush!


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 0.25C vre esse.


 when ATom gets back we will get more on both offense and defense. 


Photo: Why Was John McCain In the Ukraine? John McCain was in Kiev to let the Ukrainian people know that...  wait for y'all to hear tho. some updated vibes.


  Lot of regulations involved, for sure, and still mainly driven by the idea of "making your customers feel affirmed".1/2


Yuup &amp; that he making smart moves! RT  I wish people would accept the fact that they not getting the old Kanye back


A festa  nossa The Walking Dead  and Paramore   


I have completed the quest 'Shamanic ritual compone...' in the  game The Tribez.   


9  I love their chemistry.

Castle/Beckett   


 the person who shared it on fb thinks it's a joke....


 [hte eliaglv] (2004) Robert Lenzi, p:woods c:USA poin: 11


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               234


This mother fucker texts me like 7 times a day, does he think I want to talk to him or something? Lol


Watch Live: NASA Astronauts Step Outside ISS for Holiday Spacewalks  haven't written tests using Test::Unit in a long time. It feels like jogging in Cheese Whiz.


but it was only fantasy
the wall was too high as you can see
no matter how hard he tried he could not break free


isolated-hearts: My family and I went to dinner at The Olive Garden. When we began to look over the menu I...  listened to my tunes and looked through the window


Late afternoon in Prague is beautiful.  Hotel Hoffmeister  ethnic conflict could dominate this century: Here is a vision of the future that freaked me out when I rea...  [kuetrboa goetntniviisa] (2006) Jason Henry c:UK poin: 22


How do you watch 20 shows at once i can't even watch 1


 Jozef...yr Twitter bio is impressive so I pressed FOLLOW (-:  I may have a Waste Mngt contact 4U Find me at 2nites 


Stats for the week have arrived. 12 new followers and 13 unfollowers via  that make you remind, photos that remind you laugh (or cry)     dont ask about wealth or love in the New Year,I just beg about health mainly for my mom.


 thats totally allowed i do it every year haha


STATISTIKY  Stely 35:35, zblok. stely 5:5, hity 16:15, buly 27:40.  wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the Lord hath gi  Seagulls. Flock of snails (especially flying) would be scarier though


After two weeks waiting. I finally have it.     let the littleness in others bring out the littleness in you.


Looking forward to listening to the FMs of Czechia and Poland, Kohout and Sikorski, ahead of Vilnius summit.  liked a  video  RELIVE ULTRA EUROPE 2013 (Official Aftermovie)


Congrats   on new fund: Veterans of Where, mobile startup acquired by PayPal, starting angel fund  obsession: The search for a smart pill  via 


Merry christmas to my brothers    


New Lens Scenarios  ... how the Shell experts forecast the future ;-)


Wish you all Good Night my dj bros time Recover :) we did a great Job ! People are all happy ! For One Night they forgot their problems :)


Take a look at pictures from Tuesdays tour with Zuzka...she is excellent!
Michal Cetkovsk  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Chanel N5 reflect your soul ...      tho the CPU is still under 30% usage my computer froze. Maybe it's because SFM uses the GPU to render this, I dunno.


 
..
14. One Direction 
15. One Direction
16. One Direction
17. One Direction
..


While all of your friends might be doing it, dont fall into the trap of a relationship.  average shot time is 13 second for ROS...  


 amen! And + I hate those "holiday" drivers who drive twice a year and are totally unpredictible


 Top 20 Local Search Ranking Factors: An Illustrated Guide. Understand the concept of each ranking factor.


 thats y meroyan nak tgk wyg tp takde duit. tak beli laa just survey harga je. hehe


 Arwwww Baby! Xx love you so much xx
 
Pls pls follow me xx
 xx


Don't Like Klout? 12 Other Ways to Track Social Media Influence and Engagement  via 


I liked a  video  Peter Murphy - Cuts You Up (1990)


 [teh sediartultl ylifma roctdo] (2005) Andrew Ausage c:Australia poin: 29


What will happen with  at  field? ;)  even if you didn't like me, w
Remember where I am from... I do whatever I want :) hahahahhah


She's got a ticket to ride, but she don't caaaaaaaaaaaaaaare


Added a new video: "Original R&amp;B/Soul by Rene Trossman, Featuring Lenka Novotna - I..."...  eosbymod si awngiti tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: somebody is waiting


 Jawaban benar: the rains came,  14/22400 poin  1/329070 poin


From the highest point of Czech Republic.   Goodmorning and have a blessed day.   D.Bird gave me the little bit of juice I have..." me too bruh


awake and dressed before 8 on a sunday morning. the things we do for visiting step dogs.


ALL I'M TRYING TO SAAAAY YOU'RE MY EVERYTHIIIIIING BAAABYYY but everytotpejwuqgslcmclapjwhqlxgpejqnsnfd baby baby


 Also, I thought: lunch = midday. Tea = supper (!) = at ca. 5pm. Dinner = big feast even later, like at 8pm. Not true?


WHY DO I MISS THE BEST HAPPENINGS IN BRNO!??????!???! Amazing performance,    [teh itneiderh] (2009) Yalonda Lisa Reeves, p:college c:USA poin: 13


Oh, is the time has come for my dreams to be heard...


I grew up with the "street thugs" who served The Bankers. I designed  to make you an "army of one." They are terrified of you.


 good morning tashu...so true. I wish you a beautiful weekend. Enjoy it. Wow beautiful profile pic. I like it. ;-);-)


Theres always some books I *want* to read when theyre fresh out but for The Sixth Gun I actually make the time.


 sadly i don't think i'll be able ran that much lol but as long as we're not hurting the boys, it's hard not to lose the control~


You are tempted to write yourself a permission slip today and ... More for Sagittarius  aww... Merry christmas too bee eff eff!! Opo I will!! Tell your parents and bro too nyaha =)) sml sml imy  mwaa!!


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Trip to Prague: Cubism museum in the House at the Black Madonna  moon is no drinker of wine, so I must compensate." - Nick Lantz, from What We Know of Death by...  a Cue From French Horn Rebellion and Embrace Your Inner Band Geek  and by western military junta that toppled democratically elected prez Mursi in Egypt Approves Law Limiting Protests - (1/2)


what's it with me and detailed textures on drawings lately


 When you see me as House sitting at the piano playing, ... thats me. 


 [elummmrass] (1988) Jimmy Hart, p:dog c:USA poin: 10


Photoset: Matou photographed by Ivan Hugo in Tokyo  je to Sherlock holmes 21.stoleti. :) Online na serialycz.cz :)


Create balanced page  - 7 pro tips of Web  | Creative Bloq  an upgrade today... so this is behind me and in front is "heaven"   Letit Vclava Havla |  Artist Creates Custom iPhone Cases With Your Family Portrait  ooops. That was 4 days ago. I scrolled back way too far on your profile.


 asi zanu gifovat :DD *cough cough*  :D Njak nvrhy? Te jdu na lady Winchestaaaa :D


Exclusive Cyber Monday Specials from LulzBot  


 thanks Patrick for playing the song...I'm actually moving on..


Just came from the cinema. I was there with my class..Watched  It was soooo good!! Want to see it once again c:  Ronnie Biggs, the Great Train Robber. Remember the men whose lives he ruined: This morning a spokeswoma...  watchful guardian protects my dreams.     *LOL* You could put it on the fridge amongst your kids' drawings &gt;:-)


I got a    left. If you want it, just comment. I will randomly pick somebody today at around 8 pm.


Liga minha amg falando qe ta vendo a terceira temporada The Walking Dead  


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 3 people via  NOW!!!!  &amp; Parker - Let Your Love Shine On Me

GRAP YOUR...  for the journalist to arrive... (!) another article on the project: www.  can be anything you want to be
Just turn yourself into anything you think that you could ever be
Be free with...  opening drive by Alex Smith and Chiefs. Your turn Mr. Luck 


B000 (buf nolplu..) | periodo is B800 16uma tempo 15:45ut  suho baek yeol yixing. d.o kai luhan kris. tao xiumin sehun chen. omg i hope im not wrong in recognising the faces LOL


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 23


i want to delete you from my life, but at the same time i want to fall asleep in his arms


Ethiopia:  Addis Ababa residents fill local hotel lobbies to take advantage of the free Wi-Fi -  harvested 490 of food!    


24 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Just posted a walk in 0:00  with  Check it out!  


A writer must surround himself with books worth reading. If none can be found, loose women and strong drink will suffice.


 Any chance you could RT our 3v3 bo3 $5 entry tournament? You know we are legit because you played in one of our games :)


Step 1: Try not to cry. Step 2: Lay down on the floor. Step 3: Cry.  young a jeho 360spin layup bude v shaqtin a fool // kobe vyzeral v dnesnom zapase velmi hrdzavo a vobec nie 100% sam seba ohodnotil "F"


Uploaded "Visual Nature's  Traum-Set's  - Melodic-Tape ONE" to   listen now!


My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.' - Mitch Hedberg 


 ah are you visiting pilates?:3 it's not your fault..it's because of the stupid nightmares.. you'll go next time :)


Blahopejeme vtzm       - "Like A Rolling Stone" -  Official Interactive Video! Watch now:  now gives you the ability to deny your sensitive data to apps:  did the dinosaur walk on two legs? To give the ants a chance.


I've collected 7,965 gold coins!    


 [edpe srteces] (1996) Anni Domingo, p:gangster c:UK poin: 12


Thats why I need you to hear, I've found a reason for me, To change who I used to be, A reason to start over new, And the reason is you 


        DAWN HEIST - Video zu Escaping The Cornucopia online :  In The Cloud: How Google Docs Are Revolutionizing The Classroom  via 


&lt;3 Directioners  One Direction  Best Song Ever    One Direction


Forget about Amazon. Meet Googles Robots. - Google Robots: Move Over Amazon  Placebo yesterday in  Photos:     me like a joke and i'll leave you like it's funny..


16  Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


The Homeless Veteran Who Was Transformed In A Viral Makeover Video Has Been Arrested  jngn galau, futsal cm bntrn dia~cepcep*senyum* | gua : siapa yang glau si wang;'D, iya:p | awang : wkkwk bsk ketemu:D|gua : *-_-*


 follow us to show ur hate towards d bitch tanisha who has nothing else other than a rich proudy family


Does anybody know why  11.1.1 shows dates with extra spaces in  and how to disable it?


 i know. You will never follow me or even notice me! That really makes me sad :( but i love you so much! 


 Jawaban benar: gangland bangers,  16/360464 poin


Asi usnu, a to me ceka jeste dalsi prednaska od 16:15. Hello, coffee. 


   needs to bloody well play Red Dead, not faff around in minecraft! Also, I need server deets!


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


If you dont say it you're just downright disrespectful.


  Game of Thrones, Minecraft edition  to watch it. just like I have the choice not to read it, everyone else, incl. the creators of the show, should have the same choice.


7   RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


 bruh how much for tha ft. Real shit hmu or contact dusmnent757


I made a new achievement: `For best...`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


 canr a,amck eilb camor tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: crna macka, beli macor


 ...youngin..where u at?.. might link up wit busta 4 a young bit cos kid is jetting back thursday mornin..


Drinking a Magners Irish Cider by   Lion &amp; Ball Sport Bar   I didn't comprehend most of the English vocabulary...


ANALYSIS: Contaminated water flowing into ocean despite Abe's claim
 (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut  se mi video   Good Charlotte - My Bloody Valentine (Live in Cologne)


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Brewsta's Burgers 2013, my annual ranking of all the burgers I ate this year should be coming out this week.


Charles Bukowski on one  of the "criminally neglected writers of the 20th century". Do you know John Fante?  the right platform approach with the appropriate  and analytics architecture"  Pandore &amp; Wicked Music invitent Kassem Mosse  Cabaret Alatoire - 16/11  There is nothing to hurry... Enjoy the time without responsibility etc.


  In that photo I look so much like an old, bald and manlier version of my dear, departed mother that it frightens me.. :-)


I'm glad I have closet as my room. I almost don't have anything here, so I don't need to clean up so often.


Music Discovery Service ExFM Closing Site, Apps in January - Peter Kafka - Media - AllThingsD  Jagr has never scored against  Lundqvist in NHL. Maybe at practice when they were teammates in  Tonight?


gonna record a new DJ mix this week, it's been far too long. hold tight. and producers send me tunes if you want!


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Call of Duty Ghosts info video mit [Facecam] HD 720p


Thu, 05 Dec 2013, let us all send Johannes Heesters the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (110)


 Hey, I'm at work now but I'II checking out later. I write my feelings. 


Tak si pobrecime, co rikate? Antony &amp; The Johnsons - Bird Gerhl  in Davos (SUI) :) do you know any better place for XC skiing today?  couldn't ask for better idol-he is perfect to me! So PLS VOTE for him! Ian Somerhalder     [eht himtgy] (1929) Jack Pennick, p:friendship c:USA poin: 10


Heading down the freelove highway  by  


I asked you for one more miracle. I asked you to stop being dead.

I heard you.


House Votes to Extend Law Banning 3D-Printed Guns for 10 Years  [ajar] (1995) Paresh Rawal, p:love c:India poin: 4


I just skyped with these two lovely folks and had a wonderful convo ^_^  smartest wallets Ive ever seen     


Posloucham novy  a rikam si, ze treba zase nekdy bude vsechno aspon na chvili OK. 


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


 [fgronie riuigetn] (1951) Keve Hjelm, p:suitcase c:USA poin: 16


That was a flop by Varejao. This guy really should be seated for a month without pay to understand "NO FLOPPING".


I'm grateful for the relaxation, calm, knowledge, new experiences, emotion and joy which brings me your books writers. 


I'm gonna start tweeting as hell now, but just for attention!


 I did not knew that he was in such a state. I'm sorry that I just yet saw it. I would have prayed so hard too if I knew D:


Fatboy slim in          with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Goodbye, Paul (Bingo Players)! I'll never forget you and your work...I think about my beginning to be a DJ in...  ready for a meeting with our Personnel Office and our director, who smells bad. Should be "interesting". :/


lol lidi na facebooku vsichni RIP Paul Walker a znal ho tak 1 z 50, at mlci radsi.


Cvien pro Corel Draw - logo Monster:  prostednictvm 


No, please play your music louder so everyone can hear.


 [rfeateh yob] (2004) Tasha Bertram, p:old-age c:UK poin: 11


NeilMed sinus rinse kit to ease sinus and asthma trouble:    


Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and 1 unfollower via  so we will see, im not ecig smoker, but i think they are no worse than normal cig.


please say hi to Czech Republic :)* ( live on  me or not, this is "salt and pepper"...
   Kolonial  TIAAA! Good night!!! Ya son las 7:06 am acaaa!! Hahahahahha! 


Google wants me to know that it's 9min to the  store in  Thinking I should make it a 3-peat and go back tomorrow.


I honestly don't care , it's never too late to Turn Up !


  im watching it while baking. switching adam and oliver :-))))))))


My system drive on Mac keeps renaming to "5szstemroot5szstemsecmd.exe" :-o that looks like some nasty malware :-o


 yes that was the winter special. Oh and those fries.... :)


 how about this?  it's Scooter, but it has VEELA in it &lt;3


That was amazing.
Do you think so?
Of course it was. It was extraordinary. It was quite extraordinary.


I'm at Zdrava vyziva U Meninske brany (Brno-Msto, Jihomoravsk) [pic]:  at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 5 others  love so much how, in just six minutes, Paul McGann got a chance to be properly Doctor-y"  Pete Dillon-Trenchard  (via Dolly Castro All Hip Hop Models (3) | All Hip Hop Models)  film Lawrence z Arabie - tituln role Peter OTool  se priznat, ze rapacky terminus technicus "certifikovany gangster" mi dlouho nedaval smysl. Az doted.


Twitter- where the voices in my head rarely answer back.



 wednesday but we're leaving on tuesday. Not ready at all nervous as fok and with mind full of other....things tbqh ;;;;;;


Dropping an iPad on your face hurts more than your phone does lol


this is so fucking on also bc he wears the same jacket as niall i jcutajdsgjhf


 Siwon-sshi, did you receive CZECH ELF PROJECT? It was handed to your staff in London. It's very important to us! 


 example: the difference between The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit.


AMAZING!!!! Jean Claude doing split standing on 2 moving trucks. I still have weak spot for JCVD :-)   via 


 [rde mlephpiirsru] (1937) Max Bozyk, p:village c:USA poin: 16


Every knee on earth will bow at the name of Jesus...this is a prophecy being fulfilled as we speak!


Woowww kk :s RT  his nipples are bigger than my future  Angeles County sheriff retiring after accusations of civil rights violations and corruption
 my spanish teacher! She's from Spain &amp; she's so different! She inspires us instead of yelling, supporting instead of punishing..!


  Im happy with Pocket Casts, but Im looking forward to Overcast nevertheless.


Evening Briefing: A shocker for Ed Balls: This is from the  Evening Briefing. Sign up to get it d...  page 336 of 464 of Tiger's Destiny, by Colleen Houck  Thickness Measurement System for Hot Rolling Mill in       is looking better than ever! Check out   We promote is LOVE &amp; UNITY !!! Check out what our breddren Baron Black has to say about that !!! We stay in...  i can't even listen to the song it makes me cry rivers and i'm not even kidding


Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy l


 it wasnt bad :) I learned a few new tricks XD but there wasnt really a lot of snow


"Happy cows returning to the pasture after a long winter in the cow shed"  photo Pablo Munini Photography
Thank you for your picture. Paristep.  Pictorial 2013:May-August  wth      


 Bose SoundLink Mobile Speaker 222 / Toshiba Satellite Notebook 399 / Samsung Serie 5 Notebook 888.  time has come to celebrate  and a successful year 2013 at  
 via 


 hmm theres the hd option luh LOL. but this one not the full thing leh! dont have wolf perf


"Dance is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life."


+1 RT  On my bog. IBM Connect: Where's the meat?  [cslddepai penosr] (1985) Tom Espiner, p:soldier c:USA poin: 16


"The Asian pivot should not be seen as a pivot but as opportunity for  and  to work together."  Basora(


 hi jai. It'd mean the world to me when you follow me   32


Dramatic Pictures of Dogs Pooping | Friday Foto Funnies   


So  Simply amazing comes on on our playlist. My girl just looks at me like 'wish I was dating Trey Songz'...


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 ls


 [hte rllkei lteei] (1975) Hank Hamilton, p:pursuit c:USA poin: 16


The Government of the Republic of South Africa: Deny future entry to Melissa Bachman.  via 


It's 6am and I am so not ready for school.... Btw Good morning everyone! Hope you'll have a perfect day :)


Handmade Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


I have Dzu's Bust on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 We tried and seems that it goes well:-) Thank you!  


 n, e bych nebyl in-love with  ale mm driving 


A beautiful quote from Nelson Mandela after 27 years in jail. (via   new favorite: Liho  BergWacht Artheater Cologne 02.11.2013 by BergWacht  on 


Today's outfit        few days I reinstalled my VPS 5x.I try every ways to setup php and ruby on   everything works for the first time.


 [in eadiln fo medrru] (2004) Caroline Catz, p:prison c:UK poin: 19


I had no idea weapon guy was still alive. bye bye then. thanks for nothing.


Radio Prague - Ten renovated Czech synagogues to reopen next year  via 


 TI  Republic to be interior minister. Perhaps the new coalition is serious about tackling 


the DI is not very fond of shaving is he. but Olivia Colman is a joy. her and Tennant is a great combo! :)


A New First  A Real Time Processor for 3D Printers  


 I'd give it a couple more years before that would be true.


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Middle Of The Road - Sacramento [HQ stereo]


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 of course:) I'll be glad. How to say of course?


Waiting for my tram and pissed at myself for not buying wool-lined gloves at     


 I sorry to hear that Damon I hope you get better soon


Available now fot all business class passengers.  I'm in Love, with my beautiful Eva and also with Spotify :) &lt;3  Friday I'm In Love  The Cure  


asi my dogs shd vae. they only bark at white people. talk abt being racist


You never got a plan b, just plan to go broke like that.


I just uploaded "90s EuroDance Mix - IQ " to Mixcloud. Listen at  Just wanted to inform you that the czech translation in your last episode was wrong. 


The saddest thing right now is the fact that I get up in less than three hours.


Cute Jo Willy :)) RT  Welcome back to Perth  :-D  


  Okay sure. Ash is going to fetch for one for sure hahaha


 oh thank fuck! Miley doesn't deserve to hold hands or be in the presence of Rihanna!


I've collected 26,900 gold coins!    


35  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


  cnd syggg:* lagian gamudeng dr awal, kn gue blgnya lo yg dianter haha._. jgn dimasukin hati yaaa mwah!


 Congratulations for your brother and his wife.. you will be amazing uncle Max :)


Me &amp;      you're so kind ,nice &amp; pretty          robbo do you have a European grandparent! We need your runs! 


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


right. will calm the fuck down and finish a topic. I knew studying today would be hard but this is getting ridiculous. you better work bitch


I posted 29 photos on Facebook in the album "Dobrovolnci MFDF Ji.hlava 2013"  not stop listening to      


Setti house At Muhallah Sathian Peshawar built in 1834  of Thrones The Rains Of Castamere (Lannister Song Extended):  pes  astn a vesel vem followers!


Winter is coming but we never stop rolling  Our CLASSIC Bike Tour rides goes at 11:30 from Nov 16-March 14.
Take...         APE (Ajax Push Engine) :: Comet server :: Real time data streaming (Technologie, Programovn)    mohli by ste niekto pls checknut  ci ten proces funguje?  They say nothing lasts forever, we'll have to prove them wrong. "


thinking of livestreaming but everyone's still asleep hmm


Excuse me..i'm the star.  Ronov  intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows."

Dwight D. Eisenhower


1 hi to my best girl &lt;3 Kahit saglit pa lang tayong magkakilala, love na love kita. Sana magkita na uli hihi love you mwa x


Remember Betamax? Sony CEO Highlights Company's Failures at CES  gimme the next gen console you treating it foul


No.18  2013 advent calendar - Imperial Biker Scout Trooper   I am sorry, this is past my vocabulary level. What?!


Thankyou ko,gapapa :D  happy birthday and wish u the best yah, maap telat


Handmade framed  Glass bow earrings.   


Have a safe day to all you busy bees out there. Harm and Danger can be easily avoided if you take deep breaths and sit for awhile.


 Needless to say, that AC4 looked really weird yesterday so if it will make other games seriously 1080p60FPS that would be great


Gucci handbags Stores, Newest Styles,72% Off,700+Selections,Free Shipping!


I liked a  video from   Religious Stupidity 2014


 ...greating from saxony germany...ich freu mich schon darauf :-)


 Hope Matt will be back on track! :) Cool personality - would love to meet him and you one day! :)


A new favorite: Lost In Paradise (Preview) by   on 


Can You Guess Famous Simpsons Quotes From Just a GIF or Freeze-Frame?   The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


First Samsung delivers the updates very late, and now they cause problems. This is not good.


Soviet animations of Winnie the Pooh Created by the Innovative Animator Fyodor Khitruk  not gonna stop  from building a new rec. At that get them funds back.


 Parros is back in lineup after 9 games tonite against  Does he want revenge against Orr? Btw - Habs lost all games w/ Parros in


 5th International Symposium on Transparent Conductive Materials  gonna be tryna play tackle after the first renig too Lmao.


"Hi, I'm Martin! Its my job to explain to you what it's that the people here at Keboola actually do..."  also the tweet text shouldnt change much. Same link with different text is like a trap. I have to guess if I have seen it already.


What for a wonderful Christmas present. 13.555 subscribers / 5.040.118 klicks. Thank you for your support...  is foreverrrrr    thank you santa  for my perfect accessory cases!! Life is soooo  harvested 1,707 of food!    


Don't think I've ever used a full bottle or creme or perfume or a full Chapstick


ter 12.11. - Dj Karlos &amp; Ladie's Night

Bastila club zve vechny sv fanynky na tern Ladie's Night.

Dvky,...  - kdyz ponizky tak poradny!     Fellplatz vylit mrdky  Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


 oh! that IS very dark. yeah I didn't see this one first for sure. but I have seen it before. so this was the introduction then.


 i could listen to this song for the rest of my life it's so good


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by   My favourite couple. RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


Matthew Perry and Peter Hitchens clash on Newsnight over drugs policy  via 


I have all the respect in the world for good CGI, but  simply has a certain magic that no computer can create. Ever.


"A ladybird on a flower
" - Lothar Seifert via    (via Beautiful Black Women With Curves and/or Thick - page 25 - Beautiful Black Women Pictures -...  at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 38 others  sets his sights on league leaders Arsenal  via 


SAFE 14%  - latex catsuit Matrix FREE made to measure &amp; optional chlorinate  jedin pedsevzet (esky to nevyzn):
I will continue to fight the Resistance. And I will win.
Kdo etl Turning Pro a War of Art, ten v


Lego Technic - Three Wheeler inspired by Morgan (Updated Version):  prostednictvm 


A small step for Stevenage, a giant leap for mankind: British universities and industries are at the cutting e...   e-course is ready! $39 for a buttload of tips, tricks + insight on how to fund your vision!  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


 il be back in oz the 8th then hopefully get over for Australia Day or something


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  won't fade away like the ones before i won't let you down we'll leave them miles away i know your heart's been torn 


Terminator RT " Lefty loosey, righty tighty at the  valve task. Nice work, Team TROOPER!  favorited a  video  KUNG FURY Official Trailer [HD]


I've collected 18,775 gold coins!    


Managing your erratic energy is quite a challenge today, but i... More for Taurus  United's Danny Welbeck must copy Wayne Rooney says boss David Moyes       Have a nice day too :)


Hey     you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


 Jawaban benar: out of courage 2: out for vengeance,  35/2868 poin


Where are my headphones?
*Looks across the room* 
Meh, I didn't need them anyway


Mam nowy ulubiony film w   Perfect Progressive &amp; Uplifting Trance May 2013 | Mix    [p:lyboya cbeerltyi fdrtsonlece] (2006) Shannon Tweed, p:beauty c:USA poin: 30


Stanene - Will 2-D tin be the next super material?  via  


 flight BUD-PRG and not even a glass of water for passengers. And this isn't a budget airline. Strange.


Mon, 16 Dec 2013, let us all send Joe Absolom the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (35)


 [ojhynn regae] (1941) Emory Parnell, p:gangster c:USA poin: 12


Effective Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
 just love these photos by Irena Brozova on   Mostly from Czech Republic. 1 taken really close to my home :-)


Louis Vuitton Handbags Official Website 65% off sale Find our Lowest Possible Price!$199 Free Shipping. Buy Now!    Success, like love, is always hanging close Can't be thrown and tied   Thought HAL browser makes clear that the actual format (plain HTML pages in this case) doesn't matter as long as it's addressable


Kuuuum happy birthday ya enci. Semoga sehat dan bahagia selalu 


 any plans to release  2.1.10 soon? There is yet another  security bug in 2.2.1 but 2.1.10 should be ok.


Been telling folks that I'm taking my wife to a romantic anniversary getaway Jan. 2-3. She's starting to get my chest cold. James 4:13-17?


  really enjoyed my first ever episode of I'm a celebrity!!!  xxx


   Either hes mad or just doesnt get it


 in  is venue that kindly hosts   by  a few days participants will work hard here!  [rsncee sett  (1965) Ronald Tavel c:USA poin: 14


 Aaah, I understand. We only had a talk. Haha, and it was like a quiz :D I failed a lot but my cv was awesome for them :D


  with that logic, you'd have to pool the entire jailbreak section. Not like they're giving anyone permition...


Beautiful afternoon with chocolate and  :)) Love it!


  this one goes out to  movember moustache maestro!


After the first promo video about Croatia called "emotions" we bring You the second part - "Active holidays &amp;...  attempt at some  /  Christmas decorations alongside the usual snowflakes!  final Black Friday week offer is half price velvet drawstrings! These are current stock and we are offering a...  Bobby alongside Fergie, shaking his head in disbelief after the FT whistle. Sad times.    


Nedle 29.12. - Dj Cuba 6 - Party Chill Out Cocktail Zone

Music Party Mix 2013 - n Dj vm zahraje ty nejlep...  be right at Alana on this jawn , she dont want it 


 too late : c
It's Troye, but I will use your one too
I like it C:


     We out here dusumnentertainment      disappointed if we don't... But  it will be amazing even if we don't :-)


 oo nga no. Iba kase ang inc. nila eh. May 1.0 pa kaya ang scary.


Ayoo yang mau seru2an bareng ASL lain dan Alyssa Soebandono silahkan join di Meet&amp;greet kami. Cek favorite yaa:)


" Hrm. Temporary network account has expired. Guess today is a thumb-twiddling work day." haha!


  So how do you find the ones that are? Or do you give up entirely?


Thanx  for extraordinary account  ... so strange!


"The person theyll become". I am always trying to hire "future perfect people" and it works, really.  Are you now in an official relationship with Barbara Palvin. xx 


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  called 'the law of inverse relevance': the less you intend to do about something, the more you have to keep talking about it."


 for today: for i in `ls`;do ffmpeg -i $i -y -strict experimental `echo $i | awk -F. '{print $1}'`.mp4;done   webm files -&gt; mp4


  I have to do the essay for CJ and study geography and finally finish decorating my room and print the stupid things to school


I liked a  video  TURN ME ON - CONSOLE WARS (Nicki Minaj Parody)


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


 maybe he'd tried his best.But know what u're talking about. saw that film but in Rus. Old but excellent one!


Crowd-sourced code reviews on daily practice problems.  // via 


 [bxo leedr] (2008) Chad Haas, p:friend c:USA poin: 9


I don't care what other people think, but I never stop believing in Larry..  :'33 x53


I'm at Centrum ern Most -  (Praha) w/ 5 others  police officer has been shot (in Leeds). It really is high time that all UK police get armed, for their and the public's protection


Number crunching for the past week - 5 new followers and 2 unfollowers. Stats via  ohh thanks for saying that I really thought that is you :D


Which movie? "Nobody follow us or I kill myself and then her!"


"  Hopefully actions follow those words   Pretty please !!!!


 xD to be honest, for the most part of today I had no clue which day of the week it was! Which just goes to show how much we


 you're not the 6 th the sexiest men you're the 1 th the sexiest men on the planet ever!


    Yeah just wake me up when a high roller starts!


for friends who will go to China. bit complicated yet free of charge. Rare to find the english tuts for goagent.  most astonishing pictures of 2013 | Mail Online  comprehensive list of Cydia tweaks and their iOS7 / 64bit compatibility -  All is well! Trying to get this awesome project funded. Please check it out!  [troniugc yrnectuo] (1997) Khameelah Sharp c:USA poin: 17


"The left side of my screen is littered with forgotten Facebook games picked up in moments of true desperation."


I liked a  video  A Message To Humanity - Charlie Chaplin - [Extended Version / Re-Cut Max Bryan]


My team has won on ' Korea - Waterfall'! Join us!    


 [betalt nassiott] (1956) William Bendix c:USA poin: 15


Netusim,jak to v Huawei udelali,ale baterka  je nesmrtelna... Od rana jsem od nabijecky a ma porad 70%... Teprve druhy cyklus 


Y'all gonna hear other projects before you hear that tho. 


" Never cry for someone who hurts you, just smile and say "thanks for giving me a chance to find someone better than you." boom."


Le Grill is that rare type of Prague restaurant with an elegant design, an intimate atmosphere, and world-class...  18th with 16 paid in the NLPLO8 turbo.  finished 2 spots from the money last night.   


I liked a  video  Linkin Park - What I've Done (Transformers)


Cameron's internet filter goes far beyond porn - and that was always the plan  Social Media Tips To Start 2014 Off Right  via 


If you hold on to life when there is nothing to hold on: this is living!


My girlfriend celebrates Hanukkah. I celebrate Christmas. Here is our holiday...    and I'm with you but MS is the Super Bowl winning head coach. Position requires higher level of leadership


Favourite Interior in Prague: St. Nicholas. The Baroque church is now a Czech Hussite, finished in  so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x48


 [mrnceoa no the ghih aess] (1948) Douglas Kennedy, p:pantomime c:USA poin: 24


  Jealous ;_; (And I thought today would be a Code-day and I was updating this page for like every 5 seconds XD)


This site doesn't care if you're on an iMac or a motherfucking Tamagotchi.  03 Jan 2014, let us all send Josephine Hull the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (128)


 Yes, I hope the big ones like  and  do so.


 haha I want one just to have it. I don't think I could wear it or stand to have my bf wear it... unless his name is Mark lol


  What year are we living in? Women's floorball is not a sexy sport for general audience. But it sure has sexy players.


 [lrace lla re!isw] (1933) Rolfe Sedan, p:reporter c:USA poin: 16


  check how he ended up :(  Yes, I know :(


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               2


Went to McDonald's for an annual McRib, was not let down by their attention...   Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


 When I couldn't help the poor souls in agonizing pain when One Direction turned into proper rock.  *There is usual movie premiere pic* *Then there is The Hobbit cast at movie premiere*  [eth ghsot fo t.s e'hiaslcm] (1941) David Keir, p:school c:UK poin: 26


How can I move on when I'm still in love with you?
lagu the girl who can't be moved buat...  aduh Ya Allah.... :')  Mama Kakak Angah and Aidil. You guys make me strong. Tenang gila sekarang ni. yeay!


the dude who said that it is a book by a man who just survived a trauma is so spot on. that's exactly what it is.


Google acquires boston dynamics. Update your robots.txt accordingly.


 "Accessible source", patents and source for non commercial use only? C'mon guys! Remember where you started!


 scrolling in  now much more better, but still little bit laggy... 


'Lady of the thorns' for  group. I guess it's pretty obvious what book series I'm reading right now.  Jawaban benar: sticky fingers,  14/369490 poin


Hoping to get airplay/interview on The Darryn Yates Show on CBS Sports/920am! Like &amp; Post on their wall!   I'm not sure which of these questions is the worst one. They're all pretty bad.


 and they are with marshmallows *__* i wanna try them now but at the same time to save them for tomorrow


Hello thursday! replenishing my katawang lupa with this instant Lemon water and tuna bellpepper for  person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  minds have purposes; others have wishes." - Washington Irving


Carp and potato salad... A truly Czech Christmas  Restaurant Lv Dvr  Was ist bloggen wert?    via  


On day  3 - after 30 groups on stage I need some strong coffee


 before  tonight     fuck with us        Battlefield 4.  got my english test back and its a very good mark.... I have 36 points of 40 points. :)


 [eht glir ofrm ior] (1939) Harry Strang, p:arson c:USA poin: 17


Fell asleep while watching Moby Dick yesterday. Hoping to finish it right now


 i have been living happily in d'Niall in our lovely town of pindl but i'm ready now 


thanks for all the support this year !
FREE DOWNLOAD :
  stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  at Sportovn hala - Gymnzium Rokycany (Rokycany, Czech Republic)  Allah, allow the Qur'an to be our companion in Paradise; and make it a protection and barricade between us and the Hellfire. Ameen"


Accountability breeds response-ability. -Stephen R. Covey


Lb se mi video  od autora   IT RUKY! - The Walking Dead Season 2 - Part 4.


The Genius Ways Beijing Drivers Get Around the City's License Plate Lottery  what the inspiration was for my latest Stardoll Scenery, "Nuda"?  knows where to find a studio apartment in Prague for a decent price..? a friend of mine is looking for one...


I bloody hope Dappy goes 1st! RT " I don't think Liz will go being paired to Dappy now 


 oelv acn eb redurm tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: love can be murder


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


The copyright industry should brace itself: the Kim Dotcom saga isn't over | David Fisher | Comment is free | t...  have you any private twitter or an ask.fm account? please answer harry its very important for me .. xx


  he brought us here so give him a chance. I believe he is aware &amp; knows where is need to improve.


  ohhh and definitely not under 6GB of RAM! if u have shitty RAM its slow and crashing!!!!!!!


Today stats: One follower, 7 unfollowers and followed one person via         ipod alr but nv put on earpiece ._. Mondays shld nv exist.


I know who to call whenever I just wanna get away.


for some reason I am losing all of my followers        


SELAMAT HARI RAYA MAAF ZAHIR DAN BATIN :) . SAYA NAK MENGAMBIL KESEMPATAN INI UNTUK MEMINTA ...  raya dh lepas o.o  of death: couldn't decide who his favourite band was


Hi Ben,really glad you still comunicate. I am a big fan of motorcycles but yours I will be even when youre not in the paddocks! 11 forever!


9 Vintage Czech Green Textured Glass Buttons by prettyinprague2  via 


Should have been Roy and Hayley getting naughty in the bridal suite


For the Love of Books is having a show some love giveaway!!  agsrttih ttuao yowodnl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: straight outta lynwood


 Should have called it out a while ago not after the match was played sorry


In memory of Victor Borge who was born on January 3rd, 1909 and died on December 23rd, 2000.


Life has never been easy. I'm drained, but not giving up.


sighs why do i have so many typos and grammatical mistakes in tweets kill me


Re-live Cosmic Gate and watch over 20 minutes of video footage shoot from the FOH during Transmission The Machine...  hey Mat! Are you available for an interview? I really like your show and I wanna write in my blog about it. You've got mail!


Oh hell no.  One of the most ugly guy in Cz send me a message. Fuj. :-$ just ugly


 finished 2nd series of Luther. Prime Suspect, just watched 3 coz of Capaldi. will watch more but not in the nearest future.


Nexus+7+%282012%29+Black+Case+with+Stand+Function%2C+Magnetic+Sl...   


 quality job on the handrail.  Cheers mate  can't believe you spit on jasmine hahahaha I can't stop laughing omg  HAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA  in: I have 2 new unfollowers and 2 followers in the past week. Breaking news via  week on twitter: 5 new followers, 7 new unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Look at whats on       me?
Apparently it's against the law to chin the Chief Superintendent.


 Jawaban benar: and so they were married,  24/320228 poin


... new Vintage Flaneur with some accessories by Frieda &amp; Elly made with Plauener Spitze - seit 1890  you doing anymore tours soon? I miss your dancing!


.... RT " Just a few of many occasions where Rihanna has been caught copying Rita Ora's style  isebdr fo ctrshi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: brides of christ


My thoughts are stars I can't fathom into constellations


Anonymous asked: Taolay isn't a thing! lol sorry I really want that report because I just don't see it :/  [cdure mpicta] (2006) Richard Heinberg, p:population c:USA poin: 12


 everything was untouched mah LOLOL. think the plastic bag grew dust


Just did this workout: Simple Yoga Stretches in Workout Trainer by   is doing a lot of wet, sad eyes acting here. which I enjoy. he really did grow into a great actor (compared with his early work).


In 3a's I got asked for id, he told me I wasn't old enough, told him I am and then he said oh yeah you're 20 in a few days.. No mate, no


I was about to try and skype my mom to wish her a happy birthday, but she's in Costa Rica. I don't think she will need my wishes....


 Jawaban benar: woman of the north country,  26/322038 poin


 Guten Abend! (Thats german and means good evening!)


I knew its 42 and you guys said I am a lunatic !! :D  song "Untrust Us" od Crystal Castles? Tak tohle je verze od Londnskho dtskho sboru Capital Children's Choir  gonna be +11 tomorrow. And sunshine. And new perfume. And new coworkers. And new black shirt. Love it! Living my life! Joing me :)


Happy New Year!  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  earrings with glass beads and chains, Czech Jewelry   


I remember the day u were born.. and have watched you from being a lil brat ..lol.. to a feisty teenager ( ready...  tells me not to love you but my heart says just forgive you tun tun tun tun tunnnntz tuntz tunz


Enigma Nazi encryption breaking won The WW II..  gave Allies the edge across half the globe, helping them defeat the Italians in (1/3)


being super domestic and actually making a turkey for the group this thanksgiving 


I've collected 11,095 gold coins!    


lingohub Daily is out!  Stories via   


really don't know what's worse than having to take down the Christmas tree


okay. our head judge just looks really good for his age. coz apparently he's 56. we have Really Ancient people on it too. ;)


 can i be like a recurring character or something similar


result of yday storm. abd it's still snowing here a little.  me don't like it but I know one crazy  [het astignc hccuo] (1923), p:hollywood c:USA poin: 17


so to all my friends,  and  fans all over the   !! healthy and lucky   2/2


Trends and challenges in travel analytics -  


Had a lil session today with my mother, listened to  albums again.


50  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


'Doctor Who' Meets 'Sherlock', Internet Explodes  you're living the good life already, you don't need a New York trip lol


you got used to being alone, alone, all alone you adapted, now youre used to (forgive me for you) being alone


this pose remind me of abracadabra mv dirty eyed version lol "  !      .   como visto White Collar - 5x2 - Out Of The Frying Pan    


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  amazing  RT " Other picture of Zac Efron at Gelsons in Los Feliz  Vibrator - Top Quality =&gt;Get it here:
   


 Hmmm, I cannot see who has retweeted posts released through your service. Just the little arrow pops up, no list of activity :-(


 Oh dear. That's no fun but I guess there's no way around it. Hope you can find some fun in doing those things. ;)


     Thank you all so much!!  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               34


 It was last year :3 I broke my neck doing that wee.


Wishing my Queen  Happy birthday. Hope you're having a really enjoyable day surrounded by  Jawaban benar: guns n' roses: welcome to the videos,  36/327677 poin


             harder you try to help, the more it'll backfire on you.


" omfg   I'm still completely shocked at how accurate this is. MY LIFE EVERYDAY OMG


After busy days and chaos in stanbul, today  was taking a day off.      it made my mobile life easier. Don't have to cram out phone for everything


My dog just went crazy barking , you know what that means ? Santas here


Why the fuck does Celestia SRSLY have such an Molestia Face?!


I think I've watched 9 continuous hours of scandal today 


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  
Awwww thanks my sweetie,wish you the same.Have a nice last Day&amp;wish you a happy new Year.Love you                about being creative, doing things differently and helping each othe!" :)   


Bakit sa tuwing gagawa siya ng gawaing bahay galit siya? Wag na lang kaya siya gumawa. 


Gianni gone make me stab her in the throat and twist it until her organs fall out.


It is fun going to school after 4 hours of sleep
C: I should do it more often.


Hopefully I have found some cough medicine that actually works


Apparently something as innocent as browsing the Facebook website can go horribly, horribly wrong.  via 


 Playmates         


 [a owl wdon ryitd hmeas] (1994) Corwin Hawkins, p:drugs c:USA poin: 22


 Oh sorry, I studie prizes of ticets ;) It's interesting from LV to Prague is always 15 hours flight, but from Prague...


You know, I *am* impressed w Google. Just typed in "how to best keep veggies fresh", and it understood that this equals "STORING veggies".


 good morning. I wish you a happy sunday and happy christmas time with your family. Lovely greeting from germany;-);-) tc.


 Guten Abend Patrick, wie geht es dir? (german: Good evening Patrick, how are you?:) )


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  of sleep may increase Alzheimer's risk - Medical News Today:  That's very nice! What I found most thrilling was to compare news from Deutsche Welle (West) and R Berlin Int'l (East).


iPad add updated to version 7.3. Several bug fixes, new iOS 7 design (but still runs on iPad 1). Expect 3D viewer in a month or so...


 what part of Ecuador is your family from? My moms side is from guayaquil 


One of my first tries! Please be nice I'm  trying to become a better singer! ;-)   [dlho ahtt ityotshnp] (1957) David Gorcey, p:hypnotism c:USA poin: 19


 cold and hot 'wind' (lol not wind but i can't think of the damn word) and there were lights shining on my hands xD so my hands


Brilliant,  A huge leap in Indian Football. Massive news! :)


54 All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


     Adorable :) I miss you guys so hard.


Coffeetime             novm roce ns ek srie koncert s BOY! Tte se? My hodn! // In 2014 we'll to play some shows with BOY in...  memory of Alekos Alexandrakis who was born on November 27th, 1928 and died on November 8th, 2005.


Posted a new song: "Thunder Attack (Original Mix)"   harvested 210 of food!    


Want to get known in the  market of CEE? Become a sponsor of our events Eko  Forum or  predictions in medicine and healthcare for 2014 by medical futurist  -  


it's not cute RT  Them girls that claim they love video games really saying "I want a man badly, and this is my last shot."


Relationships end too soon because people stop putting the same effort to keep you as they did to win you."


 we hope to be our new flat (right opposite the ikov tower) tomorrow so maybe at the weekend?


Oi  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


MISS CZECH 2012: Dennis Neo v.s. Chicago- All That Jazz 2012:  via 


 Anyway you have to persuade  he steals all the ideas of nice fursuit pics for himself :D


Apple finally has access to China Mobile's 700 million subscribers  the first full edit of Kommissar Taler (running time: 1 hour) and was very entertained and happy with the...  for NYE, no sleep and straight on to a train to Prague. This city is beautiful but it's time for some shut eye!


 Well they either got to invite me for one or we have to organise one :) Always two options :)


New World Chess Champ Magnus Carlsen Shatters Nerdy Stereotypes   I can't RT cause I'd look like some horny teenage girl. BUT this IS HOT. Oh my lord... :)


"It begins to look a lot like Christmas..." :)       recording today, in the studio in Berlin (: I'm so excited!


USA: Index podnikatelsk nlady NY Fedu (Empire State) za prosinec roste z -2,21 b. na 0,98 b. (kons. 5,00 b.).


 game should've been buried in the 1st half! Totally agree with you, he got it wrong with Eto!


Just say a pic that said "let's be humans." Are we not humans? Cause I'm pretty fucking sure I'm a human


18  Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


 These things?  We use them too, and they're ok for frost and ice as well but annoying when they get wet.


Content IS the king, no matter what  says. 


 you learn that they eat pork secretly! :( And other thing. Ew.


  yes! That's really the most interesting thing about it! I love the cases of course - but I'm just dying for all those


 because ppl remember only mistakes... its our nature...


 [oxf adn hte britba] (1935), p:rabbit c:USA poin: 18


That restlessness many of you have been feeling still lingers. You...More  LOVE Scope here  just reached level 8 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


 when veteran players will be issued in packs bf4?


home, sweet home. bye bye, Germany, i'll miss you  ( krystal 725 )  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 I actually have no idea what people on Windows use these days. Maybe foobar2000?


Video: This is a very intense.The very last story is so shocking I will never forget.  Reading those fan account about 2PM and fans in a wheel chair.. My prehcioush boys is prehcioush...


So i guess all the member get those personalized coke... pls coca cola use 2PM as ur endorsement model again


Win 1 of 3 Bliss Snapback Caps at todays X-Mas raffle   became a big fan of Russian boybands. Happy New Year from STEKLOVATA!  favorite actors!!! I love guys!!!!       you deserve it sooo much my lovely dear xoxo Big Big hugs !!


I am happy that  finish   Greatand funny  presentation about future of "dead"    


I had a crazy dream with zombies, nukes, post apocalyptic world, lost mobile phone and other scary shit tonight.


 Owyes. Grabe nga kanina eh. Kung di mo siya piniilan, napatay niya yung cat! :(


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Steda: NATURAL FASHION, a  -66%"  would be nice to deeply love someone local and have it mutual. Seems more and more obvious that it's not possible for me.


 yup! At least that! I'm so glad I found out about k-pop. There are so many nice people _


 pode ser por dm?? to sem bateria no cel agr  one direction


I added a video to a  playlist  Mad Men Without Smoking


 [trneur ot mapc aeerbv alek] (1991) Ron Jeremy, p:vagina c:USA poin: 26


 Hahahahahaha what does Baylor losing have anything to do with the SEC? 


I am awful at fighting games but I want more persona, so should I play arena for the story?


 man with 1000 piercings on his face  why would anyone do this to themselves?


 [a lleirk winhti] (2004) Linda Leonard, p:babysitter c:USA poin: 15


 I've never had Earl tea but I tried green tea and.. I don't know I only like strawberry tea.. but I don't really drink it


Spiraled potatoes on a stick!?!  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Weird but  and definetely   music to survive dark afternoon at work.


Lb se mi video   New Boyz -FM$ (Freak My Shit) Lyric Video


God. How I hate seeing you everytime and knowing there will never be an 'us'.


hai sekarang akun ini pindah owner jd western. maaf ya kpopers. jgn unfoll ttp temenan ya;;)


Surabaya Johnny is a tune. nothing against other versions but Lotte Lenya's is the best.  Jawaban benar: project runway: all-star challenge,  34/348726 poin  1/371534 poin


My week on twitter: 1 Mentions, 160 Mention Reach. via  Will take a while until ready though, since we want the next release to be a full-fledged editor and also be stable. :)


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                            165


 I dont't want to live on this planet anymore...


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


  and I were literally celebrities tonight


 Jawaban benar: man on the run,  14/345632 poin


 ouch that was like me. planned 2 lost 9! you will be groggy and a bit bloody initially but fine by tonight x


Skvl hodnocen  - 'Everything was perfect, we enjoyed a lot! We had a really at...' -  [:pmrela eth muerrd ta teh rciveaga] (2004) Stephen Churchett, p:vicarage c:UK poin: 34


I won the Here's My Number, Call Me Maybe? trophy in GRID 2 for 15  pts -  without you made me realize that theres so much out there for my eyes.


yesterday at central square in Kiev... BBC News - In pictures: Ukraine protesters dispersed  was already tired at half 10 so what am I still doing awake at almost 1am


Wed, 04 Dec 2013, let us all send Cassandra Wilson the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (58)


I've harvested 1,200 of food!    


Prosincov elf program pro nae facebookov a twitter fanouky:  brazil loves you and we can't wait to see you again


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


49  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


 [eth nsdoaner teasp] (1971) Margaret Hamilton, p:city c:USA poin: 18


 how many wives have you already had? You told me four the other night now you want another 


 that's what I did month ago too. Works sooo goood!


Arnej in tha mix! Recorded live last Saturday at Transmission!  teruss ah Supaya Di Baleessss...??? ")  


 One of those day, huh? Chin up, they day will pass too. Just like any other day. Day after day. Until we die. (you're welcome)


LawTech Europe Congress Succeeds for 2nd Time in Prague!  via  


The Great Divide          great day with other czech and slovak Reds, watching derby match in Brno.   (fef nolplu..) | periodo is F800 16uma tempo 21:45ut   So I cannot switch ACF off? Tried any option to get this working, esp. as I implemented the extraplugin "iframe", too


Tag  on Instagram &amp; register to feature in our gallery  have 17 mins to finish my project and get ready for my last two finals. Ugh. Fml.


 I know ;) But some places are a little distant. So sometimes you must decide before moving


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 whwh


 is the best club account, hands down! "Awww" it seems :D


Gandalf: You Shall not Pass (SA Wardega) Hobbit:  pes 


I'm at Sttn opera Praha | State Opera Prague (Praha) w/ 3 others  bought a to-go ping-pong set and Catherine keeps loosing. catherine  reveals Bush-era docs showing  spying dragnet started 2001
 this: Programming in movies vs. programming in real life--  this show and a great holiday tradition but before thanksgiving!!!  Bad move cbs   [mgbglani pish] (1933) Gum Chung, p:melodrama c:USA poin: 13


Jump In Beyond Two Souls [German]  "Das erste Date!" [HD+] (Walkthrough):  ber 


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Dyzajn mrket  Sales exhibition of original products by Czech designers
Il mercato di Dyzajn - Esposizione e...   I felt pretty much the same when I woke up. And caused a nice swimming pool in the apartment since the douche doesn't run off


40 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Nossa levantei rpido dms fiquei super tonta The Walking Dead  


In memory of Oskar Werner who was born on November 13th, 1922 and died on October 23rd, 1984.


Ivan Klima's 'My Crazy Century' reviewed by Paul Berman in   is the ugliest and loudest lafughter i've laughed in a long time


-50%    To NLP        


Look who has been so good this year. Thanks St. Nicholas!      Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


hihi cantikan tasya;*RT  Makasih wara juga cantik:*" cantik tasya;3 RT  Nwava~ hijab oioioi"


 Hi Mr. Baldwin. This short post will give you a chuckle, something you could surely use after this week.  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Tak nova obtiznost me potesila, nasledujicich 14 dni tezim teoreticky 0.231041796475 BTC/den. Staci aby se kurz...  collected 22,860 gold coins!    


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 Me too.*squishes* It's just the stress getting to me,even though it's almost over,it's been too long.I'll voxer you tomorrow:)


Game Developer Day (iOS 7 Tech Talks) in Berlin was awesome! Had a great time talking with other devs and also with many guys from Apple. :)


 I know. It was in my head all day but couldn't think of the artists name. I found it in the end


 &amp; this time ill do what I can to help you avoid  in !


5 years until  reaches 404 subs and 355.2K views on  ( via 


Night walk in     Vnon trhy | Christmas Market  is integral, not incidental to the mission of God" - Steve Garber 


 Thanks for following! Visit our weblog to find more information about  &amp;   Verification of Memory Safety won by CPAchecker, silver for LLBMC, bronze for Predator.  Congratulations!  [feldis of fmeerdo] (2006) Roy Farfel, p:gettysburg c:USA poin: 17


Broken Fingaz Crew produced over a 10 day period an amazing  video in an abandoned factory in Mexico,...  International Standards Do Not Apply - Jet, come fly at your own risk!!!


I dont want a perfect life, I want a better life. That's different.


 that bring us the obviously key role of People management based on People focused management software like Talent Management


I'm such a looser. I payed 40 for a dinner in some traditional restaurant and then didn't go coz of stomach :(


Reached the mountain top...    Medvdn   Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


NH medical technician gets 39 years for infecting dozens of patients with hepatitis C
 Nechapu, ze i na Sylvestra musi mekace.  ( McDonald's w/ 4 others)  didn't see me tweet the word bestfriend once.


Catfishes order Siluriformes are a diverse group of rayfinned fish dolladee Wtf is Catfish


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba Big Fish, oil on canvas, 80 x 60 cm, 2013.  just listened to my BANGERZ album for the first time! 


  And do you expose yourself for free there? :D


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  World's First 3-D Printed Car Seeks Funding To Become A Showroom Reality  news!
If we get the  Domain we'll bring  back to life again!


 n sei flsakdjlk tipo, se voc for colocar alguma tag
tem que ser antes do The Walking Dead  


I am so sick of all this university bullshit that I am constantly forced to deal with. Dropping out seems to be just a matter of time.


It says something when the only announcement that held my interest at CES was a smartwatch.


Srbija je upravo dobila World Dance Champion 2013  Lara Leko (10years old)     stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  square  Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


A year ago I've never pictured my life that way is it now...


 [his slubet'r essirt] (1943) Tom Coleman, p:career c:USA poin: 19


Wed, 04 Dec 2013, let us all send Jaclyn Victor the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (35)


 Actually, I am having breakfast at this moment. Won't bore you w the details but it involves a   Pls RT to vote for Caskett.

Castle/Beckett    


 to se tesim, mohla by si mi to dat treba pod stromecek :D


 [ruban ceayd] (2007) Sarah Christine Smith c:USA poin: 11


All that other bullshit is here today &amp; gone tomorrow 


Zoomer: The Robotic Dog for People Who Can't Have Pets  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Charles Bridge in    ( Marek Kijevsk   ra2i3a, yemkin lwaheedi li 2edrit ttali3 min  shi yenhadar. Dima is always interesting to watch. 


I cannot wait for the messages how tired my BF is at work... While I sleep in ^^


I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Fashion TV a Power Plate"  Shared a post - See more at  - agedah.diseye10 - Gmail on...  be honest most chicks not ready for me cause im too real


one of these days se bude modni obleceni delat z deep-sea ctratures. heed my words. dava to prece smysl


I've collected 25,499 gold coins!    


Bad News &amp; Trash Talk - Adam Devine freak's House Party | Comedy Central Video Clip | Comedy Central  


I almost ordered a second one. Also nice that they'd still make us "breakfast" at 1pm!


 [rokelccs] (1995) L.B. Williams, p:train c:USA poin: 8


  wish you all a merry X-Mas, perhaps in   an ayatollah tweets in Iran, who hears it?  via 


Ten minutes in and still only three people from Doctor Who. Boring. 


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via   I'll try. :-) Though I am more used to proposing solutions about how to make things better. A constructive critique.


I dont worry about where im going to be 5 years from now i worry about where im going to be tomorrow


I have quit my day time job thanks to this  tool:  work/life balance: a new Speaking of Translation podcast  


Want to know what It's like to cover the White House? This was  's (better known as Alex Pruteanu) first day:  [eww reatg cmaaerni hsab] (2004) Jamie Howard, p:wwe c:USA poin: 23


 porn... Biro lang.. Mahilig kasi ako sa sci-fi series.. Yun x-files isa syang sci-fi series..


A nice pre-Christmas present, a list of the top ten most influential people in the Czech marketing &amp; media...    ) )      Katy's Garage  harvested 1,217 of food!    


 There's a tailoring to you, a seamlessness of form Long through the back   hodnocen  - 'Perfect brunch for the end of the year. Excellent service, t...' -  back to my blonde hair like in a couple days 


9000 (nuf nolplu..) | periodo is 9800 16uma tempo 12:45ut   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           717


People are quick with making videos about series 3 ...  nove restaurace    coa: asian feelgoodfood  It's right here. I'l probably update it for iOS 7 soon.  I accomplished the last track and this time I'm definitely going to take the signature one. I find it as a good investment for me.


Water Polo rules - Instructions for referees:  via 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           461


Old and random stuff you're finding during Christmas cleaning, part 2: kitty ring  Anima &amp; Terra Sound - Psyxinawa:  prostednictvm 


The Texas Tribune: Shared Name May Be Hurdle to Keeping Texas Post 


No me han retwitteado ningn Tweet [ltimas 24h]   nonton SAO, mau tanya itu Eugio (Yujio) muncul di anime gak? Kalau muncul baru mau nonton aku. Dia cocok sama Kirito soalnya.


Haha :)  Fact: 48% of IE7 usage comes from developers checking that their site works in IE7.


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Listen to your heart, that is where God is. You have to trust in that voice.


 Out Now! META014  Unofficial Jah / Outta Endz
  please RTYes!


 Then I wish for you a good year with Mr. Grey. All the happiness in the world.  ISP announcement in the "Akademie" section of yesterday's Lidov noviny; season's greetings to the class of...  TTP rules:World days wud b observed in Pak: In-tolerance day,Pro-Polio day,Anti-women day,Anti-peace day,illiteracy day,HR violation day.


 Men are legally allowed to have sex with animals, but the animals must be female.


go Five, be the badasses badass you can possibly be!


Google
Yahoo
Bing
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
home
F bigweb.cz
Akn letky
Filmy online
Google
Google...  Vintage Psychedelic Neon Maxi Cocktail by prettyinprague  via 


"christ was hanging around in that place" ok matt


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 126 - "Dealing with the issues + Gliese 382":  prostednictvm 


 Jawaban benar: the new adventures of pinocchio,  31/88380 poin


 I've seen some behind the scenes images. lots of cuteness. :)


Political drama series fans - what do you think is better -  or  ? I am still member of   team. For now...


bout to go put something comfy together for tomorrow .


 [cnnay rdew -- etcevtied] (1938) Betty Jane Graham, p:donation c:USA poin: 23


 Will you buy another striker in January? Because a player like Suarez would've worked wonders against ManU, I'm sure.



 for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  d


first day of december and i'm one of those weirdos who still go jogging outside


Bisa, tp jgn yang cowo,bahaya :-D emg mau pelihara ikan ap?lele?


 Right. You said things that were in the same spirit in your reading list.


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


It may be flattering if others attempt to persuade you to part... More for Taurus  won the Aftermarket Junkie trophy in Far Cry 3 for 19  points -  nope you are! () Even if not I'll be happy that at least my friends got to see their idols! ()


Spolenosti Abra Software jsme pedali virtuln callcentrum pro obsluhu helpdesku a backoffice.   


Wish you all a beautiful Second Advent and our Jewish citizens a Beautiful Chanukah.


Have you heard Mama ( Forte Dentro L'anima ) by Massimo Coppola Singer on   is the letter t so important to a stick insect? Without it would be a sick insect.


Consious mind may understand 9facts in 1minute;yet unconsious mind can refine 2,5 million information in 1minute.How can I fight with this?


Check out "Making of Zaha Hadid's NOVA shoes for United Nude" on Vimeo     


I'm kinda making it a regular thing to get bucked off or just plain fall off every horse at my stable.


Holiday Gift Guide 2013 - Premium Compact Cameras   


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x33


16.05.2014 09:15 - 18.05.2014 09:15

An historical celebration with Duke Albrecht of Wallenstein, including a...  somewher in this world . I don't even know where


article on Kim Stanley Robinson, I tried to read Green Mars, but didnt get far   slowly surely :) we'll get there. ...eventually love.


EU
2013/12/3 14:13:44 UTC+9, 
Location 137km NE of Prague_CZ, 
ML3.0, TNT476.9kg, 
Depth 10.0km


 Jawaban benar: christmas in july,  17/343871 poin


 yeap, that I understand... weve it on 7th of jan...


Bad for a long time now and I am gonna make it up to her for the rest of my lifee .


Created a new Scenery, "Mine peoples :3", on Stardoll. Check it out!  is not your typical CEO. Great story of  written by   


Czech Glass Beaded Earrings with Picasso Beads         


Tired but when I put my phone down I can't sleep .. 


song for rest of my evening: Burial / Rival Dealers: 02 - Hiders, whole album surprised me.


 Jawaban benar: dying room only,  15/320983 poin  1/20 poin


I've harvested 20 of food!    


 [nbldi eey] (2006) Tammy Martin, p:cleavage c:USA poin: 9


 ah right, this was missing in my play music library, thanks


Epic " New choreo for adtoy, without chairs, WooHo said to be ripping shirts, Game Over live... This gonna be the best ;A;"


Not everyone who looks real, is real. And not everyone who looks fake, is fake.


 Yeah, GeForce Experience has a shitty installer. I had some problems with it too. Sucks.


12:33 DL1DVE/P (Thomas) on DM/SX-051 (Pfaffenstein, 435m, 2pt) 7,034 cw: GMA DA/SX-051 No SOTA [PA0SKP]


Google to web: SHUT YOUR MOUTH or Chrome 32 beta will do it for you       I cant focus on school things after work, so days off was the only choice


 files  live coverage of all developments and reaction
 stormy here too. Because of that we stayed at home :-(


Having fun with  for iPad! Join me now for FREE!  are on stage in Leipzig right now that makes me sad


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!   I'm literally counting every second till 12:00


Can someone PLEASE tell me when the first boys and girls game is from Prague?


 jeh but this wont be a 100% exact copy so i will event. cut off some details


*GIVEAWAY* Silent No More by  Win signed paperback, book magnet,bookmark and ebooks of your choice! LINK  did I manage to text 4062 text messages in a month? Hahaha mrs popular over her hahaha I kid!


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


was sorting all my THE1975 videos yesterday and found it :)) watched it 3816308`130 times already :))


stop talking about The Night of the Doctor, everybody! I can't watch it now. need to finish some work first 


Want a cheap prepaid SIM Card to use in Japan? Good luck with that.  [wied nope ecasf] (1938) Walter Wills c:USA poin: 15


 what about that lebron-rio fight during the timeout??


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Sorprendente que Nike suelte a un crack como  para fichar por Brooks, raro, raro.


Sometimes she won't.. And when you'll realize it She'll be gone


" Living this lifestyle WILL catch up to you  RK repre


23 more days to go!!!! X-mas is coming!!!!  Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


Could Bitcoin Ever Stabilize Enough To Replace State Currencies?   via 


16 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


3D Systems and  Team Up To Deliver Customizable 3D Printed Smartphones  


I'd say he got off &gt;  Bruce Springsteen pulled over for speeding, 1978.  Wassup with yall not pullin out of below avg females?" Rawing* smh


 hi, I'm fine what about you?:) I hope you had a good New Year's Eve ^^


 [evletv moenlgdi] (1998) Callum Hamilton, p:glam-rock c:USA poin: 15


Based on my calculations(reliable!)  trouncing  translates to the  pounding  35-12


62  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


ed sheeran
ed sheewalked
ed sheetrotted
ed sheesprinted
ed sheejoggedmoderatelyfast

 :'))


 one would think there's nothing more to discover and then bam US extended fucking version


  What the hell is wrong with you?
I love the club not the players 
and it's also allowed to hate players!


 Thank you for your right words in 2013 and wish you happy new year 2014, love,love,love, healthy and happiness :-)))))


Extensive traveling in last few days, had a lot of fun Alhumdulillah!


 It's like he never learned what a time out was.


So, I became  league 1999914 champion last night...but look at my bench, what a luck    fucking copycat. Don't know who the fuck she thinks she is but she's asking for a right slap!!!!!!!!


Meowry Christmas fellow felines wishing you loads of treats and warm places to nap.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           766


December restaurant roundup - tapas, pasta, sushi and news about Prague's food and drink scene  I think that Barkov is a lock. Fins don't have a lot of depth on the offense.


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Jestli mate radi Dropkick Murphys/Flogging Molly, nenechte si 14.1. v Rock Cafe ujit Dreadnoughts. Nazivo jsou bozi!  Etasonic - Wonder Of This Planet (Original Mix)  


Mit v autobuse holcici florbalovy team... Not bad! Ale mit okolo sebe damsky nevysprchovany team to nechces!


        is just awesome, okay!? :D *-* Love you guys &lt;3


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:49, noon 11:55,  16:01 CET (UTC+1), December 9 | daylength 8h 12m


Though my to-draw list was pretty long, after watching Sherlock yesterday it's like twice the length than it was. 
I'm totally OK with it!


 The MM is so great! I love these songs so much! &lt;3 Good job!


Powder Tower            jsem s mof nedostal pes hubu, koncert po 3 letech s retrem a hned sada. :DD


Don't interrupt your fellow bro when he's in the zone at the gym. Just don't do it.


Exclusive: David Beckham fond of Youth Cup days - Official Manchester United Website  when there's brilliant TV going on and we're all a happy tweeting family, trending all over the place  


 [1 .sv 001] (2006) Charlie Gordon, p:quiz-show c:USA poin: 9


 remember the bender very well - I didn't pop in, just seeing it was good enough. Happy Christmas, mate. Want anything from UK?


 'syonltac frendsi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: clayton's friends


I feel so discontented to have heard t repeatedly ear-ailing sound made by t Kinabatangan MP. It turned our parliament into a pandemonium.


 [im' nigvto nabiuplerc] (2008) Deena Trudy, p:democrat c:USA poin: 21


Is there a split between David Cameron and George Osborne?: From my Morning Briefing email: subscribe here Tea...   many cool things to  out in the holesovice area(prague 7)   


   She means the TSM party, no CLG fans allowed ofc.


  AHSUAHS Quero me matem a minha curiosidade e me conteeem algo The Walking Dead  


  kdyz monitor umi zvuk... Jinak holt zbyva optika nebo cinche do beden/zesilovace. Ps4 to ma reseny lip.


Mamma nominovna na Elle Deco International Design Awards 2013  OK/OE5HCE/P (Christian) on OK/PL-005 (Mal Mokruvka, 1330m, 10pt) 3.680 ssb: now here short qsos [via SpotSMS] [OE5HCE]


my dream is to see muse live in iceland i'm serious


FaCT 2014: 1st International  on Food and Culture in Translation 22-24 May, 2014  


 Thank you! :-* Yay, more shootings. Yes yes yes! :-P


65 followers. 56 unfollowers. Life goes on. Daily Stats by  ah, bummer. i still wanna check it out somehow


 Who wants to bake christmas cookies with me? 


 Evolution of iOS 7 (beta.0.1)
 - Maybe beta4 will Look like this?  hell of a baseball player and my Boi keep workin 


He said to just show up and show them I mean business lmao


Matando a saudade   &lt;3  shopping praia da costa    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  actually be useful and nitumie return ticket ya kucome home, na iwe BA sitaki KQ :P 


Da majboro jawandona ter ba she kho her ba na she ,,

Sta har yao dard me pa seena parhar parhar lekalay...

4rm Rashid swabi. 03119614622


 do I still have to put fix our vog?? I mean yung nakalagay?


  NO PLACE TO GO-Why would he do it? This madness, standing in the cold    your purse, and I will open my mouth. - Portuguese Proverb


P4/6
Jo Apka Partner Ho Uski ID Honi ChaheYe Jab Ye Mojood Hon To Sab Se Se PehlY Aap Dono ApNi ID K Sab Following Khatam Kar K Ek Dosry Ki


 exactly! And then when you unroll them it seems like there's hundreds of them o.O


Are you left handed or right handed?  left handed  said. Do I expect I can control him? I dont expect anything. That would be very dangerous on my part to think I can do that.


 i was too excited to ask him and my friend had to ask him ^^


G+:  
More Devices with Nightlies! We are adding devices as we can! :-)     hang in there,   Schumacher "in critical condition" after ski accident, hospital says  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


MGK Warning Shot (NEW Unofficial Music Video):  pes 
tohle je prost super


Jo ty vole za msc GTA: San Andreas na ipad, iphone a android


 I think it might be on nbc sports or if you go to  you might be able to see it


23  So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


All he can eat is incredibly bloody meat and organs no wonder he almost never eats


my  live cd from hammersmith finally got dispatched ;)!


I hate those people who app with absoluetly nothing to talk about or tell me or even ask for!


 [lieendissr] (2006) Sebastian Burks c:USA poin: 10


 [oeinuxq] (1970) Edward Connell, p:monster c:USA poin: 7


I've collected 13,406 gold coins!    


Finally the weekend starts! Time to finish the novel    D.S.


Jobs: In your work, be legendary. In your life, make history. - A piece of cake! Let's get up and start making! :-D  gua nginep haha " Lu pada nginep? RT  Banyak teman di dieng~ haha jakarte keras pergaulannya wohooo lu gua a


Track and video out now!  - Monster ( EP)    


 [gahctu ormf bnheid 71] (1992) Samantha York, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 21


 just saw Texas booster comment on Strong hiring. It's said that in this day and age race is still a factor in jobs.


V.A. - Translucent Tracks entered top10 techno overall buzz charts after 2 days beside artists like Moderat or DJ...  you have like 325 reaction pics on your phone


Earrings with framed glass beads and filigree, Czech Handmade jewelry   


25   - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


 good to meet you here :) Thank you for following! Best wishes from Dresden!


Aktuality | BMW M6 Gran Coupe | Trendy Cars - modern luxusn auta:   PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE YOU SO SO SO FUCKING MUCH, PLEASE MY ANGEL!!! BE MY 2/5 !!! :) x11


3  - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


 [hwo nyma imles ot bylao?bn] (1982) Daniel Day-Lewis c:UK poin: 26


I've collected 33,629 gold coins!    


Wonder what the age limit is on Action Hero Alliance.. What did I just see??


Apply Today: Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


The entire UAB coaching staff should be fired if USM pulls this off.


 Die ganze Collectors Edition von Emergency Room? ;-)


Those two new previews for Tuesdays's ep of  make me very happy and excited. Oh Klaus, Cami &amp; your sis aren't amused 


25 Amazing Benefits Of Living With Your Best Friends  you in a couple of weeks Prague, last three months have been surreal


 I'm no expert by I think  might be.  (some relation)


 lamnai royfact tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: animal factory


 i see from the words D: got a head at the camera there i think is taec. he so cute so blur. nv queue expect cashier to take order


and he should warn taec xaxaxaxa " pmsl that parody lol. Jun. K's part is my fave HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA disrespect my car hahahha


Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. AE


 [frtae osruh] (2005) Robert Black, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 11


TOP Streamate models 
LOLLI &amp; Pamella Am !!!  Join to:   Personal blog:   [ostapyu :5 adde nem od tlel leats] (1998) Michael Baden, p:autopsy c:USA poin: 33


" [Pic] Taecyeon from Haru Hana Magazine via:only629,taeckhunID  Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


Admiring the generosity of these people who helped our fellowmen to a great extent. God bless you all


  create a Lang-8 acc ( already has it). It sucks that we can't correct our sentences in here. Would really help :D


I wonder if I wake up early tomorrow. Today I didn't and there also were no interesting tweets that early, I wonder how that's related


Only 10 days left! Dont forget to submit your graduation project to the international review. (Only for...  Monkeys Were Paid Unequally: Excerpt from Frans de Waal's TED Talk  it's mostly stationeries there and I have no need for any D: saddd!


In the UK so no updates from me for a few days... unless you want to see pics of yorkshire puddings ;)


 hahahaha! nobody have 80 days of leave :/ unless money drop from sky then dont need work!


Lb se mi video   White Lies - Death (Official Video)


Anthony Hamilton &amp; Elayna Boynton - Freedom (Django Unchained OST) HD:  via 


 here, take this shock blanket, it won't help you though. Gooooooood I'm done, I will break down  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Folks who claim that they don't fart are possibly


     I liked the sister on the show Wings


Starting new year how I intend to continue it.. At work cleaning. 


incredible news about Michael Schumacher. One of my greatest idols :( Hope he pulls through!


omg to esquecendo de voltar Best Song Ever  


  my biggest KSP-achievement yet:  Most common sight:  doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going." - Brian Tracy


Hey there, folks. Long time, no see.

I have finally decided to announce what happened to TAP 2: Game of Honor...  new favorite: Coasting Islands - Simon Sunset - esoulate music 008 by   on 


I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Airport Nrnberg"  There are stories strewn through every inch of that city.


dear lord, help this pitiful slut the next time I see her


  thank you!!! I really did :D it was amazing!!!


I liked a  video  SCIENTIFICALLY ACCURATE SANTA CLAUS | ANIMATION DOMINATION HIGH-DEF


  Dear Michael. So arguing how we can help people and planet most effective is 'denying' in your world? Please.


Wow ... my day off has been busier than sometimes a normal work day is ... and it's still not over, about 3 more busy hours to go!


Video: Dakota and Jamie recording for  Fifty Shades Of Grey December 08  to go Organic? Because of all the vitamins, Antioxidants and Healthy Omega-3s....

Pro jst jdlo...  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


 [eht oobtmt of eth eobltt] (1956) Brad Dexter, p:river c:USA poin: 24


" " I wonder what it's like in SA right now" me too!!!" Ndisu tiriko!


Uptown Girl -- Billy Joel, arr. Stzka olcov - Canticorum Pilsen:  prostednictvm 


Handmade framed  Glass bow earrings.   


It's hard to be evil when you keep forgetting about timezones


 was the one running about to hump the other one?


Every day I'm levelling! And now I'm level 25 in  for iPhone! Get it for FREE!  up with my Prague fam for good times in.4 different languages


 Yes, it is supported. For VXLAN both multicast and unicast modes are supported as well.


I might go to Yves V at MAGNETIC FESTIVAL in Praha, Czech Republic - Dec 20  dad is in Rennes for the opening of the photography exhibit by Alain Desvergnes, le monde de William Faulkner  feel like putting hands up for Detroit, I love that city :3


15 mins into our spanish class and no teacher so half of us leave and guess who appears in the elevator   


Maybe Elena wil die and then,on 100th episode she will see all her dead friends on the other side (Alaric,Jenna,Anna,...) +


I still can't believe that I'm seeing three perfect bands within one month next year. Oh god.


I have Hut on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Wed, 01 Jan 2014, let us all send Sheila McCarthy the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (58)


We came together but you left alone, &amp; I know how it feels to walk out on your own.


 your dad looks like the coolest guy in existence.


Uh i think i just got a burn or something on my hand


Co se to deje? Rano v plnem proudu a cesky Twitter spi? O_o no nic dneska asi bude soukroma  s   a 


123 years ago was born Bohuslav  (*December 8, 1890 Polika -  August 28, 1959    at eleznin stanice Chlumec nad Cidlinou (Chlumec nad Cidlinou)  [citew owt] (1933) Oliver Hardy, p:dinner c:USA poin: 9


 if you read it 5 times, quickly and loud, it adds some free space to you smart cloud notes account


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  hou hou! Prvn old skool rave remix na Survival od Dj Tuco, tak nasa sluchtka pteli!/ First old skool...  [nte sunmeti orlde: het oecll] (2002) Dominic West, p:old-man c:UK poin: 28


 [ngebi orctiiav bakemhc] (2002) Romeo Beckham, p:spice-girl c:UK poin: 22


 [nme of znerob] (1977) Frederick Williams, p:military c:USA poin: 13


Do I look like a person who touches things and tweets a photo?


I like this video on vimeo: "The Jailer" by Erin McKeown by Look Sessions  Christmas everyone! Hope to see you next year!:) Can't wait to get on stage!


Just look at that.  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  believe austria doesnt have tea like we have in britain..they dont put milk in!! WTAF 


    I really want to join, but I'm on a carnival event right now...  this is the kind of thing angela used to send me on askfm oh mAN those were amazing times i want it back


Stealing potato salad while parents are gone... It'll make me sicker but there's no way I'll get any while they see me in this condition


Finally broke down and am watching Sharknado. What a walking meatbag of a stinkfest of a movie. But I can't turn away.


 you really deserve it ;) When I heard  your cover of Save Our Dreams it really touched me, keep on going :))


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  ZEKES  LP  same 1970  Leaving you


" Listening to Stay Trippy ..." if I ain't!  That's my turn up jam right there!


Job opportunity: SW Tester . Are you a fit? in Prague, Czech Republic  


I liked a  video from   131231 Countdown Concert EXO-M First Snow 720p


Good night twitter &amp; to all in Northwest and Central Europe - stay safe thru this storm esp in the coastal areas


Today I switched plugins in chrome from "automatic", to "click to play" mode:  


No charges ever pressed:  marks three years of UK detention
 Last News -
 will help investigate  spying if granted asylum  report
 wait a minute how old am I then.. by korean age it's just one year not two or.. what.. Well your room is at least cozy and


 those who oppose drone strikes are actually giving space to militants for training, recruiting and then killing masses.


The fact I've just realised that I actually have no one in my life who actually likes me or cares about me ...


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sjakd


We've added 13 new videos from this year's conference talks to our video website! See   


 Cute vid :) And your friend looks like she doesn't cook much often =D


"Pirate Radio Round-Up: FCC sniffs out FM, shortwave &amp; CB stations" -  to clean the kitchen and my mom's car. God is great. Education is key &amp; thank the Lord I don't do drugs


 what did you shift? and where are you studying?


 Thank you! I can't wait for christmas, when mum gives it to me officially :D I'm sure I'll wear it for 1 week or so xD


Bode's 13th today is best finish by a U.S. skier in 6 North American speed races (M&amp;W) this season.  has 6 podiums &amp; 17 top tens.


Just got this  sticker. Check out my 138 other stickers on   


Kretinsky, Tkac to acquire publisher of dailies Blesk, Aha!: Prague - Entrepreneurs Daniel Kretinsky and...  


Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes


" MY RELATIONSHIP ADVICE VIDEO -  Everyone go listen to her advice, this is so true! 


Warner Bros: Our False DMCA Takedowns Are Not a Crime | TorrentFreak  via 


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 Just Announced: Ballenstedt, Germany - Dec 25 at Mirage  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


The smarter u are the nicer i am. It's the law of the universe. I have a zero tolerance rate for stupidity


 they played over aggressive without the results. Pass rush was outrushed by quick passes, the secondary played off coverage.


Miran  Its often windy in  but, when its just like today, its still ok. At least if theres not coming more wind...


 protestors want to take down Lenin monument in Kiev's Bessarabskaya square:  Keyshia Cole "I Should Of Cheated" might be the reason for females actions the last half a decade lol.


Today stats: 8 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 8 people via  Genda on   
New years starcraft with friends.


Okay okay tahun ni kita baca buku lebih. Hehe thanks to youuu voterss!! ;)  Christmas. I'm off to teach grammar to Saudi kids who will probably mock my beliefs. I don't care what they say. Santa IS real.


Photoset: Have some 30 year old Peter Capaldi in Dangerous Liasons (1988)  ho ho, Elina Elf has been doing some Christmas shopping today   no, it is not possible. The price on the web in US$ is wrong and misleading. 


Ji Bouda, the Lover of Trains, Stations and Prague, Exhibits his Work (Portal of Prague)  Enjoy your bed and your days off, and  enjoy your coffee! And thanks for doing the job you're doing.


no mom dont remind me i can still recall exactly what it felt like and why i did the stuff im not supposed to do


Don't think I've ever been less prepared for an exam ever! And even that isn't motivating me to revise!


It's almost 2014 and I'm still wondering one thing... why is Calvin Harris SO handsome?!


The  at night shines just as bright in   people don't deserve to live in this cruel world. All they do is see the nonexistent good in people.


I'm having a conversation and I'm like, damn, so as an adult Ima work for a number to pay bills and eat.


 *YAAAAYYYYY* Thank you for playing Adam &amp; the Ants!!! *beams*


you can tell it's a dodgy day when Lou's wearing socks 


 Yeah, but can't see Chelsea and City away being that bad over the rest of the season. 90 is far too much to expect.


 [n-erptreraoet] (2004) Joanna Angel, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 13


Stuff I bought today on my way from the doctor. 3 postcards and fine tip pen *o*  Night World, i hope your have sweet dreams tonight. ;)


What about   he beat  many times so I won't be surprised if I see randy take the  and  ChampionShip yes


One wouldnt believe how much courage.alcohol hides.


Why you never get a straight answer from a (good) coach.  


Sometimes I get scared to include Ty in my snapchats because I feel like he will be a big meanie about them


  Erdoan'n yok sayd hatta ezdii insanlarn nefreti bu. Hi susuz yere 2 gn cezaevinde yattnz m Deniz hanm ?


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


          earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 me on the ground here in Czech Rep watching game with locals  If you embarrass easy, don't hang out with wild child   us.


Oh it's freezing outside. Why then am I outside...stupid dog!


'They teach us nothing'
 &amp;  exhibition in   in  Allows to download any video and watch it later.   will this crazy thing allow me to watch prime streaming video from europe?


Still waiting on someone to make a dope Batman Beyond movie.


Scream singing at my animals - think they're super into it


 because it makes the code behave differently at test than at runtime. See for example DBUtil


That moment when you realize that you're way to high to be in public 


 even better: learn from frameworks, create your own, sleak and thin ones


watching Panty &amp; Stockings after like 6 months and the progress in understanding is unbelievable


 so proud of you Lewis!!!  love you forever &lt;3


  LOL I AM WITH YOU!!! But what the hell is he talking about? whenever he tweets I'm always  !


from now on I'm not calling Colin Baker anything other than Miss Piggy. if Troughton said it it's canon!


Maven startuje k Marsu asi za pl hodiny. Zvodn NASA vs. ISRO bude cool. Watching Spaceflight Now  pes 


 idk 
are you implying i should be higher or lower than that?


48  Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


Have you ever rewarded brands you love? We have, NOW! Are You Among the Selected Companies?  Burgers 2012 got 788 Facebook likes in a year. 2013 edition: More than 1,300 Facebook likes in just a day.  e voc tbm amiga sabe disso ne te amo dms &lt;3 best song ever  


 Oh god, same as in Wikipedia. Who cares about gender in an I/O lib? And why are these discussions always started by men?


 oh crap :) uz vypit!! penila trosku, fascinuje me ale ta vune. prejmenoval bych to na the epic chmel ;)


Don't fucking tell me, John visited mrs Hudson for the first time after those two years?!


EU
2013/12/17 3:55:41 UTC+9, 
Location 95km W of Dresden_DE, 
M2.1, TNT21.3kg, 
Depth 10.0km


UK: Migrants quizzed on English skills before benefits  Jawaban benar: mondo hollywood,  15/337357 poin


Nazl Ilcak' tanmasam cansiperane bir ekilde muhalefet ediyor diyeceim ama neyse ki gemi batarken hep ilk kaan olduunu biliyorum


My housemate is going to Poland today.. I'm gonna be so lonely :(( haha


...13/12/2013...I just love FRIDAY...every FRIDAY &lt;3       note: everything suis him :-D it's not fair :-D


About to blow up hundreds of people and you say God is great just before... Really? What God are you talking about? 


DNA Nanobots Could Deliver the Future of Medicine  LOVE to watch every game at the same time!    


istg if it's the extras from the dvd i'm gonna shoot myself


 [ciaddn ddcnai areamc omlvue 4] (1985) Michelle Bauer, p:breasts c:USA poin: 29


 will today hold a press conference to unveil their Community Human Rights Defenders' awards. Venue- ZimRights office
Time 11am


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  watched "Blood Brothers" (S1 E5) of Almost Human (via 


Man finds porn in kid's video game - New York Daily News  


 exactly, the fact that Loki is still alive is better than AMYTHING ELSE!:')


 January to get accepted to high school.. I felt like fainting here as well. In the end I got in but if I had 3 points less I


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


  awesome :) i love it :) the man /girl who did this made a very good job!!!looks so amazing !


 the thirst won't let me be bruh. ('._.) but it should go well.


 lmao nah you look like you been punching the sun dark


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via 


forget what you heard and recognize what you see. rumors don`t make a person


Listening to WTF with Marc Maron Podcast (Episode 445 - Edgar Wright)  the national museum     National Museum - Concert hall  don't know if I'm more angry or sad because of Rose's injury. Stay strong man! Hope to see you soon back on the floor! 


Another 20min 500word sprint :35 until :55. GL everyone! 


I got some beautiful images of the starvation room and prision at the castle Krivolat


My  bathroom.   can relate right?? Lol  18 Nov 2013, let us all send Brenda Vaccaro the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (74)


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Proud to be a Gamer - Maximum Life


I don't need to be popular and have a lot of friends, all I need is to have a few real friends who actually care about me.


Last winter with my baby        hate myself bcs you not love me" hahaha bodo afif ni broken betul haha


"All of us have their own stereotypes, mine was that Czech people are a cold nation which doesnt really like...    Caro it is cultural difference. I heard Radek's original line in Czech. It was meant well.


" my favorite fruit is watermelon 
my favorite man is Khun  new USB connector, no more wrong-way-up cables
  cas, kdy je treba zvolit jinou skolu ... ( koda Auto University)  work this shopping. Time for a coffee break. Adam skipped coffee as you can see ( Grycan w/ 2 others) [pic]:  out in  Week In Our Shoes for interview re Czech adherence to gender roles by segregating toy stores pink &amp; blue 


 Am curious: are abusive drunks apologetic the next day when they've sobered up (somewhat)? Or do they hate the police, period?


 Jawaban benar: kevin pollak: the littlest suspect,  34/326777 poin


Sculpture of ancient Rome: The shock of the old   Take a look at  I use it religously. And guess what? No yoga studio full of ppl having a chat!


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Wait, I'm home alone.... Why in the fuck am I still wearing clothes?


Happy birthday Michael, you've been always my hero because of your determination and strength. Just stay yourself and fight! 


 when you gonna stop Bullshitting and get the ONE


     yes. bigger is better :-))))


Found this when I opened the freezer just now    a tak muzu na tom prehravat pres ipad, iphone hudbu


 I'd love to. My OH is scared if I do I'll never leave... D.S.


Best beer in Prague)          HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible  


The awkward moment when   doesn't have anything new to offer, and you just find yourself thinking about PlayMagazines or smth


guys help me, which username is better?  hannah143 or  xHannahD ? pleaaase xx


 In your experience, do non-English sat-navs from (non-UK) tourist cars get stolen, too?They have little value in UK, I'd think


volume doprava / volume up ;o) Sound Nomaden  Fusion 2013 (Seebhne) by   on 


New York Train Derailment Kills at Least 4, Injures Dozens  the time I saw The 1975 in Prague? OH WAIT...THAT JUST HAPPENED.  Rock Caf  the secrets of our parents haunt us daily. I have made it my mission to break these cycles. Starting with my own daughter


I almost never end my sentences with just one period....


 are you busy with something boring or something awesome?


13 Incredible Tech  You Won't Believe You Missed In     


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via 


 nooooo. I'm a good girl (my horns are hidden under all this blonde hair LOL)


Flying Academy's friends from Hungary are inviting you all to enjoy their production about the freedom of flying...  ...to uz bylo v roce 2012...tenhle rok sme mimo hru


Rapsody - "She Got Game" (Gangsta Grillz Mixtape) | The ChuckDiesal Report  no Xmas pop song I hate more than Do They Know... not so much for the music but pretty much everything abt the lyrics is wrong.


  If it cannot load your character, it cannot *write* over your character.


 [ylilb ni hte lolsnawd] (1979) David Morton, p:escape c:USA poin: 21


When was the last time you hugged someone?  Today  i'd NEVER tell cause thats something that she trusted me with !


I just installed Visual Studio. There's 90 minutes of life and 5 gigs of disk space I'll never get back.


 why are boobs even considered sexual theyre lumps of fat made to store milk for babies what the fuck is sexual about that


  Jo, a vc ne Relapse i Recovery. Letos byl lep jen JT 1 of 2.


HTC One Google Play Edition erhlt Android 4.4-Update  collected 34,274 gold coins!    


Last 24 Hours = 1 Followers and 6 Unfollowers get your stats at  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  may aalis asahan mong may kapalit. Grabe ang bilis nung kapalit. Kaya siguro may lovenat ako.LOL


 and we just did not have any hopes predictions about Germany :D we have the Best Xmas


After huge feedback, I updated my article on  integration with    thanks to all of you!


On page 217 of 344 of Manel na objednvku, by Catherine McKenzie  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  actually thought bow ties were cool before Eleven but it's nice that afterwards lots of people started to think so too. ;)


 maybe you should have tried some of the modern QTE? Or at least point at him and click! That would have confused him.


Recent D.W.'s devotion written by C.C. made me think social sites may be inherently evil.


Unbelievable but...We are 2 YRS OLD! Bavt'te se s nami, Party w/ us TONIGHT: 20Kc Jezek .5l beer + 2-for-1 Bourbon Sourballs ALL NIGHT LONG!


Havana Club Grand Prix - semifinale. Kluci jsou sikovny!   ( Music Club Phenomen)  be interesting to see who wins the second place in CL this seson


 Only portable. Seems to be deliberate. The debug log says "Wireless portable computer not supported when you try it.


 Love my used Honda, tho. Both of 'em, actually. But "jolly" is not the word I'd use to describe them.


 ambivalent attitudes? more like outright hatred.


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 54 others  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               33


 she is da most terrible example of femininity


 haha, can get imagine lol.... Hope I'll get a pic like that with Shane Filan next year in Liverpool lol


cause you fell into the deepest depression, baby and I hate to know Im responsible then your heart filled up with so much aggression,


he has a tan in it, and an obviously burned nose. (poor bby) I feel for him. burned my nose this summer. ouch. wonder where they filmed it


trying to draw drapery for tomorrow but it isn't going well at all.. i guess today isn't my day sigh


 dbyone eht erakb tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: beyond the break


26.05.2014 00:00 - 31.05.2014 00:00

The World Roma Festival: ethnic music, gypsy jazz, and thats not all from...  someone should sing you a lullaby in the middle of the night


 yep I have, five times already, I love it so much, the waiting was totally worth it. What about you?


  wow I would love to there to this time but in a week I am there xx have alot of fun x


Lb se mi video   AlunaGeorge - You Know You Like It (Tchami Remix)


Lb se mi video   Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe


This 1110 thing is not workin out for ne, they shud put the class at 1100


A new favorite: Favonio (Album Version) by   on 


Capri Sun's the biggest scam ever next to college &amp; marketing.


No.24  2013 advent calendar - the final one - Santa Jango Fett  aelinor: Happy McGann Monday, part II better late than never.  man who lies about beer makes enemies  Stephen King 


75 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


I knew I wanted to be more of a writer, and for me that meant magazinetype writin


Join me to win $1000 in the Glogster EDU Glog Contest! Click here:  


 [apap tseg eht ribd] (1940), p:bird c:USA poin: 18


Your desire to do something different may be so strong sometim... More for Aries  nunca te acabes     ( Praha | Prague w/ 18 others) [pic]:  a beautiful morning with parents and their arguing  


Just a girl who all too easily becomes mad at the world


you need to stop this. you might actually give me hope.


 but................... I have not butt.. Jk =)) okay bye I'm laughing =))


Soccer year 2013             you know it is possible to use tabs in  :tabe  "tremendously" means "more than 3 men do" right?


well in 45 minutes i'm gonna be like "FUCK YES I'M SEEING ALL TIME LOW THIS YEAR"


Just bought an awesome smartwatch, check it out!    via 


Happy holidays!        


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


sorry for spamming guys but FOB need to win this thing   


Catching Fire was awesome! But I would really like to smack the person who came up with translating Gale into 'Hurricane'...


  from day one, germans are trained to keep it in the pants 


4 Cutting-Edge Gaming Technologies With Incredible Promise  are even SURPASSING the Jetsons!
HowStuffWorks "How RFID Works"  via 


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 40


" Is single-payer healthcare medical utopia? Depressing stories from the NHS:  h/t 


Today stats: 6 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  CEO Reveals Why He Rejected Facebook's $3 Billion Offer  tried it but in my particular situation that did not work for me. Wanted to give it another try but didn't come across again


 red wines like Pinot Noir and St Laurent are are common &amp; tasty in South Moravia   bison in the crosshairs of conservation battle -   | The human rights movement owes a debt of gratitude to 
 NORDIC - RACE CODE: Therese Johaug and Martin Sundby claimed the first Norwegian Tour de Ski overall...  on my timeline tweakin lol...
What's really going on? 


Beautiful old Christmas market in the heart of Prague. The sights are amazing. [pic]:  Jawaban benar: the astronomical patrick moore,  30/5184 poin


To many Fake people claiming real. Is real even mean what it used to.


A very geeky conversation about the "social coding aspect" and extensions/features of  &amp;   :: 


Fantasy lights sky lights winter gold snow time purple buildings clock  with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  sweet fucking baby Jesus." Lt. Debra Morgan  


 Solution Explorer squiggles with Productivity Power Tool 2013  (there is actually a name for that. lol)


Came back fm a long trip (&amp; Chinese lunch) about 15 mins ago, and am shattered. But packers will come tomorrow to move our ofc -&gt; overtime.


I've collected 30,741 gold coins!    


While one thousand eyes stare back at me
But the ones that I'd die for are the ones I can't see


"  ima diss everyone on the track" haha for what


 No jako v tom specialu zejtra ani snad nebude Rose Rose, bude tam bad wolf Rose prej. Not cool, I want my ship back :DD


Wow, Google breaks promise to never show banner ads in search results -  ( complimented Christopher Wellbeloves page at  Check it out  


Bitch posted a picture on facebook and said "I don't like this one"   why the fuck did you post it then? 

-true :D damn


visually interesting and also a good conversation point: what we look like to a social media:   this metaphor is getting to be very specific xD!


my 3rd time seeing this &amp; again I'm scared by my own shadows. fuck you, Moff! :)


I didn't even see the first episode of Mob City. They gotta play it all one day.


  A bude hur, co jsem se tak bavil, tak nova Killzone Shadow Fall ma nejhorsi AI z cely serie, vcetne Ps2 dilu.


 latex lingerie such this bustier well combined with string, stockings and short gloves.   player arrived -  ibasso dx50. Sounds great with Lear Luf-4F.  just don't get it.Why is DiegoCosta playing instead of  who deserves more than just 37 minutes. No doubt bout that 


 (  help with understanding    Im getting a handle  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   come to Germany one day? Next year GamesCom maybe? Just to say hi?


Triple egg, chilli and chutney sandwich from  revisited. Fried eggs, quince and lime chutney,  I think he will be on the bench and maybe will play about 15-20 min 


"As pessoas acreditam no que elas querem"  The walking dead 


139 follower....I didn't know that there are more than 139 people on earth. :O


I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Hrub perk - The beauty of a delicate spider web"  Thanks for the RT of my article on misunderstandings! I appreciate it!


Ive completed the mission 19 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!   to Host Google Hangout With Stars at Latin Grammys  just ran 8,45 km  a 5'26"/km pace with Nike+.  


49  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


Handmade Ruby red framed glass earrings, Glass earrings, gemstone, bridesmaid gift, Wedding jewelry   


Can anyone tell us what the fuck this is?     Nrodn pamtnk na  develops high-efficiency process for cadmium-free CIGS on stainless steel by sputtering  how I get so many likes? Use the best service:  me, you always be, happy by my side.... i promise you, sing to you, when all music die 8'


Photo: gaya-style: Mariacarla Boscono by David Vasiljevic for Elle UK August 2013 via: [  Triple Formula 1 champion Nelson Piquet undergoes heart surgery  via 


Just posted a photo  Chrm sv. Barbory | Santa Barbara Cathedral  Smartwatch to Get Its Own App Store in Early 2014  Lucky or Unlucky? Either way some of our Facebook fans will be Lucky later today when we post Promo codes for Lipa Bear!


if you give me you, ima give you everything you need 


VizesizAvrupa HAYIRLIOLSUN diyenlere not gelmeyin la burda bi bok yok


  i love chachi!!!! &lt;33 please follow me!! i am dancer too..from czech republic!!


 just rewatched the trailer for dos - I still get the shivers at hearing smaug's voice!


Interesting year. The end sucked (yay for the worst month ever), but it will get better. 2014 will be cool. :)


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  n


 [het ensgt:arr ni emrmyo onlae] (1993) Colin Baker c:UK poin: 29


You are my heaven on Earth. you are my last, my first.


  not properly ;; i live a sad and empty life


Two Medical Sites Complain About Rankings: Google Says Your Buying Links  Thank you. Have a nice day.
Stana Katic  


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  " Mesut zil menyarankan lkay Gndoan memilih Real Madrid daripada Barcelona [AS]"


Yes, this is really her neck like you see it in the picture too   
follow me
follow me
follow me 
follow me
follow me
follow me
follow me
I AM CRYING"


Snapchat hacked, leaking 4.6 million usernames and phone numbers  Pussy Riot's Alyokhina plans to meet bandmate Tolokonnikova - Video
 it will be in my scarf dance oneshot now haha 


 so sorry to hear that, he will be missed. Loved him. RIP James.


Omooo but 5th june would be doable given i kinda wanted to be there for ma bday *^* //don't get excited self &gt;&lt;


0000 (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut     What can be better,than listening James before The New Year.x


 eth owlolh eret tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the hollow tree


Eu n posso morrer sem ter ido em pelo menos um show d the wantedd


 I think we need to implement this rule as well :-) cc 


A new favorite: Vladimir Platine - Fire dance (Original mix) by INLAB Recordings  on 


 internet? Did your mother love you any time in your life? Stop the killing just take a picture it is better.


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


  probably not... or I don't know if I have :-)


"  ARTHURRRRRRRRRRRRR,RESPONDE PRA MIM SE VAI CANTAR 'AMOR OU ENGANO' NOS SHOWS  =("


78  Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


at a restaurant i had to have the bread types for grilled cheese repeated x3 &amp; just went w/ the first because i still couldnt remember them


I like Auburn any other day of the year besides this one..


How to be the James Bond of the Web: 37 Best Marketing Tools to Spy on Your Competitors (via   -  all I can tell u is, that revenge will come soon!!! I have enough of those assholes.


Are the European Commission really anti-EU sleeper agents?: It's as though they're secret agents, in the emplo...  better tune in to see my brother and FSU woop auburn tommorow   seriously rindu Syafia Shukran and all of them. Sigh


 this white christmas is shit! my ears nearly fell off today with this sub0 temperatures and gale force winds!!!


This year again, Diplomatic Spouses Association is organizing Christmas Charity Festival, selling goods from all...  Video Atlas of Human Anatomy - NOV

Anatomick videoatlas lidskho tla  of the month December / Part 3:

we have asked our AOTM Elias Ambhl about his goals for next years top...  home:-) hey everyone! Hope you all had great Xmas and enjoyed the holiday.    - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


Hargain yaa RT"  SAGITARIUS: hargailah semua pendapatnya,walau itu tidak cocok dgn pandangan anda sekalipun~ZR"


 [adoygbioe edieoang] (2007) Bo-yeong Kim, p:youth c:South Korea poin: 18


. on Male Privilege:  Fan-freaking-tastic! putting skeevey MRAs in their place and 


  Go get a beer. People do that, right? They socialize over a container of beverage.


 hey I didn't see your post, I am great! :D what about you and Sarka? Are there some news?:)


Annoying Airplane Passenger Thinks She's The Only One Who Celebrates Thanksgiving (PHOTOS, TWEETS)  jajajaja 


My siblings are gonna kill each other during the break :D I can already see it :D


Any idea where can I request  for Windows v2 pre-release kit?   usually had to be a good reason to go in there, that was one of them I guess. Lol 


WO2013171619A1 Hetero-contact Solar Cell And Method For The Production Thereof    I finally got around to reading the conclusion. guys. if I finish at 11 I'll finish Luther at midnight. hm.


Know someone for this job? IT Analyst in Brno, Czech Republic  


"and i don't know what it ment but that convinced me i guess"


Apple's '12 Days of Gifts' App Offers New Freebies Every Day  meet   Vce na   


        *lol* Wish u a happy Friday 2 &amp; cute pic!xx


  mention ber 2 aja gausah bawa bawa gua-_- ka ary juga nih woooo wkwk~


 Hi Cory, is it possible to talk with you more personal? etc. email or RT?


 DNF in Lake Louise super-G.  in command after 21 racers, seeking 5th career LL super-G victory. 


two dead in this weekend ...
  (1928-2013) 
Paul Walker (1973-2013)


Panono Throwable Camera Ball Gets Major Optics Upgrade  jo, snad se z toho dostane :-( BBC News - Michael Schumacher, ex-F1 champion, critical after ski fall  taste of home in Prague and just in time for my first Czech hockey game tonight!!!  Hobit! :-) 

Ve tvrtek, v 19h jdeme do Cinestaru na 
Hobit - The Desolation Of Smaug

Kdo chce lstek, tak...  would be a good Podcast intro... &gt; Welcome to the celebration of death.


Listening to the  soundtrack while  for  Nearly back up to the target!! D.S.


26  RT to vote for our favorite couple.

Castle/Beckett   


  - 'xee' Kay's profile:    IM, Entrepreneur


A YouTube Legend Battles for His Basketball Future  tried to use PhoneApplicationPage.State once, switched to my own  based serializer after 5 minutes. 


Anyways, let me go back to finishing this paper. Hopefully in my classes next quarter I won't have to write anymore papers on boring topics.


Voice over Wi-Fi works for travellers with smartphones even when regional band differences defeat cellular calling -  se mi video   The Subways - We Don't Need Money To Have A Good Time (Official Video)


10 Innovations That Improved the World in 2013  via 


 You got plenty of muffins already. But rule the world with the blue cross!


after fog comes always sun.      for free at the time of New Years promises the Canadian film TRIUMPH OF THE WALL; when 8 weeks have become 8 years :)


Let's be proud of our government "Czech Premier Not Happy to Attend Mandela Funeral  "


 Jawaban benar: couch tails,  11/366339 poin  1/327251 poin


 same, but i'm still not happy
teach me how pls


All I wanted was to break your walls~  I never hit so hard in love  I came in like a wrecking ball


    I feel ya! The only thing I'm afraid of is that if I meet them and they find out +


There are almost 100 active startup accelerators in Europe today   please malem ini jgn keluar rumah please malem ini jadi malem yg indah wkwkwk


In Prague for Bohemka vs  - looking forward to having a pivo with  and meeting  and 


The Italian Court in Kutn Hora by Tracy A. Burns | Kiss From The World   via 


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Today stats: 2 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed one person via  Hey, awesome. Do you support Czech? I was just visiting your page and wanted to recommend your service to my friend.


 [morrir, .rorrmi] (2004) Crystal Allen, p:reflection c:USA poin: 15


Clyde playing a Little Mix remix, oh how I've missed you old friend


deleted Instagram. Trying to reduce the number of social networks in my life.


  BRUV! Did you just quote tweet me an add nothing!!!!!!!!! LOOOL


Rough morning 1/4 mi visibility 2 runways in and 2 out right now so expect slow going


Please support one of the greatest progressive metal bands:  


Seems pandas gets some parallel facilities. Yay!   Can you follow me and my friends  and  ?We are big fans from Czech Republic :)   5


 [niereht eth ase onr hte dnsa] (1972) Betty Duncan, p:love c:UK poin: 28


INDEED: Forget Mega-Corporations, Heres The Mega-Network  via 


 [egp 'o ym arhet] (1922) Russell Simpson, p:snobbery c:USA poin: 15


And Cisco came and donated H.264 to the whole world. Thanks, Cisco.   hun, please, do you know if I can watch it online somewhere? the itv player doesn't work for me :-(


remix de better together: ta feio, para, nao ta legal


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Nova Sport HD in the Czech Republic tonight, Gateshead v Oxford United... That will do nicely 


25 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


Photo: Books WIP 2, used some free text brushes from dA  made a new achievement: `Stylist`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


Successfully passed exam MB6-871: Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 Financials


 sorry I'm not at home and don't have it... hope  can give it to you! have A marry Christmas btw 


Brilliant video! Eagle steals camera near crocodile meat trap:  via 


And it's also bullshit to know that no fucking one here will ever get an Brony...


 Hi Martyn,  we have many discounts for Prague accommodation and tours and more. Contact me for info.


  208: 10. ReOrder &amp;  pres.  - Folding Your Universe (Original Mix) 


 baking Christmas cookies and listening to  is just as good though lol xxx


2014 with MySpace and Google+? RT  3 Social Media Trends You Should Know About   via 


I'm so lazy I even put ALL of my frequent used controls on my Mouse buttons...


 Prague is going to stay cold for next few months..


Happiest birthday to my soul brothers!! (with Dmskkm and Chez at RW   se mi video   We wish you a merry Christmas.mpg


 mona wida bo na Luxtorpede  jest abilet.print 0pln 


 should fine players a week's wages. Let's see how that goes.


The Majority Of Porn In The United States Is Viewed On Smartphones (Dan Rowinski/ReadWrite)  out my Ookla Speedtest result! What's your speed?  


I want to remind you that there is no way possible that I'm signing a year contract or anything, they just want to have an album from me.


 vse originalne mimo tento list ;) stene tak z me strany nadeleno


Try to guess how many pairs of sunglasses I own

Come on guess


Almost forgot, a new patch series sent yesterday, hopefully to make it in Linux Pi :)


Was out walking 1.14 km with  See it here:  i don't. not sure if it'll give me any advantages


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Tak toto je sla. Pokud  neumi argumentovat a chova se takto, at ten twitter radsi vubec nevede 


 THANKS and do you have any plans for future covers or what music have you been digging the most lately?


   HAHAHA. By this time, 1) Nami na ang PC. 2)Nag improve ta tanan 3) I learned the word "teamwork" &lt;3


Some people want it all, but Everything means NOTHING without that special individual. 
 ?


" Lol if you're not giving me pussy don't comment on my hair" tears


 Dear Music, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.


 Yes I did. But now it's all over. Now I can't wait til monday ;) On friday season 6 will start in Germany. I'm so happy.


She said "let's have some fun"
Lets see if she means it.


Sales of "flagship" model smartphones way below expectations in 2013 -  people followed me and 11 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 szazsassa


Peter Pan collar Handmade felt with Preciosa beads, beaded detachable necklace. women's clothing   


 Just remember, I'm not that kindhearted to go and pick you your ruined body from the lions' den.


 aaa that's exciting. we're having beef tomorrow with potatoes and gravy etc and i'll probably throw up too.


Halfway through Season 3 of Breaking Bad. Why does every good shows has to have their own Henry Francis?


margin
"that narrative, even if wrong fundamentally, can affect behavior, and can therefore become true reflexively"
 Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 [a itnoan si onbr] (1947) Thomas Briggs, p:island c:USA poin: 16


  A player who's perennially linked but you never got to sign him, every single year.


Mana ntah modul putih aku haha . cikgu mintak sebelum PMR tak hantar2 lagi . sama macam folio sivik haha


The Morocco Travel Daily is out!  Stories via  


You may be torn between what your senses tell you today and wh... More for Aquarius  work at 5.15 last night and now i`m already here again -.-


HAHAHAHA RT  you show me so many scenes of your building why cant you show like 5 seconds more of exo


Skinny Barber || Ke$h || prod. by Cassius Cake x Decky || YYY999:  pes 


New Cloudcast "Visual Nature's  Traum-Set's  - Die Eule hat gute Laune und steht i..." up now at  Check it out now!


 thanks. Learning something every time you're making these. Why were they playing Hilton off so much? Lack of speed? Why not Coop?


12  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


happy new year...may this year be full of   and  of course for me....with    and 


I added a video to a  playlist  Crusader Kings 2 Let's Play: Bohemia Part 27


Calculator Hero lets u fulfil challenging computing tasks with simplest operations!! DOWNLOAD NOW 4 iPad ver.  Google!  got pissed off by Google Glass because it can't bare with her pronounciation :D


i've been singing you and i for my whole day, i guess all i'll write into my biology test tomorrow will be "we dont wanna be like them lala"


Off the pitch, Evra is one of the best guys around at the club.


 Jawaban benar: krazy kat and ignatz mouse at the circus,  40/318909 poin


WO2013185746A2 Interior Trim For Means Of Transporation With A Fire-resisting Paint    long Prague! Thanks for all the fog :) and special thank you to  for treating me :)   Good morning. Happy Stana's day for you too. Hopefully. Thanks for the vote ;)


12 things that show how small the Mac Pro really is | Macworld  via 


 Found your channel and have been watching your vids avidly for the last few days. Very enjoyable and informative! Thank you!


Mr. Backhand &lt;3 RT  Does  have the smoothest backhand in the game?   please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           649


._." Carlo Anceloti dikabarkan Ingin memboyong Andrea Pirlo Dr Juventus Ke Madrid"


Britains anti-terror law watchdog calls for suspicion threshold after Mirandas detention 
 gini loh baru bagus ,movun ya mybaby {} Haha wes biarin2 ga ngurusin dia lg nduk " huh nethink :( acara


once you get the feeling it
wants you back for more 
says it's gonna heal again
you wont make the call


I've harvested 610 of food!    


A MUST SHARE VIDEO: Why Palestinians Want This Video Removed  just had a real life airport romantic experience and I think fairytales may actually be somewhat true


  Yes. Especially for budget travellers the price is the most important


25  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


  I need someone to go with me but nobody will and I can't go alone xD


 it's easily my biggest game related disappointment of the year.


 Jawaban benar: captain scarlet and the mysterons,  33/356721 poin


My head is like "I'm the next Picasso" while my hands are just kind of.. "Lol, nope"


Lb se mi video   First Class Ticket - The Road Song feat. Sibbi Poopzkid (Official Video)


Prv tiscka je tu! Awww! Thank you dear friends       canon voice doesn't fit the one i subconciously associate him with


Vistazas y tranquilidad. ( Prague Castle View Point) [pic]:  18 Dec 2013, let us all send Joshua Dallas the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (32)


 [hte eonscd omwna] (1950) Sherry Hall, p:flashback c:USA poin: 16


Explainer: The Main Sticking Points Of The Draft  Deal  via 


 [htea veaw] (1977) David Morris, p:secretary c:USA poin: 9


That moment when your brother is trolling in chat and  supports him. Good thing is, someone actually timed him out 


It's 0214 and I'm wise awake! Smh. This is some madness.


 Gotta go hit the books..  beetje gay is oke


 she's literally like a fucking dementor, i've been looking forward to this for months &amp; now she has to come and ruin it


My classmate just asked me if i know one direction has a new song called story of my life um ok


UN surveillance resolution goes ahead despite attempts to dilute language | World news |  &gt;&gt;  stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               215


Gametime Essentials       oomf has been the same one for a long time and we text everyday


You are not a stranger to overextending your energy and you co... More for Aries  The  were pretty good, indeed. Not adddictively good, though.


 Anxiously awaiting season 9 of TVD so I can do a musical episode and not care if I get fired. Ja to cansada na 5


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


Gec kalmis breaking bad yorumum: Skyler, you are a bitch!


I be tryna be open minded &amp; actually be there but once I feel lied to , its over for all that .


- Dear Santa Claus! And wheres is the snow this year?
- By the request of boy Vova, this year all the snow will be in Sochi...


I'm amazed how God shows up &amp; "orchestrates" something from what seems like little to nothing. I'm loving being in Seattle.  


I've collected 16,603 gold coins!    


Dekuji pekne vsem za  / Thank you all for the  :)      malaysian yang memang suka judge org sesuka hati.


London, I'm coming :) ( Letit Brno Tuany | Brno-Tuany Airport (BRQ) w/ 5 others)  a girl that looked like you I guess that's deja vu


Nothing quite looks like an 808! Finally our TR-808 shirts arrived. Get it here   that sucks xD where I live there's none that's not fair xD snow hurry up I don't like you but it's not December without you xD


Recalling the dream from earlier i can only say no fucking thanks


We offer the same meals in every one of 4 food-spots. You can find 3 of them on the 1st floor, 1 is located downstairs. 


My Top 3  Artists: Infected Mushroom (75), Monstercat (33) &amp; Televisor (18)  Christmas Mass Times - by: mod: As every year there will be a Christmas Mass for the E...  


Protoze Google si vylozene nepreje, abyste poslouchali vyborny soundtrack z filmu Rush(Rivalove), davam link
 know how Brazilians would manage the World Cup, nobody speaks a word of English


Get your paws on the TunnelBear app! ( and browse privately from another country! 


Happy birthday  One of our best players ever.  


creative juices are at an all time low after 4 days of dedicated lack of sleep....and vegetables  


Handmade framed  Glass cloud earrings.   


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


 Jawaban benar: burn your phone,  15/15 poin  1/318583 poin


 [het imevos] (1925) Frank Jonasson, p:movie-star c:USA poin: 10


YouTube Comment Reconstruction  - 'GoPro: Fireman Saves Kitten'  anyone help to solve this  question: List all hosts from inventory file for a task  


 hele, ty by se mon hodily ;) frkne mi to na mail? ivan.audes - dk :*


system is unreachable .. what the fuck .. odporouel se ani cokoliv ekl


" Christina Aguilera has replaced R. Kelly on a new version of Lady Gaga's "Do What U Want":  so sad! The teacher that introduced me to BASH is now leaving twitter, just 2 months after I found her?


 lol i'm scared it'll get me too...i had bad start of the day but rn it's all unicorns n rainbows x"D


I'm at Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station (Praha) w/ 12 others  at the helm         new chrismas knee socks fit perfectly :-D    of you may be caught up in your own personal fantasy world that...More  LOVE Scope here      christmas tree 2013 in my hometown Selb/Bavaria/Germany :-)  na tom tak patn ;) odpoinek a tejpy asi pomhaji I crushed a 10.0km run with a pace of 4'54" with Nike+...  to the next episode of   nemohol som si pomc


 [hte ecrsu fo hte atc eppelo] (1944) Mel Sternlight, p:sequel c:USA poin: 27


has "hillberg and d-tex: that giorgio track" on it, this compilation!  a Show one frame per filmstrip command in  manual, but it doesnt work and cant be added in key editor. I want it!


Blackout.... My heart almost stops when I am listening it  review of the Merseyside Derby for  can be found here:  morning to everypony on this glory Thursday ! Time to get up!  Center Christmas Tree will be lit for the first time on Wednesday, December 4, 2013....  liked a  video  Collage- God (John Lennon Cover) "Live" 96


 as i said, it sucks and the app keeps quitting unexpectedly every few minutes ugh


 ja se na to TAK tesim. To bude lepsi jak NSN)) bohuzel u nas to v kinech nebude, coz me sere. A blby 1D tu byli....


  we'd love to see Kian do a trial, he'd do his best for sure..  Vote for   workman: dailyartjournal: Conchita Carambano  when we get together boy you know we gon be wilding


Confession: Screaming Infidelities is a fantastic song. So screw you, me 10 years ago!


   haha, at least you let something for next time


 [rkocy o,jesn capes rgnera] (1954) Charles Horvath, p:mst3k c:USA poin: 25


 Who says a virgin woman is rare today? If you find a good surrounding, u'll see countless of them. Dont degrade women to such level


 No one knows, someone just decided to fuck with am fans probably, the bastards


 1,000 Weeks of Lotto - What  What Didnt!  a good girl, crazy bout Elvis, loves horses and her boyfriend too...


 ah, sorry, that is just a wrapper to the bash command, if your module isn't executable, you won't be happy with that


Hey     you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


5 Ways Service Can Improve Customer Retention While Reducing Costs  sigh. amazement. look! right there in the menu bar! the Shop page on my site is officially open for business.   Jawaban benar: the wonderful country,  21/355951 poin


Lb se mi video   CZ/SK LP - The Walking Dead - Season 2 - PART 3 - esk Let's Play


 Hi Brad! I have a question... In which program do you edit your videos? Please :)


Latest Release of Documents on N.S.A. Includes 2004 Ruling on Email Surveillance 


2000 (tef nolplu..) | periodo is 2800 16uma tempo 02:15ut  Earrings Art Deco Style Enamel and by prettyinprague  via 


Darlings there is a  for you to read  a  and a   its almost the weekend! D.S.


Console Living Room lets you play hundreds of old-school games in your browser  ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


12:24 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/ST-038 (Ostr, 538m, 2pt) 10.116 cw: [via SpotSMS] [OK1MLP]


WriT Msg
+
+
Follow

SnD 40404 2Bar

Ajj App ki Hilp ki ZarurAt h plz Friend help Me!


Oh holly.  I hate those fangirl attacks when you have thousand feelings at one time and then suddenly you start to cry and feel worthless.


Good morning/night guys!!! Don't forget to enjoy the last day of this year! ;)


Theres no I in Teamof course, theres no we either - Romancing the Jock  liked a  video  esk GamePlay | Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag | Part 2 - A Mj Cukr? | HD - 720p


4m of  found on a hard drive in waste dump in the UK. Someone made a big mistake...!  sizi cok iyi anliyorum.Sabirli olun hersey cok guzel olacak


I have Lawn on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


48  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


  Steph saw that PILE which parents gave me.besides its after 6p.m. now.Ill save urs till tmrw if u dont mind


classic - All Quiet on the Western Front //     ha, those are horrible! Looking forward to reading this list:)


4.6 Million Snapchat Usernames and Phone Numbers Reportedly Leaked  2014 will about to shine!! greeting from my Le zebraprint legs!   travelling to another planet would be easier i s2g


Gzel bir yl olur inallah 2014 herseyin hayrls temennisiyle mutlu yllar,salkl huzur dolu,baar dolu   rubbish! Lucy the barmaid had a puncture &amp; you had to help! Be creative &amp; evoke sympathy!


        the literary heroines D.S.


Uruguay's president Jos Mujica: no palace, no motorcade, no frills  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Monsoon Season feat. Miss Bee - Green On Blue (Deep&amp;Disco Lost Remix)  invest in any idea you can't illustrate with a crayon" - Peter Lynch


 Jawaban benar: night train to memphis,  22/351420 poin


John Mayer and some red wine...because I love my heart :D


 Give me your adress baby 
I'm moving to England :-) ;-) &lt;3


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               37


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  

204


What a miserable day outside hope this isn't what Christmas Day will look like


First beer in two months     Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  out my blog at  Visit castles, chateaus, towns, monasteries without leaving your chair!


Planning to attend      event tomorrow. Who else ?    


achieve a measure of both you must betray a measure of each. (2/2)


 not sure but it won't be anyone tied in Europe so it will have to be a short term fix and the long term solution in the summer


  actually that tweet was from the airport. it took me yet another hour to get home.


There is literally no need for this room to be this big.  don't understand how this perfect human being can exist


 erd si hte orloc fo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: red is the color of


20  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


 Asus! "Well, isn't that just dandy." Imung Dandy kay agent sa Phineas and Ferb uy. HAHAHA! TROLOLOL!


99% There!  Who will be the one to push us past the mark?  Join me in making HOBO,  via 


I've collected 8,167 gold coins!    


high functioning sociopath, with your number. 


ert is Coming to town! Nothing rings in the holiday season like children getting dragged to Hell by a Slavic demon.  have a severe case of multiple (Google) personalities!


" Be careful who you trust and tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend."


  to tweak iOS. Most tweaks directly modify Apple's code that's already there.


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 39


I'm at Ramada Prague City Centre (Praha, Czech Republic)  with the old, in with the new, may you be happy the whole year through. :)  dog can't chew on his toy without putting it on my legs while he chews it 


Vite,proc to maji v  v pazi?Protoze muzou...    go get it!! Bigyan pa kita load 'e huhu sayang pera pramis jk


  of course;). Feel free you write your requirements and we might be able to answer that more precisely.


 sorry lambat reply . Kitaorang tengok running man Jew sambil makan keropok


35 Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


     Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square    im okay i just had a terrible pain in my kidney so we had to call the ambulance but im ok now!


Endless runner Desert Chase now Free on App Store by NextPowerUp! :)
 is the way I walk out of my final exam.... haha!  RT  In case you dont understand how snow works, a time-lapse:     I really thought that was a real carriage O_O


 [cscfaiwrtth] (1973) Marc Stevens, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 11


Google Street View nabz i pohled do nitra britsk ponorky z 60.let  You can't read this tweet with both eyes closed.


 Boom! Out of the mouth of babes. (Course, I'd substitute "Miles Davis" for Matthews).


50 degree difference between Prg and Msp!  


  this is the one youre thinking of it looks horrible


 Jawaban benar: shiver me timbers!,  18/333828 poin


 Sorry, I only heard the teacher from Peanuts just now.


Moriarty to Holmes: you look a bit tired. - Holmes to Moriarty: you look a bit evil. 


        546. Not bad, not bad. Quite impressed with myself.


 ['luaswto aersaipd] (1939) Ben Corbett, p:outlaw c:USA poin: 17


Bruna gorda sempre dorme quando ta falando cmg no whats


Two weeks ago, nobody knew Thomas  Now he has won Four Hills Tournament thanks to  's fall few weeks ago.


I rendered this pic 2 times but the background is slightly different... How :/  needed this today! Ive been laughing the whole time!!  via 


 eht norela fafrai tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the arnelo affair


again. hope it's Tessanne &amp; Will in the final. fi they are not I'll be sadz. I don't wanna be sadz. 


what is true storage do you mean there is a fake storage 


Iyaaa:* RT "  tft too babyy:* iya aku juga udah sampe rumah ko, goodnight too babyy,kamu langsung bobo yaa:*{}&lt;3


Get ready this Saturday!!! Vision Board time! RSVP today! 1.11.2014 at 11am!!!  Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         33


 I always wanted to know if you like Harry Potter?


 Wow, keep cool. Remember, you started to be smarty pants and trying to push your believes you thing are superior.


I wanna fuckin hug him. (but that could be dangerous. DILF.)


Submitting 8 WP/Win8 app updates to 6 different Store accounts in 10 days is quite tricky I have to say.


"Sharia is the solution for UK"   Europe will do not do anything about it. It will simply become normal.


Foggy morning out here, off we go up to the field to pick leeks and kale in the quiet whiteness!


Resolutions  via  I make them and I feel I should, but New Year's resolutions don't do any good


I want to hear "Better Together" by Fifth Harmony please! Thank you 


I voted for   for Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via       Karlv most | Charles Bridge  nenrcya weo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cannery woe


I've collected 55,440 gold coins!    


  I agree- fuck the gym steph. just fucking fuck it! Lets get high.


Back in winter, back on Epic.   michalcerveny photo  [yb oyru evlea] (1934) Maidel Turner, p:vacation c:USA poin: 13


I am playing tonight  M0ST W4NTED LIVE!, Sax Clubzone Dresden Germany, Sat 21 Dec  00:30  i actually did slap the mosquito by slapping my face


AWARD!! Congratulations to the scientists from Fraunhofer IZM! the Stero Micro camera Nan Eye Stereo (1 x 2,2 x...  he really does, can't wait to see him in flesh lol


I just liked "Vashta Nerada [Doctor Who Theme] performed by Traffic Experiment" on Vimeo:  tired...toilet sleeping...    dudes die 4 less but this is a pitiful trend tho 


 [eth aimallg laiglro hsow] (1964) Don Messick, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 24


I've collected 22,167 gold coins!    


1 tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  - your so weird haha but your really funny and your a pretty amazing athlete


Zoufaly vyraz a la ucim se latinu.      wait for The Summer all The great Festivals wuhuuu you too ?


somebody make me study. here I ma, talking to my fruit friends.


 Jawaban benar: matchmaking mamma,  17/357771 poin


Is the software industry trying to write the script for Hamlet by hiring a million monkeys to bang on keyboards?  se mi video   Charlie Straight - Crush On a Hooligan [Official MV]


Top 13 Evidence-Based Health Benefits of Coffee via   McGann is SO enjoying it all. :) so he should. oh man, I'd kill for a whole series with him. said it back in summer &amp; it still stands.


i just wanna say that you look gorgeous and keep it up  Awww that's so sweet of you :")  To nebohy pan otec musi s tim grilem pockat na vanoce 2014, ze jo? :)


 Jawaban benar: enjoy yourself,  14/372695 poin


 [:24 het pomemtstor] (2002) Dennis Hopper, p:discussion c:UK poin: 18


On page 305 of 409 of Pekro svj stn, by Katie McGarry  lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.  Carl Reiner 


And here it is, in my hand, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3  have Forester`s Hut on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


cad a rebeca e a manu? The Walking Dead  


 nelly aliran sastera.. nelly ambik seni dgn perdagangan, zaki :)


okay, one more thing. Helen Mirren was one of my first wives. she's just magnificent. and here, 20 years younger. marry me for real!!!


 web is under heavy DDoS attack again but it continues to relay live stream from  Watch here:  2 months to late. But WIFI was way too much expensive anyway. :D


IS really great but I only have one card :'( so i cannot use it :'(  the clock that doesn't work are right twice a day. 


i would show you how if you only listened to me once manje hona manje wakuchema kwaaaa


 Oh so nice I wanna live there too. I love water and green nature.


  you bring us to laugh. No matter if we sad or angry: your jokes makes us happy. I love you!  its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x42


29 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


   I'm getting really excited as well.. all sorts of ideas running through my head lol


bugn Chris Robinsonumun doum gnym. erefine yeilay iiyorum hayatm   


 Yeah it was nice. Are you on ask.fm sometimes? :D


3D print your own pasta in a restaurant  


Claire (5) sings for deaf parents - with gestures!
 collected 2,476 gold coins!    


 Just now another one,  was detected/neutralized by AVG antivirus, an earlier bfgminer 3.7.2 You'll fix?


New York Train Derailment Kills at Least 4, Injures Dozens  emptor. RT  Approach this Korean 'execution by dogs' story with caution.   Satanic Edition: Series of themes to transform your desktop in to a mean motherfucking soldier of darkness.  on my own I feel sadly, damn I need you badly, it's true...


 nejsou, upgraduju na 4.1.0  a jeste pred tim probehl upgrade BBW a BBID


Snav sonras coffee molas  ( Metropolitn Univerzita Praha w/ 3 others)  [efir no eht aitnnumo] (1981) Buddy Ebsen, p:new-mexico c:USA poin: 20


Snoop Lion - Tired of Running [Music Video]:  pes 


          you send me a picture of you?" .. Gar kein Leistungsdruck. NEIIIIN.


Why have much needed 63 pts from a test when I can loose 25pts for not putting down numbers of periods and groups of PT... &gt;:(


 Liveblog--Ukraine (still) not signing anything and fascinating video confrontation between  &amp; Yanukovych              wait for this Muddy Wata Video to drop    Shits gonna be 


 Morning! ;) Try additional vit.C (fizzy tabs): 1 in morning, one 12hrs later, and at least 1 in-between. Makes you feel better!


Having fun playing  for iOS, why not join me for FREE?
  


Feel Happy and Stress-Free: 7 Simple Tips to Stay in the Now  Harry the type of guy to build two snowmen instead of one, cause he doesn't want the other to get lonely." Cute x


Five daring predictions for social marketing in 2014 - Inside Facebook

 kaya lo pantes diblg apasi?? Jelas2 dp make foto cewek, status nama cewek. Tp ngechat gue make syg2. Lol!


Am I the only one who cried during the  video


I've collected 11,434 gold coins!    


 [oneac's eerttnih] (2007) Matt Kohler, p:revenge c:USA poin: 16


U should know " I've been asking  does rihanna have a last name"


I want to make another inappropriate montage of me, mr.Sturgeon and Katia. Must. Resist. It!


So, hartsy what is the key factor for the flyers to make the play-offs? 


Who's In, Who's Out at Obama's Meeting of Tech Execs?  out this  of TARDIS .  via 
 


Photo: Who says we cant agree on something?   are so rude here.. That really makes me sad


There are no more tickets to St Kitts for Carnivale eft. I'm dying a little inside.


 shit either Friday night or sat morning but everything's Gucci expenses wise


Doc Brown sets the DeLorean to 2014, arrives at CES to shill for Gibson  via 


Prave jsem podporil Universitu FUK na Startovaci nemalou castkou. Prispejte panu  taky at ma na rohliky!  Dad wants me to tag his beer, too - Drinking a Pilsner Urquell at  -  the diary I wrote during my exchange term in Sydney, 10 years ago. Good I took that ranting offline shortly after returning! :-o


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


We at Domus Balthasar sincerely hope you all had wonderful Christmas and spent amazing moments with your loved...   haushauhshas scrr no aguento isso no The Walking Dead  


 haha, he was practicing for his post NBA career plan, probably


Yup, I can't even look someone in the eyes while talking with them that's how far this shit gets.


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by            [ruiotgn rnerotnh aldgenn] (1950) James A. FitzPatrick, p:travel c:USA poin: 24


Boxing Champ Vacates Heavyweight Title for Ukraine Presidential Run  got a lot of  coffee this year. My friends know me too well :)


Facebook Photo Sizes Cheat Sheet for Marketers: Apps, Ads, Albums &amp; More - Search Engine Watch (  just added "R.U.R." to my 2014 queue for the   via 


Robbie Williams and Nicole Kidman - Somethin' Stupid:  pes 


   AM Light Rain tomorrow! With a high of 3C and a low of -1C.


I don't wanna fal in love, if i ever did that i think i'd have a heart attack Demi Lovato  


B-radio - 12. vysln (part 5 of 6, made with Spreaker):  prostednictvm 


Oh and dont forget about publicity. I see no other prime reason for them. Although it might not be the foundational reason


"What I miss the most Is talking up all  night,We laughed until we cried" 


24 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



Every word you'll ever need was writen by Bruce Springsteen



Why Social Networks Are Crazy for Private Messaging  v dobre spolecnosti. :)                    09 Dec 2013, let us all send Shatrughan Sinha the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (67)


My week on twitter: 4 New Followers, 1 Mentions, 518 Mention Reach, 2 Replies. via  is always a knife in my heart. It reminds me of family happy times and how unhappy without it I am now. Red eyes, sleepless nights


Its not happening here. But it is happening now. Brilliant ad campaign by Amnesty International  via 


does it take your brain to tell you 911 is controlled demolition since your eyes saw the evidence? (4/4)


just registered for tomorrow. Let's have some fun! ( Card Casino Prague -   " How times have changed: the 1938 World Cup Draw in France.  Zealand: Hindi has overtaken French to become 4th most spoken language, behind English, Te Reo and Samoan  teaching us that falling only makes us stronger!  


 Hi! I've updated your post in Userecho in case you've disabled notifications :) Thank you and sorry for the delay! ~Elle


Just watched, how did the cat scary the dog. 


Czech President Zeman supports police president Cervicek: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman received ...  


rehearsal for our show in prague this tuesday!     Osadni  you need beats hit up the homie  or just go here:  last year:  wonder what Pater's trying to say w/ that look. (sexay) but poor Chris Addison. what. how.


Alec is hard at work during his first train ride ever.  the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul &amp; with all your mind. This the first and greatest commandment Matthew 22:37


Me: "Let me just run this quick update on my server". My server: "Hold on, gimme a few days"


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 and  announced that they'll go  for 22 days for getting a better health RT:  two-goal game for the old bro" said the commentator after  scored his 988th goal of his career. Hope he's gonna play at the Olympics


 I ALSO WANT TO EAT PIZZA MADE BY YOU LEH. EVERYTHING YOU PUT I WOULD EAT IT EVEN THINGS I DONT EAT. SOBS.


 I'm getting old..luckily 17 is nice number TT and December 30 ^^;


Mirror: Android-Bildschirm via AirPlay an Apple TVs streamen (Root)  I think she gotta pick her boyfriend up from work tonight so she gonna need it


I love you. You're ready. The pain is strong you're urges rise~


Does the early bird really catch the worm when it has to work a 12 hour day? We shall see. 


 not when the food was already in your stomach...


Dneska mejdan zdarma v Duplexu. ///////// Party for free tonight at Duplex....  the fuck did I get stomache ache after drinking milk, I never had that before :C


43  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


Frain &amp; Dillane face to face. OMG I'm having a moment. also...TENSE. dear oh dear 


  I'd claim it's unidirectional, and should be


Yes na clear and to the Formula 1 I was already there    


I won 6 trophies in Saints Row: The Third for 130  pts -  mi si film Collapsing floor by filling room with water w    Salute OG... Down 4 a  Collab? Cant dm u. Lets build. RESPECT.


Need more             Ten Commandments of Twitter   via  the holy rules of Twitter! 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.81C, Marc 20.75C ac foris 5.88C vre esse.


This Super Icebreaker Is Heading to Antarctica to Free Two Frozen Ships  ink on paper, Godzilla in Bohemia, imaginary film still, the end   determined last night when I was already in bed and kept saying "I need to get up early so I get to do homeworks for Monday" but


Raul E. Sanchez~ Mire Hacia Las Estrellas. Look At The Stars.


Wow fantastic baby, dance dance dance haha   


Bistro Sisters a posyp bilych a zlutych papirku. A furt jich pribejva!  Hi, maybe you should ask your question on stack overflow? You can also contact me via DM.


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Guys please be positive and let us support the president, he's our states man. Irrespective our opinions


 Actually just noticed that the jewlr is claiming its worth $1mill. Thats complete BS. Drop a line if you want the TRUTH.


Rare sculpture by Ettore Sottsass from 1949. More at   [dgo .v an:tsa teh ifnla btlate] (2008) Gary D. Frazier, p:artwork c:USA poin: 30


"Starting with .NET 4, Ngen compiles assemblies with full trust, and code access security is not evaluated"   2012 | Page 8 of 8 | Paris in Four MonthsParis in Four Months | Page 8  just remembered that  goes back to chile this month . 


netaudionews: Fire To The Stars - Keep You Safe / Wholesale Slaughter    


Versino Solution Factory powered by SAP Business One - best technology for SMB to run better  Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Been away for so long. Miss my tweeting a lot. Final week of Winter semester is coming!  Crazy


85  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


Drone-spotting: Survival guide informs on new breed of aerial predators
 favorited a  video  Fluffle Puff Tales: "Chrysmas Special"


Nelson Mandela tributes: David Cameron was no friend of white South Africa  but his party was: Later today th...  Memoir's being crafted! I can't wait to collect, relive, and share my memories. Join me.  Videos and photos together. Google can do really amazing transitions and animations. It even adds music! All of it is automagical.


     One tanned to know that one day you read what you wrote.


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


 [rbbati eyver aodynm] (1951) Mel Blanc, p:bugs-bunny c:USA poin: 19


I have oficially fallen in love with  ..strange as I am gay


 In Feb. going on day trip to Munich to see Herculaneum - Pompeii exhibition. Got rave reviews in London.


 [eugpla rehtsigf] (1996) Stacy Keach, p:virus c:USA poin: 15


2 members of  Steering Committee participated in our today's confer. on  Jeff Lovitt/WG1 &amp; Markijan Zelak/WG2 


Ray Ban Sunglasses Online Discount, 82% off, only $24.9 !          just want to know you better know you better know 


I'm angry right now, so don't talk to me. I will not be nice


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 wg


  You're just as evil as the other pink ponies


Tauriel deil kesinlikle deil ama ortalama bir Mirkwood Elfi cosplay yapmay deli gibi istiyorum.


 [psosain ni hte usn] (1964) Gregg Pappas, p:stripper c:USA poin: 18


 this may interest you:  Most are well written and interesting.


okay. fuuuck. time flies. need to put my face on so I can go &amp; hand in the thesis. takes 45 mins to get to my uni so I need to move.


 2 column layout; explore all features of command+P search; install XML formatting:  if you are fairly sure about your current goals, you can ... More for Capricorn  Jadore, the heart of fine jewellery, the spirit of fragrance. More:    


I'm going to bosnia tomorrow. No internet anywhere. For 3 days. Ew


47  Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


What would be your question over this map? Eric Berlow and Sean Gourley: Mapping ideas worth spreading  crush! Cute ka pa rin sumayaw! I wish you golds tom! Hahaha told you  childhood crush! Haha  I turn to you, you smiled at me 
How could we say no?


  The main problem is getting speech out of it. If you don't have a hardware synth, well, you're kind of stuck.


I really need to get my hair layered. It's so thick at the bottom, and it looks so stupid.


I liked a  video  Scary Legs - Simon's Cat (A Halloween Special)


  Vesely's steal and oop third on  top10 plays today. 3 games w more time. Trade coming?


 ['mergslsgu daslin] (1951) David Wolfe, p:hong-kong c:USA poin: 17


  i know but the point is apparently ppl in germany are getting it today so why not anne :c


Just completed a 11.89 km run with  Check it out!  


 not everyone is that much into honoring  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               464


 will be today live stream with chachi? when :)) please answer me :)


I'll workout now. I don't feel like doing it at all but  pretty darn good! not sure about the mushrooms. they are very dominant. some dust in the air could add atmosphere.great work!


We need your support. Do you think we can support this project together?   via 


    I love him the same way you do. :( Wanna share him? :D


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 65


Cloud Platform Blog: Offline Disk Import and the OmNomNom Machine  TOMARAM VERGONHA NA CARA E COMEARAM A VOTAR DSFHASL The Walking Dead  


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Kludne nalad radiospin.cz. S Dianom nas spoveda Nobody ( Radio Spin 96.2 w/    v koupeln :DDD            appeared to be a sound idea yesterday might not be so app... More for Taurus  Kosher food is so delicious. I'm feeling like I have a food orgasm :)))


Further impressions from the CE-Workshop 2013 in Laubusch  - remote presentation from Dresden  Ouch. One smell my cats didn't abide by was tea tree oil. Maybe try putting some on 'naughty door' to keep him away?


" It's abnormal to know everything about anyone. In the span of human history, privacy is the norm."
- Oliver Sim


The best way to love a person is when you can't explain why you love that person


 great. I'll be there too... will go to NFC in Stockholm too


Moldau can't focus on training or anything so he can't really change that, it's been like that since birth


 including u. I simpan lagi printscreen tweet u. :))


I have unlocked a new battleground  'Arizona - Observatory'. Join me in combat!    


Pro   Temporary rules at Richmond Golf Club after German bombs hit the course in 1940  fixing scandal in English football. Six people arrested.     


I liked a  video  [Official Video] I Need Your Love - Pentatonix (Calvin Harris feat. Ellie Goulding


Drowsy Sleepy People - Best of Just for Laughs Gags:  via 


  Good Luck and same procedure Thema yesterday!


  ahahahaha i knew it!! coz only one person cn tne that!!! ahahahaha 


pergh . pompuan dalam sukan sea ni hat laqi ni. ada six packs woo. nak cenni gak -.-


Photoset: duckodeath: Youtube link to playlist for Selling Hitler (1991) This is an utterly mad story that...  a nice weekend at Budapest before the graft starts!


 sounds very busy ; 0) senfing you some cookies  we call them   after playtime 4:00-7:00 h Atelier Club. See ya :-) 


  I'm nice man. We still need another person to play.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.63C, Marc 21.5C ac foris 5.63C vre esse.


 [nihgt ralam] (1934) Sam Hardy, p:mayor c:USA poin: 11


I think Christmas in LA is growing on me. once I made my peace with the fact it's an alt country song &amp; not Stuart Price all is well. XD


Boom. My first Church on  ( Stift Melk | Melk Abbey)   stats: 5 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               138


Spurs still only 6 points behind us, PL crazy this year.


Tipo me babona... Mais uma fantastic pic by janiopeterli.     great Reality Check  &amp;  :) esp. loved the use of the Day of the Doctor footage. sending regards to editor :)


St. Stephen's cathedral in pop art variation the perfect letter S of my   sometimes i dont understand why I am doing this.. RT  I am running out of people I actually like.


bigbadvampire: if it was damon he would take her bridal style just saying  can tell im under tha weather....MY CUTZ SICK!!!! Lol   lucky you. You are not being compared so much then.


      Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  stats: 9 followers, 9 unfollowers and followed 8 people via  emg km ngefollow siapa?=))RT  Jan aku malu ih typo tp ngefollow typonya gimana dongggggRT  Ngomong (1/2)


A vherci, ktr budou moct dnes veer na Moguaie do Duplex, Prague, Czech Republic jsou:
 Any Abgaryan (Praha)...  liked a  video  The Wolf of Wall Street Official Trailer


 I'm so so glad we are not in the times of arranged marriages still. Because I would be totally screwed. 


 lmfaoooo yeah instead u went straight to the bar


What a hard job ...         so this is perfect. Pure  From concept to real.  i8  


Just loved "Tru Thoughts presents Unfold 08.12.13" by  on   pkn! It's Always Christmas When I Think of You:  concept to watch...McDonald's hopes 3rd window will quiet Twitter gripes  prvni epizode se Peaky Blinders jevi bajecne. BBC gangsterka z Londyna pocatku 20.stoleti, Cillian Murphy a Sam Neill. 


10    C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


Why am I watching David's regeneration? I mean okay, then there's Matt but this regeneration was the most painful moment in my life.


 Yeah, I really missed the breeding after the spanking.


 [igb wtno] (1947) Richard Lydon, p:editor c:USA poin: 8


Softening up the police on  apparently MT     Not A Princess' Ad Campaign Pushes Female Empowerment  they're out. so am I.I feel like the right side of my head's been lobotomised. wouldn't mind if certain physician stopped by to heal me


I've collected 17,281 gold coins!    


voc pega o celular em 100%   - 
ve o twitter  
instagram   
 whatsapp  
facebook  
10% de bateria


Ew, those disconnected  lessons  (via 


 Jawaban benar: five minutes from the station,  29/355354 poin


Sysadm definition from an irclog: &lt;lanc&gt; well: if you are already a bitter, sarcastic, disappointed perfectionist - get to be a unix admin


I'm laughing cause my sibs want me to audition sa the voice LMAO whateven hahahaha


 Yes. I was sleeping :D How about yourself? Did you party?


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
     Njn halt kdyz nekdo nesupportuje kulturu, je to tezke. Looking at you  !


 yeah.. s 22o lang npbyaan ko shop ko ng ilang araw... pero aun nkbangon din. Big help ang chwirer at old chwirer frends


           the fun of having your name on a Coke, with me!  


Photo:  follow me on twitter   | via Tumblr on We Heart It....  great.... when i can do it irl?    


Reasons to love Yixing: his sensitive neck (a weakness sometimes exploited by others)  dosly kacky asi...ale plevel se tam treba prodere


 seems cool ^^ how long have you been working on that?


 Forum registration. We will be waiting for you at  campus to continue registration in the morning!  Jawaban benar: vietnam: a television history,  29/343560 poin


Obama Commutes Sentences Of 8 for life Inmates Convicted Of non violent Crack Offenses  US medieval crazy (1/2)


36 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


Photoset: Reasons to loveYixing:  he always does his best even when hes injured  Looks like u went to many captivating, exciting places and had many adventures.


10 best cities for a winter vacation. Number 1 is PRAGUE!!!  Eh...don't worry, dad, I'll be careful but not with him :-p


FedFans the best :) RT  Some big  fans in the crowd!   Value Leaps 100% in a Day as Market Cap Passes $1bn  via 


Always a relief to get a bit of a break  days before having to send ideas out.


My brother's bunny joined us for the Christmas holidays. His name is John and his hair is awesome ^^  what ppl say whn we're tgthr, u know I wanna be the 1 who hold you when you sleep. I just want it to be u&amp;i forever


Like a vial of perfumed oil, God has to bruise me in order to use me.     


New tune! Some kind of Club, label it how you will :)  wrong with being mummy's boy I got love for my mum


 Happy birthday  my dear ! ;) Have a nice time with family and Elenour! Merry  Christmas and Happy New Yer! ;)


After the embarrassment of social relationship, i found out the fact of tabacco cosumption by countries.  Austria...  "added an interesting new feature to its [free] app for Android smartphones: WiFi Do Not Track" -  (French text)


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  JELLY BREAD  LP  same 1969  Evening


 lol tbh i don't ship them but i still think they're too cute xD but it's hard w shinee ships..all of them are so precious &lt;3


         back together, now all they have to do is come to Europe!!! 12 years, 12 fucking years been a fan!!


YouTube Comment Reconstruction  - 'One Direction: What Makes You Beaut...:  via 


 But it's cool to act cool while some people think you're not cool. Trolololol! :D


   Tereza Maxova  charity gala in Prague. Thank you!  Saturday is going to be just as bad as the last. I can already feel it.


We wish our co founder  a happy birthday, say thank you and looking forward for more exciting times.


Waiting for a text back...5 minutes later &amp; still got the . 


 who's out on the Friday night??? Is Mr &amp; Mrs Durks out?


Photo: shadow art Ive seen these and they really amaze me. So absolutely profound. Art is truly life.  just voted for Lily/Robin   Retweet to vote  via 


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x18


I can't breathe out of my nose .. Can I get over this please 


   Its lie! Hitler attended football match just once....


Bust of Tagore in Prague, located on Thakurova Ulice (Tagore Street) -   [lhy:eolb in vecisre of eth doenm] (2008) Mike Mignola, p:making-of c:USA poin: 32


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Postal 2 Complete on Raptr!  want to be known as a considerate friend who puts the wish... More for Aquarius  time with such a good friend        
Rejection
Your final breath 
Is my possession.


turned the spund of for the 1D people. is it over? yay


 stands trial in  along with two other activists. A verdict to be delivered on Sunday.  have Patch on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 I have lemsip and give great cuddles? But my collie is 4 years old :(


Silence doesn't mean I quit, it means you're just not worth it anymore.


No jasne, hned co jsem to napsala, tak zhaslo. TAK ALE CO JE?!


 Jawaban benar: just around the corner,  22/322375 poin


Lb se mi video   All Black's Haka + Translation


   I understand. Thanks for clarifying. I welcome his representation. Has he perhaps arrived already?


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


It not where you have come from, it's where you're at that matters. 


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 67


 [!icaxlm] (1954) Ethel Waters, p:soviet c:USA poin: 7


It feels like sumthings heating up  can i leave wit u 


The Cogress by Ari Folman is now available online at  for viewing and streaming.   it's hard not to think constantly of the book when faced with so many examples


This Guys Wife Got Cancer, So He Did Something Unforgettable. The Last 3 Photos Destroyed Me.  via 


Super PAC Gets Early Start on Pushing for a 2016 Clinton Campaign 


Bushra Gohar says the Azam Hoti affair is  payback for the party's opposition to Islamic radicalism.
 [dd:cieei odaymosd in a.l.] (2007) Steve Asheim c:USA poin: 25


Asthma Tips &amp; Advice on Smashwords:    


Capaldi wearing a kilt is really not that surprising (pulling live animals out of it tho...) but Paul McGann? ha! look at them Time Lords...


Great Tip  "WordPress Admin Theme Redesign", a project on    


Flirting is a promise of sexual intercourse without a guarantee.


J Wing ft K Wing - Make It Bang (Prod By Dullah Beatz) [Music Video]  via 


  hi guys, please  follow me, i love you so muchhhhh &lt;3 8


Woody Pitney - You Can Stay (Official Music Video):  via 


 apartemen batmen di kalibata ya?bisa kali main ketaman makam pahlawan._.main sama pahlawan catwomen smbil dengerin coveranmu


27 RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


From one of the best trilogy I've ever seen   last night of my European tour. Been working since October 25th, singing every day/night for a              [eoclwem ot wpoo owpo] (1997) Janice Oxenbould, p:didgeridoo c:Australia poin: 20


 [uunesr rnsut] (1946) Frank Graham, p:crow c:USA poin: 12


 I've now submitted three support request over the last 1 and a half days and still no response.


... now I have to get out of bed and put clothes on.


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                           72


using PhpStorm File Watcher to render  documentation on change, nice


Odeslal jsem 2 fotek na Facebook do alba Prague stuff  2:11:40 UTC+9, 
Location 155km NE of Prague_CZ, 
ML3.1, TNT673.6kg, 
Depth 10.0km


...Since 4 years,  I try you noticed me but It never came true !  But it's my biggest dream  I love you ..


 uses to travel a lot and guess what: he has already been to  How  is that?!   
via 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.0C, Marc 20.63C ac foris 3.13C vre esse.


51  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


when you meet that person with that name that changes everything


Just woke up, hadn't slept 3 days previous to this... It's 6:33pm. I thought I was still nighttime when I first awoke. 


Best body in grade 9 (top 3)?  Rashad, faris and tari  [werhe eth auflofb roma] (1938) Curt Massey, p:hideout c:USA poin: 22


I wouldnt be surprised if  say tomorrow that D Marc Staal has mild concussion. He took two heavy hits to jaw against 


My work is really stupid..Now Im watching  episode No. 194


 well it's tough but Manu have just found  he keeps  in the game.


Legs feel like I took a lap or two around the world 


that moments in the mirror u know...   Grieve knew what he was saying and was right to say it. By all means ask him to explain, but he should...  do you maintain indigenous laws and anticipate increased investment? 


 A good chance for your hair to grow again ;) Thank you! You too XX


 ae no, never again! Am guilt-ridden right now. I feel so bad. I had a moment of weakness :''(


 Not mentioning who was spamming you about this cool idea? Truck you. &lt;/3


I favorited a  video  Four Door Supercars - Top Gear - Series 15 - BBC


26th International Biennial of Graphic Design Brno 2014
Graphic Design, Education &amp; Schools
19. 6.  26. 10. 2014...  - VIVA releases their 2nd LP called "Dealers Of The Night" - with a Fantasttic Cover of "Some kind Of Wonderful"  Jawaban benar: antara timur dan barat,  22/9282 poin


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           601


-50%       pro  (7,6 cm (3   QWERTZ-Tastatur,...   


 did you like the part where I dance with Emma Watson?


So wake me up .....         yeah I agree. He seems like a good kid. Comes from an extremely tough background. Really rooting for him.


'Only Lovers Left Alive' Offizieller Clip - Blut am Stiel - deutsch | ge...:  via  sounds delicious.


Being too skinny or too rude gets you no where fast.


Lb se mi video  od autora   More Than A Thousand - Roadsick


Here is my wish list  *wink wink*
I woke up today and saw I received some...  Katic    Pls RT to vote again.


Time for play!!               you've got a starring role in my  Twitter video:  


There's the BBM girlfriend, WhatsApp girlfriend, Twitter girlfriend and Facebook girlfriend, so which girlfriend are you?


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


Anime Special: Digimon (My Card Collection) - BobisBlog:  ber 


 Jawaban benar: mother carey's chickens,  23/365934 poin


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   The Beach Boys - I Get Around


  TL;DR Steam-only DLC and Steam-only beta patches are worse than Hitler.


 cus! RT  Sawung Jabo, Oppie Andaresta, Roy Jeconiah Akan Tampil di Konser 'Tribute To Gombloh'  he wrote that and I think it would be great I don't believe that he'll leave that fast


Lb se mi video   POMPEII - Official Trailer (2014) [HQ] Kit Harington, Emily Browning


Google Webmaster Tools Search Queries Adds Mobile Stats &amp; No Longer Rounds Data  space: 'Jade Rabbit' lunar mission blasts off - BBC News  


So this is how I look now!!        best part of Zelda Musou is that Castle town and Hyrule field look like San d'Oria and Ronfaure.


NINTH CIRCLE signed a worldwide deal with PURE ROCK RECORDS/PURE STEEL RECORDS!: NINTH CIRCLE (USA) have signe...  [rbaanok] (1992) Kiki Fatmala, p:Action c:Indonesia poin: 7


Next week first team meeting in ... !happy to meet my new teammates. ;)


Chromecast in 2014: an open SDK, big international plans and maybe even new devices  Tech News and Analysis  oh! *hides astonishment, looks you in the eyes* Yes, Master! *Manages to unbutton shirt, still looks in the eyes*


Facebook's 'Teen Problem' Is More of a Media Problem  Hot dog stand was great before, but now its even better!    


3DS Avi Reichental Lectures at Singularity University  


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Gucci Handbags Official Website 75% off sale Lowest Possible Price! $189 Fast Shipping Buy Now!  listening to Imagine Dragons Radio on Pandora  


 [akcj rmasogntr] (1947) Wheeler Oakman, p:death-ray c:USA poin: 14


 great. do you plan to bring this cool Service also to Europe? 


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


" Me: *accidentally bullies you in an attempt to flirt*"


Nice pants ... What's the drop rate ?  pick up lines xD


Podoba mi si film O.S.T.R. - freestyle "Buty" - Faktoria Kultury w    w/ packing Xmas gifts - now ready to take them to the post office


     she said he has to look out in april :-))))))) look at it on pc its funny


Czech press survey - November 23: Prague - The negotiations about the forming of a next Czech government...  


 I talked about FOB in class last week, I got an A :))))


Getting Started as a Freelance Translator: starts Monday  


I should be studying. Wth is wrong with me? Have an exam in one week


Marquei como visto Baby Daddy - 2x13 - All Riled Up  


 psh, people in england were probably saying 'mum' before the USA even existed, nerd


"We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all."


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                           67


Some people say it is hard to be a sport reporteur. Why? :)    defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.


My friend &amp; colleague  on why a donation to help build Citizen Desk 2.0 will help news orgs everywhere:  Christmas cactus is finally lit up! Merry x-mas everyone!      at home  lecture 28.11.; 10.30 a.m. in Dresden: The Electronic Adventure - Engineering a Better Future   sure if I'm late on this or early but good luck today  Lylam. Love you like a mermaid.


And now watch how nobody will talk to me. As always XD


Every Death in 'Game of Thrones' in One Spoiler-Free Image  you heard?  and  are giving away a KINDLE PAPERWHITE or $100 Amazon Gift Card!  hat echt What does the Fox say? genommen?  Diese Serie ey.


Nothing is impossible for you, you hold my world in your hands


 Thank u! it's lovely but we were hoping for a little bit of snow 


Biting Elbows - 'Bad Motherfucker' Official Music Video  Maybe you were right. I have opened Fonts twice. I used Fontcase regularly.


Good morning my Friends &amp; Dears &amp; Follower. I wish you a beautiful Merry christmas with their Family..Enjoy it.&lt;3&lt;3  Hey    you were my golden followers in  See the video:  


Miluju n stromeek.      but with the passing time it feels like wait, what exactly did we get with that one &amp; nothing much comes to mind.


Christian Louboutin Shoes Store,www(.)christianlouboutinfriday(.)com,71% OFF,New Styles,Free Shipping!No Tax!


Backpacking Europe begins tomorrow! First stop : Poland


You're the one that gives your all.
You're the one I can always call.
When I need you make everything stop. 
Finally you put my love on top


 omyl.. Dospelost prichazi az budes slavit stedrej vecer bez rodicu s partnerem a prckem :)


 Hey, where exactly is that korean couple waiting for PS4 you wrote Kotaku post about ? I will may go to Seoul tomorrow :)


a dvd to come out, a dvd to be delivered to my house, a book to come out, my death


8. Sagad2 cmu mag langoy idol taka hahaha. Kag may mga utang pako LAST YR nga way ko pa nabaydan OOPS. Hahaha. Goodluck cya ;D


  awww, you lucky girl... I'd love his follow soooooo much as well  :-(


"What is that voice?"
"Some little faggot in my head"



 Jawaban benar: desert nights,  13/318922 poin


Why Buy Wrapping Paper When You Can Print These at Home?  you shouldnt (and probably dont) need them on the onscreen keyboard, but they should definitely work with HW keyboard


 amboii . Nakal eh ? Hahah okay Bila you and I free kita dating . Hahaha


Sleeping beauty Filomena The Queen         readable order numbers plugin for VirtueMart, now supporting user defined pattern and automatic update -    I always have too much fun at these meetups :)


 Pardon me, Amanda. You can hate Chichay all you want but you will never experience what Joaquin is


 I am afraid not. I can offer volume, educational and non-profit discounts. Email me.


Photo: (via Urban Soul Suite Presents Tosha Riea 34783 | HustleBunny)   OMG :DDDDDDDDDDD FANTASTIC! *makes begging movements* Pleeaaase??? :D


Last.fm loses almost 4m as UK income plummets 70%  via 


Turns out theres a phase for something I do more than Id like to admit: the California no.


From conf.  Putin wants to keep  and  as a part of sphere of influence because number of Russians decreases.


I just voted for Castle/Beckett   Retweet to vote  via 


 get well soon! Hope we catch up again soon. Hugs xx


I've collected 36,410 gold coins!    


Hm lupa pulak nak bagi gambar moist chocolate cake dekat group whatsapp HAHAHAHAHA


   It isn't properly weighted around the customizable points, someone should fix that.


 Mirror:
lyrics = perfect
production = perfect
vocals = perfect
.
.
Mirror is perfect.


 Jawaban benar: brideless groom,  15/356663 poin


 Jawaban benar: displaced person,  16/368650 poin


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA overrated hahahah hahah hahah ha fuck off you cunts you're stupid


George Osborne's Autumn Statement was painful to watch  especially for Ed Balls: Watching George Osborne maki...  Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Mon, 25 Nov 2013, let us all send Jill Hennessy the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (45)


The more I listen to our  LP pre productions, the more I love it.. Cant wait to have it recorded.


 Did your officers have to push it out? Am feeling sorry for them if that was the case 


Amazon chce drony, ale Google si rovnou koupil sedm robotickch firem...  happening to me. I wasn't perving over Eccleston when he was on Who. (totally perved over McGann. will perve over PCap too.)


1977 - "DAVID BOWIE" recorded  "Heroes" which recorded also in German - in a Fantastic Live Version !!  Hoffman: Posmrtn popularita | Nzory a argumenty  please:) thanks  jangan di anon, please  Boys who have cats as pets are my weakness"  [nrdba pskginna] (2004) Floella Benjamin c:UK poin: 14


VC's get your checks out. It's time to put some money into  startups.


 Sean, your strategy really works in this momentum mkt, congrats,TWTR, APPL etc. ... btw. BRCM fight with JUL gap?


58  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Mau followers banyak tanpa following?
 why not?

kami beri solusinya, dapatkan Fllwrs, RT, dan fav! sekaligus detil:
 Prague - Lou Reed tribute highlights links between Velvet Underground and Velvet Revolution  via 


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


I love the GoodReads app, but don't get why you can't rate directly after scanning. User-tests must have shown this is a common usecase. 


Drinking a glass of water before a meal helps you eat less.


Shumacher is trying keep a sharp eye on me   Place Of Love  liked a  video  Tisto - Red Lights (Pete Tong World Exclusive 11.29.13)


   more power = more responsibility =&gt; its the law :)


How it works       I told you not to read them steph. I told you! lol I love you too man!!


 [naap hings amotr] (2010) Vipin Sharma, p:infamous c:India poin: 16


I can see how much I've changed since I left home and I hate it.


   Mostly Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 6C and a low of 1C.


Cool name for a cute doll ;)!   It's from a tv show called Jim Jam and Sunny, and it's Sunny! :P


*Pic RT" Kea go etsa leng my 4hr ribs tota?   amaze me to see how excited the kids get when I come into the gym haha gym class just became number 1 for a lot of kids haha


  Plus, obfuscating a code base with apparently clever code creates cost as well. So shorter != less expensive


  ohhh it said many times to update, im just postponing :-))))))) will do on next announce :-)


5 reasons your startup is failing at PR | VentureBeat | Entrepreneur | by Jennifer L. Jacobson  people come to me to complain about K&amp;A storing public information.

I'll refer them now to Group-IB to complain first lol.


 lld:howoyo eth deognl ayesr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hollywood: the golden years


 Jawaban benar: winning the peace,  17/326913 poin


Thu, 28 Nov 2013, let us all send Ryan Kwanten the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (37)


 most of the time it's because of the songs used in the videos


Discovered the music of Feint for me. So nice and calming *_*


 timeoutuje prihlaseni pres android aplikaci. Overene pres jejich info linku.


I'd like to be a lionheart too - figuratively speaking xD. But I think I'm probably more of a coward, realistically :(


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba Poland army  tisice fotek z Imaginationu jsem dohromady na 3 a vsechny jsou nepouzitelny... A.k.a. Hell Party !!!


  my friends are in New Zealand now, but they can not found your beers.Where they can drink it? Help please


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


 My dear James,hope nobody of your loved ones wasnt in Apollo theatre during the accident,please confirm all is OK.X


Godzilla vs Stalin - 3 part short story from '93, set in Prague, starring Michael J Fox  just reached 25000 pool coins in 8 Ball Pool by Miniclip!   fangirlquest: The preview screening of Sherlock 3x02: The Sign of Three Chapter, Cardiff, UK -...  see  has decorated the Krause doors  


I just used  to sing along Me &amp; My Friends by    couple wgm. Kang gary being husband /cryhappiness/


A COMPLETE GUIDE TO COMMERCIAL SEMIOTICS by       RT  I'm in love with my NYE outfit...you guys want me to show you what I'm about to wear??


Watching that nut job Putin ring in 2014 with the Belarusians.  is like basketball - social media can pass the ball but you need other tools to dunk. Workshop w  


 [ibnruesd] (2000) Michelle Ryan, p:british c:UK poin: 8


 Ha, I had this Fiesta too! The sales kit of this Fiesta...As a souvenir....Fortune for a boy in the Eastern bloc


i bet this moment has something really amazing to offer.


Vintage Hair Pin Czech Aurora Borealis Hair by prettyinprague  via 


International scientific article competition of young scientists and students Marketing and management...  this woman is so talented had the chance to see her and greet her.


Movember? RT  The greatest mustache in the world in 1977, 157 cm long  20 Dec 2013, let us all send Charlie Callas the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (86)


Oke sayang :* ilysmbabyy{}{}&lt;3&lt;3 RT  " InsyaAllah sehat sayang:*{}&lt;3 RT "


Your life seems quite complicated today, as the evocative Moon... More for Gemini  lebay ah feni kamana atu a mah RT    nuju seer emutan duh gusti tolong instal ulang otakku haaa


   In Prague 2013 he had different boots July 26th than 27th..


 insightful text on cyber-libertarianism by   


 all I know is that she says. "I'm throughhhhhhhhhh" 


Christmas Ends in Prague: Traditional Christmas exhibition in the basement of the church 'Bethlehem Chapel' is...   proud of you my sist  "work bitch"  cit. Coatney. If u only knew how much I am of you 


 [husoe of ororhr] (1929) William V. Mong c:USA poin: 15


UBIC: A Service 4 Corporate Counsel that Helps it Cope w/ Big Data, Other Challenges The Metro...   


Whats perfect isn't real and whats real isn't perfect 


 [amn no teh unr] (1949) Laurence Harvey, p:deserter c:UK poin: 14


Dah handsome dah cousin aku sorang ni. Bukan sixpack, tapi 'eightpack' dia ada ._. Hahaha


Meir Javedanfar's Blog: The Iranians behind the Israeli rescue missions  pes 


blow your dreams blow your dreams blow your dreams away with me  Justin Bieber


 and beat "that school up north" and then beat "that other school up north"


 Good luck, thank you to everyone that will be a good


 looooooooooouissssss, mds tell meeeeeee please, I really love u


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  be honest, I was always jealous of my family and friends who always seemed to be well off.


"Your bra strap is showing"
Oh no *terrified*
No one can know that a teenage female wears a bra
someone call Victoria cause her secret's out


Chrome does not have the Menu bar on Windows? WTF? Google is really arrogant when it comes to the user interface and usability...


Keep calm, GDs, whatever song it is, it's gonna be awesome as always.


 Just Announced: Pribram, Czech Republic - Dec 27 at Sachta Pribram  on consistent behaviour on pre-print handling.  considers pre-prints regular publications, thus they must be citable.


Profil Thickness Measurement System for Hot Rolling Mill in      favorited "Holly J * Girl Power Mix Radio Show on STROM:KRAFT..." Cloudcast by Holly J on Mixcloud  also should watch the Science of Doctor Who with that Cox dude. watched some before midnight yesterday &amp; remember nothing. XD


 There is already Siri-like assistant on WP8 and Cortana will be just updated version of this, but I guess I can add it as well.


 I hope you do. :-) Prague has a great community of photographers and a wealth of things to shoot. Also some great camera stores.


Our designer Klra umov prepares new decorations in the apartment in Vladislavova Street. We'll keep you posted! ;)  please, follow my friend   she loves you!!! x


Hii, can you please like 15 of my answers and ask me? It would mean a lot  thank you so much!   later, sorry  of Thrones'u byle heyecanl izlemiyorduk he. spoiler vereni dve.............


 Jawaban benar: driving force,  13/21865 poin


Fascinujc: Chinese Families with All their Stuff   via 


 Good to get it out of the way today. Normally have to wait until after the Brussel sprouts for the high winds, lol KTF


Nov s Chance The Rapper, kterho sem slyela live ped Macklemorem!) Justin Bieber - Confident ft. Chance The Rapper  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


  Do whatever you want... I don't care anymore... This pissed me off enough now...


Your feet are planted firmly on the ground today, yet the Moon... More for Sagittarius  I will be in London for Adventure expo. Will you be around, my good man? :)


 Wow. He was partying on Australian time, wasn't he? :s


My wife's plane delayed 2 1/2 hours out of Munich. Means she might not get home til tomorrow. Boooooooo!


Lb se mi video   Deez Nuts - Band Of Brothers (Official Live HD Video)


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           595


Pastor - Anipiu ft. S.Barracuda (prod. YT On The Beat) OFFICIAL VIDEO:  pes 


 You left my house,then went to hers.  The feelings must be realbest tweet 


South Korea:  cable TV association leads rural TV white space trial -  (article in Korean)


Theres a lot of peace of mind to be gained in thinking carefully and in detail about how badly things could go.  Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


 Jawaban benar: pete,  4/6532 poin  1/364429 poin


      haven't seen anything more accurate


(F:NW) Tak jsem vyvradil Brotherhood of Steel. Ani z toho nemm patn pocit, laser &amp; plasma guns for free!


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 113 - "We have aliens":  prostednictvm 


 Thanks for following! I write about travel in Czech Rep. and E. Europe. Check out my blog at     and ROSS, thank you for being so lovely and kind with all of us! means a lot! much love!


I wanted to get sad that noone thinks of me but then I realized I got a drunk text last night. Woohoo.


why do the teachers choose to pile assignments, projects and tests on the last 3 days of school..


IKR Theyre No Auction All of them are except the Caliburn one


 yep  *big hug* so sad, and I don't like fancams but must see it!  ahh, so wish I live in Seoul :(


 Welcome to the Pack! We will see you here next Fall, Congratulations!


I guess she just too much looking at the mirror. " Grogi Saat Menikah, Poppy Bunga Muntah-muntah  pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 are you using any browser extensions for Pixiv? Mine got kinda fucked up and I can't find a working script


" Semalam cakap dgan ibu nak nasi ayam and today ibu buat nasi ayam " Kecoh je pompuan ni, bak sikit


Bitcoin Goes to Washington: The Case for and Against Digital Currency  These girls:    Missin' the gang! See you on the 6th! :* =))


Have I already told ya what a sexy bastard Stradlater is? No kidding, he really is


I don't know if it was a good idea to start reading all the Johnlock fanfics


netaudionews: Insanity13 - Get Your Clothes Off    


10 Tips for Improving Your Mobile Advertising Campaign  collected 28,692 gold coins!    


  So play online tournys and you get a invite! Our first Lan will be SkyLan.


I love people who write I follow you back, but they won't do it ..


Watch live FC Energie Cottbus vs FSV Frankfurt - German 2. Bundesliga  2013 - Solarstone:  prostednictvm 


Listen tonight to FluxFM and an interview with Otto Baum about his project  in Berlin.  Photographer's Guide to the Fujifilm...  Christmas Surprise Will Make You Believe in Santa  Streamate model LOLLI &amp; Pamella Am !!!  Join to:    Personal blog:   job losing my bags,  especially during the holiday season


 
Hi :-)  Thanks for welcome :-) How are you?
Noch mit HP unterwegs?


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Cutting the nose, lips and ears: Brutality against  women at record level
 You want it, you got it - KISS Kruise IV, baby!   documentation better than  or  simply because of commercial development?   Ale jak k moudrost agilnch kmet: Refactor mercilessly!  Ah there's even setlist.. that's good I always have to decide on place. Luckily I always go with mum and we bring two cameras and


i can't read this nope i've been waiting for this moment for months i can't believe it's finally come


 [het itdpsu iupcd] (1944) Arthur Q. Bryan, p:cupid c:USA poin: 16


 My professor and mentor, Harry Reese, always told me, "Poetry is news that stays news." Your work is proof. Please keep it up!


 that one is great- this one is also awesome... Made me cry and won an oscar.
 I'm a girl, and Yes, I got on   during school at 1:00 to see if James Winston was guilty or not.


I've collected 28,395 gold coins!    


Work and Travel USA!      is the best  sister, hands down. 


aww She twatch me and we dont even go out yet lol i can digg it though


 [eoph sprsign] (2003) Frank Collison, p:small-town c:UK poin: 12


1 Peter 2:3     You have already tasted the goodness of the Lord.


 Well, you chose to focus on climate again. Failure to address poverty will inevitably worsen human suffering *much* more.


 this state is beautiful this weather makes us stronger where else can you get wings and potato skins at any time of the day


I liked a  video from   Crafk hraje HC 


Berliiiiin! I'm comming, i cant wait for new year party in    haha... 


I'm sooo confused... Don't know what to think about it... Sexy guys And cute kittens!

 Dragon - Ritual Union (Kiss The Dragon Edit)  wrivo is like 110% painful cuteness what have i done


3 Practical Ways to Boost Your Google+ Profile  via 


I liked a  video  Greetings from Chuck (The epic christmas split)


 nicmene API se chysta, akorat v soucasne dobe chybi.


Ryan Gosling And Rachel McAdams Dating? Fingers Crossed!  via 


Simon might look a little weird and not exactly like someone you should approach but he's actually a really nice guy


I voted for Castle. Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via     Haftbefehl-Blockplatin, Azad&amp;Kool Savas-One, Kool Savas-vechny alba;-), Shindy-NWA


Watch how people all over Europe create a shared New Years Eve celebration via Vine and Instagram!     a journalist just few hours ago beaten up by ISI in Peshawar--- yea journalism is still journalism


Just arrived: first delivery from  That was fast! Thank you.       don't sleep. Really! It's not normal. They must sleep and eat. 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           457


:) WestJet Christmas Miracle: real-time giving:  via 


Check out the new Promo - Mix mixed by Nikola Toni!...  by vam s nasim tymem (v cele s dr. Bratkovou) nevadilo spolupracovat, pridejte se." ... Nu .D  


 [dnaicd dinadc ecmaar uvlmeo 6] (1987) Allen Funt c:USA poin: 29


        stats: 8 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  at Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station (Praha) w/ 19 others  Just Announced: Brandenburg, Germany - Feb 15 at Manhattan  but the goose is for lunch (i forgot to mention that) dinner is only on 24th :-) then prezzies then more food lol


 I actually found macklemore while looking for artists from Seattle, and he came up back in '09 and I'm a huge fan ever since. YES


That ower  (Julena &amp; Jason McCann):  ber 


 When someone plays with my hair    Anna this is you


Touchdown! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 27 others)  I actually found all buttons at one place kindly reassuring. I haven't expected that. 


Walt Mossberg: The Exit Interview - 
After 22 years as The Wall Street Journal's tech columnist, Mossberg ..  noticed you can double click the split bar to make apps 50/50.   


from Michel Fortin Tip  How to Turn Vanity Into Value  tomorrow. Short visit. Been a long while, looking much forward to it.


The cold weather has transformed my flawless face into a rough one


 maybe you have send links in a DM? twitter no longer accept links in it than they have Problems with it. I just found out


Satirical Steeri video humorously shows off Siri-powered driving  hari yang cerah dengan jiwa yang semangat,bismillahirrahmanirrahim..


 at least it supports the idols a little bit and it's not like that all the money goes to the company and the idols just get


10:33 DL/OE5IRO/P (Ingeborg) on DM/BM-257 (Lamberg, 602m, 6pt) 14.285 ssb: aso dl/oe5rtp/p [EA1DFP]


 [eth newrod yeras] (1988) William Lanteau, p:1960s c:USA poin: 16


finally finished what feels like 100th letter to a university admissions office... adulting is so exhausting


2 Pet 3:8 But dont forget this one thing, dear friends: To the Lord a day is like a thousand years, and a thousand years is like a day.


 guys think I need a XL beer, metal and hard rock music and head bangin like there's no tomorrow. In two words, 


 for everything you've done and I just love you


New sounds online! DJ AKA - Let Go [preview]  on 


  well that seems alright then! oooh I can hardly wait! even though I've got to do some uni work till then ... argh :(


OUT NOW!!! Nom3k with Bounce!!!

Released on our Partnerlabel Kombat Records!!!

Remixes by: Van Van Pain, Gerry...  night was incredibly fun. Africanos are awesome


It's very hard to think straight in the States with people constantly telling you how to think.


I liked a  video from   TedxVienna - Niko Alm - The End of Freedom of Religion


Qualcomm Insider: Apple 64-Bit Chip `Hit Us in the Gut' &gt;&gt;  ride...in my dream....every night...and soon in real i hope^^      tomorrow is going to be mad! :D looking forward!


Google partners with Audi, GM, Honda, Hyundai and Nvidia to take Android into cars  always find out that it hurts after it shatters


Gawa gawa din ng costume para sa Reporting bukas.. Buti na lang.. Naisip ko to. Haha!


I've harvested 1,047 of food!    


iOS 7 untethered Jailbreak released from Evasi0n | 9to5Mac  those projections are very encouraging, although I cant keep to it. But near it maybe. Hopefully.


Drinking an Easy Rider by Pivovar Nomad  Pivn rozmanitost   hiiiii babe
Why is impossible you know that i love you?


;) Prej njakej  v Praze |  X  ( Arena Sparta) [pic]:  to just hope that I've actually passed the exam.


 wnaikg lief tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: waking life


 Supermalt is such an under-rated drink. Thank you!


"We at Amnesty International have always been clear that we oppose the inclusion of any person reasonably...  not a joke, I'll hang you wit it after I teach u the ropes..


i've had my headphones in for like an hour with no music playing


awesome :)
10 reasons to love science, as told by the awesome  (via   Christians we need to shift the dynamic from professing what we are against to proclaiming what we are for.  


reinstalled  w/ all software and files in less than 3 hours. 
that has to be a record!


and that's what it sounded like, BFlow as a contestant. his mike turned all the way up &amp; the rest of the band as a tape. weird,


Facebook recognition of Kosovo does not change a thing.  is 


Christmas in Prague is a magical time. As you enjoy the Christmas markets and charming, snow covered Old Town,...   Our gallery of the most stunning space images of 2013   can't wait to see the next episode! what will control do? :D 
best wishes for 2014! it's the best drama series ever!


Perfect start for the boys, but we need to keep it up now.    


I liked a  video  [Official Video] Little Drummer Boy - Pentatonix


 [kyo-a rof nosud] (1937) Louis Pergantes c:UK poin: 15


About to go to the cinema with my brother to see a German movie... well let's hope its not as cringeworthy as they usually are ^^


 [vero ecoffe] (2010) Mike Meehan, p:boss c:USA poin: 11


Just learned from  Tutorials that "Round" is a fucking awesome tool o-O


 [ihlantkna uhalmttmtia] (2002) Master Suraj, p:civil-war c:India poin: 21


Big Data User Group Dresden -   Big Data User Group Treffen am 8.01.2014


 I could have ordered it for you as a Christmas pressie if I knew it :-P


Srbija je upravo dobila World Dance Champion 2013  Lara Leko (10years old)    to Obama, Islamist militants will be the ultimate victors in Iraq and Afghanistan: President Barack Oba...  Just downloaded "Wizard (Visionaire Remix)" by   -  (via 


What? Again? Haha RT  What topic should i tweet as a curator or twt_malaysia? Suggestions?


12:45 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/ST-038 (Ostr, 538m, 2pt) 14.062 cw: *CQ CQ at 25 wpm. S/N=10 dB at GW8IZR {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


Its amazing how things change over time... someone that meant the world to me just last year around this time now means nothing 


Pinterest Is Gaining Ground on Facebook and Twitter for News  collected 19,467 gold coins!    


   l am clearing my furniture right now bout to start this paryt. 


 please, follow my friend   she loves you!!! xxxx


   please follow me ..i love him he's my everything


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 3


Check out this great wine from Biondi-Santi. I'm giving it 4 of 5 stars with the Vivino app:  just ran 7,03 km  a 4'46"/km pace with Nike+.  


Yo mama is so fat, she uses BIG Launcher on Samsung Galaxy Note 3.  Learn to Play by Facebook's Changing Rules  neurophysiologist was injecting his dolphins with LSD, masturbating them to encourage cooperation and hanging out with Timothy Leary


I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Workshop "Bildkomposition"   Because this team deserves the PCA.

Castle   


 I am sure I also in january haha! :) enjoy nottingham har harrrr


Palestinian ambassador dies from an explosion in    be able to hear a new mix by me on  anniversary show this saturday!


  I don't understand how I received about the hill! -- devoid of ever becoming on best acne vulgaris


Pharmareferent m/w Region Cottbus und Berlin  Jobs Cottbus


 I think my sister also loves him :)) idk, she was telling something about "cutes guy" ever :))


This is the one thing about US public transport that we should import.  Beef Jerky in Prague!! Home made from our 100% grass fed dry aged beef (from our umava cows)  Smart Thermostat Maker Nest Now Worth $2 Billion  se mi video   Melody Circus | Savant | Synthesia [Piano]



Fabulous shot by my friend
  
My edit! 
Mirek is a great instagramer with a excellent feed  you can set a pace and sustain it until you reach yo... More for Taurus  just released an iTunes Session EP, ohmygod!  4 starts &gt; 2 minutes later Twilight comes in with a trollface and says "HAH, U GONNA NEED TO WAIT ANOTHER 3 MONTHS"


 On one hand, I want to travel. On the other hand, I want to be at home with my cat.


London most interesting sights. Just next to our London Apartments:   Ne-e, a to je dobre. A ano, davam si dalsi vesely kalisek od  - strasne mi to chutna.  a  


Zimbabwe needs 2nd wave of reconciliation. Black on black reconciliation. It's only way we can overcome our problems  


 Jawaban benar: surreal serial cereal,  21/332070 poin


  Sungyeol is such a cute little human being T.T Tao and Sehun were the first ones I liked in EXO ahaha. I still can't believe


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


A new favorite: Juzzie Smith -  The Keys (Florian Paetzold Edit) by   on 


 Thats true. I cant do such expensive ego boosting weight thingy. ^^


25  Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


This project is so stress full ...it's gone take days -.- fml


I got an invoice with reference "SELL ANNELI". I would never do that! 



" "don't trust nobody" , that's what my dead niggas keep telling me up in my dreams!"


 Then enjoy the gifts, have a good time and see you in May! ;-) Bye gi.


offler's experience with ordering Revolution XL 3D printer from QU-BD  


 [0300 mlesi to agdrnaecl] (2001) Jerry Sembach, p:rascal c:USA poin: 23


I am so tired and i go in my bed. Wish all guys and gals a good night :)  Sativa feat. Nikola Toni - Walking In The Sunshine (Micky La Freak Remix) by Digital Room Records  on 


 hello hello! hope the beginning of 2014 is good to you? :)


Monorail Cat is offline for maintenance.  // 


People who say "hope I'm not disturbing when they know very well that they are disturbing"  


Time for my  Maxiraw shake.     noky konen maj tvar jako noky!   from  and  with  Dortmund Issue 40m Warning to Manchester United for Marco Reus  created my very first mind map using  Very simple, very intuitive online tool! 


Lord of the rings is on totally glued to the screen


So thankful for prayers all day! Jack Everett Riche is here and weighing in at a whopping 9lbs 3oz and 22 3/4...  100 Most Anticipated Indie Games Of 2014 - Indie Statik  do I feel like everyone hates me? Oh well because I'am a teenage girl...I hate beeing a teenage girl!! 


its really happening woah im seeing you me at six in march goshh


          [ddwgien llbe subel] (1996) John Corbett, p:friendship c:USA poin: 18


  They are from two totally and exclusively different schools of thought, I would therefore nt put them in the same category


2014 Mitsubishi i MiEV electric car gets massive price cut ($6,130)  pes 


I've collected 16,557 gold coins!    


 [abyb scthnaer] (1992) James Van Harper, p:pregnant c:USA poin: 13


 Julien Eustache just sent us this video from his training in the USA!  oppa need some sleep  KhunreF_wink LMAO!!! What wrong with KHUNNIE!!? Lol 5555 cr : as tagged  how to have fun while dealing with customer service... "Hello, Captain Mike here!"   Hi Dina, Your card arrived today. Thank you so much!!! Love it. I really hope my gift for you will arrive in the next days too


 Business days :( So basically the end of November.


860m Africans have as much electricity as 6.5m Arizonans. They need cheap energy to emerge from poverty:  


 Dresden News Interview mit dem Crowdfunding-Projekt Carlo:Eco - YouTube  


y'all may have been eating turkey last week when this went out. what our art wants to tell us.  do you need a favoutite number? It's just like having your favourite Monotreme. Mine is Platypus btw.


I've collected 30,462 gold coins!    


 Thank you for the great podcast with Paddy &amp;Vlad. Finally played it and laughed a lot. Gooood job man :-) cheers


Dark silicon. No, that's not the dark side, but about how to better use unused parts of the chip  Streamate model LOLLI !!!  
Join to:    Personal blog:    A co jste tedy rikal? :) Porad nevim, nebo hledat niz? :)


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I'm at Passport Control - Prague Airport (Prague 6, Prague)  long does thia fucking pizza need ?
Go on pizza !
I wanna eeeaaattt !!!!


Seth: well it's a perfectly OK dress.very ancient Rome.but I dunno..he just can do better, more original &amp; cooler than this! 


Prago v Brn jak Queen v Budapeti (Melodka, Brno, 7.11.2013)  pes 


Yes We Knit con   pasin por sus hilos y fibras naturales  Cube Go to Church .ft Snoop Dogg lyrics:  via  if you scared go to church


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


If I ever get a Christmas jumper it has to be this    always think weird is cool,
because I'm weird and I hope that that's ok.
-Jared Leto


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         303


My new sounds: Trance Up (by Underground Infinity)  on 


Amboii cahh jangan macam tu. Haha, focus je kat baby baru KITA hahahaha 


esse povo que confunde ask com twitter pra avaliar fc olha


Campaign against  - was sceptical first, but live seen DDOS attack confirms my gut feeling  [maifyl onooyhenm] (1949) Paul Harvey, p:honeymoon c:USA poin: 16


I genuinely hate the people banging next door. If I knew how to say 'fuck off' and 'shut up' in Czech I'd go give them a rollicking! D.S.


Love didn't deserve this. This miss didn't deserve. Not fit all and you don't defend.


 same except my prof was like "how did you forget "tomato"?"


 I've got no issues with an alpha, that's what Early Access is all about.


40  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Today stats: 6 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 7 people via  your Bitcoin in cash: World's second Bitcoin ATM to open in Hong Kong  problems turn a 1/3 of users off mobile banking.  &lt;= we found this as well at   omfg des wuit i a song !!!!!!!!! :DDDD na gris keep it real xdd im ernst xd text me xd


 XD look at the waiting line, seems to be the best ride!


" On this day, the 10th of December in 1996  signed South Africas new Constitution 


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 Haha! Loved how you omitted any references to "hard" ... *hee hee*


The secrets of happy families - dinner together!  via 


 I love them all and I can't wait to see them again next year :3


Just did my nose pierced this evening. Lol kiddin'! That was my stupid-ugly pimple that grow on a  you love her and you really mean it, this is the card you want to give!  Love ta gid ka yaaaa :&gt; Thank you gid sa tanan. Patay nako guro kung wala ka haha. Buot, cute, gwapa, alam &lt;3 Perfect hihi. Enjoy life.


Odeslal jsem 24 fotek na Facebook do alba Scootering School at Gizmania Scootpark, Dec 12th  the story with L. I thought I could never ever love again, but now these intense feelings are back!! Is this a good or a bad thing?


In memory of Betty Grable who was born on December 18th, 1916 and died on July 2nd, 1973.


Quite a few interesting projects presented yesterday, Comprimato one of them - but not the only one. None in security though ;)


"He'll tease his sisters, he'll hug them and they might have an argument like brothers and sisters do," olha isso mds :')


 [aemnrepup] (1988) Hisham Ahmad Tajuddin, p:polygamy c:Malaysia poin: 9


" You'll never know success if you've never had to suffer"


 I'd much rather be expecting a sip with Team Sticksmith... 


. sharing his positivity with Prague audience in   Well then, enjoy! :) And have a blast! Miss you guys! *group hug* 


Let's learn languages... 8^) (Please don't sow the seeds of corn on our landing places, we have our  please follow  she love you so fucking much !! You are her angel !!   hg


I liked a  video  The-Dream - My Love ft. Mariah Carey


"Judge Questions Legality of N.S.A. Phone Records"  NYT finally giving some prominence to the NSA scandal.


 K tomu si pidej Level 232 (Making of I have No Mouth and I Must Scream (Pavel Dobrovsk) -  tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you  chapter coming soon. The old chapter ending less in 24 hour


maybe it reminds me of when Bobby stepped out of the shower after being dead for...how long? ah, childhood Dallas memories


New Pics of  with her Dad and her brother Cameron in LA 11/29/13

  i agree! I love many many many songs of volbeat,another day another way is awesome


Twitter's Promoted Accounts Coming to Your Mobile Timeline  sneraip risees 1 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: persian series 


 Journalist and book writer Mr Aqeel Yousfazai was left injured with the warning "keep your mouth shut"


Moyes: Small mistakes cost us - Official Manchester United Website  Yeah, I can clearly see that from the picture. :P


  vsem trem uzivatelum IE8 to snad tak moc nevadi


Just met my new boss. He's hardly taller than me. Hope he doesn't suffer from "short man syndrome". He looked friendly enough, though.


 Jawaban benar: sued for libel,  14/52569 poin


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


I found out I have greater knowledge about paintings than about youtube in yesterday's pub quizz. I am ashamed 


wonkyjabberwoky: 1outside: had not expected for the Cricklewood Greats to be so funny. well done, Peter!...  uvede na trh profesionln displeje ady LF60/LF6: Spolenost Panasonic Visual System Solutions uvd...  Alliance participate at the ABM Brazil      I start drunk texting.. It's fine. Just go with it.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


 tak jeste aby se konecne dohodl s  aby to povolil v iphonech :)


I passed 5k tweets without noticing. Time flies when you're not sleeping.


51  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Every night I dream about him...
I can't forget you...
I always want you...


Very early night for me ... it's dogshow weekend again and I gotta type about 140 judging reports! Voluntarily ... is this a bit stupid? LOL


 [fvie erorscn] (1987) Victor Slezak, p:prison c:UK poin: 12


ROFL" ..... RT  merry-go-round rehearsal  .. lol. jwy did you choreograph this purposely  please i need you to follow me is my dream!!!!!!!!!


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  Like sang last november nag speech thingy siya to sa WVSU about gaming hehe.


The weekend is gone the Lord has been forever faithful. Thank you Jesus


That was fast. RT  Pirate Bay Back in Swedens Calm Waters After .GY Suspension   Oh yeah!..apple + alcohol...doesn't get any better :)))


  Also check out my blog at  but it is not all about Prague. Troja Chateau is worth visiting 2.


Trkiye 'de yaasaydm ve o ehirde MHP'nin aday CHP'den daha kuvvetli olsayd ekinmeden ve gzm krpmadan MHP adayna oy verirdim


Guys take note- valentines day is coming 
 Old With Me -  maybe  definitely
 


 "I ain't getting a hand job from e.honda, not happening"


 ah my classmate is from Busan! ^^ I hope you enjoyed Seoul a lot :3 Would you go back?^ ^


 hii Harryy, I want to be your friend. I wish dreams come true.


 inappropriate so im just gonna ask :-) i was wondering if u could "borrow" me some of ur wallies files in PS format


And nigga being told to go back to school,bring his friends,introduce her to his family while dryhumping!?


You Can Play Old PlayStation Games on PS4 Starting This Summer  of my today choice is Pure Me (first song) / 2002! 02 is great.


Adidas Kumacross [Q21014] Outdoor Trailrunning Hiking Trekking Schuhe   [10 qestisnuo fro het ldiaa laam] (2006) Tenzin Tethong, p:india c:USA poin: 31


Yep, the  days are flying even faster than normal days. A day needs more than 24h to meet all friends over here.


 Should've been draw IMO, judges gave Majority Decision to polish kid...


The  from above at  the robber barons kept their eyes on the danube river if somenone  just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  via  .


 Mariam Nour is hilarious!!!!! Very wise, spontaneous, and funny! Bring her back! She's speaking truths!


Pelos de punta escuchando esta cancin!!! Q Preciiosa!!! 
Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody   freshwater lake may have supported life -  
 in London are over! Jose warns other clubs about Chelsea players  via 


Till 17 Days to get in  with  's new album!!! Can't wait!! 


Vite jak rikaji Hunger Games v Parizi? No preci Battle Royale with Cheese...


Just reported a police trap on Jeremenkova, Praha. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.


 going good for me. had an exciting day. and you my dear. ;-) ;-)


The week in pictures: From Cambodian protests to bombings in Russia
 haha, best description ever. I never played Halo, so I can't compare. But I'm huge fan of UT/Quake.


 speak  LSE on 2/4 on The 17 Contradictions of Capitalism   


The Storm is Coming (The Gift from the Light (book series)) so is mine, its 5:30 am in my hometown now and i'm about to skip sleeping


Constructed in the shadow of Mt Fuji, this theme park opened in 1997. Despite financial help from th           PUBLISH ASAP! Story of today, waited too long with my 3D printed speaker and someone else published sooner :-(  handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  JOSH PILOT BAND  LP Price to pay 2010  Somebody help me


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               474


IMPORTANT UPDATE ! :)

As of 2014 I am moving to the UK. I am looking for some really great new friends in the...  Please, follow me and my friend  we love you so much x20


Is it really better to feel pain than nothing at all?


How Looper Should Have Ended (mit Doc Brown und 10):  via 


Just submitted our proposal of the 2nd International Workshop on Human Semantic Web Interaction at  Keep fingers crossed. 


 I get that.. I think when I've done talks prep has taken me much longer :).


 the kainmg of bo''knre tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the making of 'broken'


Would you believe it's the 1st time i bought myself a red nail polish? Lol. But i love it ;;


This is how I feel until we get our own kind of emojis IMG_5522.png


Our scheduled talks start this afternoon at the  in  - pop by after work and say hello, why don't you?


If anyone is in Dubai, Anila and I are speaking at the Dubai International Film Festival today.            CHUCK Dho rict moje jmeno je docela pocta od takovy legendy !!! wow .... sem celkem mimo )))) prej troublegang ! tebe zmini poeta)))


Analytical essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


 [het snkhicog mssi gmripli] (1947) Pierre Watkin, p:suffrage c:USA poin: 25


If you turned into an icecream, what flavour would you be? 


Lb se mi video  od autora   Audiomachine - The New Earth


   Mostly Cloudy today! With a high of 3C and a low of 0C.


 mai so stress. people maybe also go out / work whole day de. LOLLL. talking about the disc, i hvn dl korean version. :/


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  jhsdjfajshgfagsjdfa my boy my wonderful boyyyyxfajsdkhfakjshdf I'm done


A new favorite: Nadia Struiwigh - Microceram by   on 


A jde se do finale. Into the wild v podani borce z CR!       [het rkaelbearm nwdaer] (1942) Chester Clute, p:accountant c:USA poin: 21


I've collected 1,283 gold coins!    


 mas eu sou a bundadonorms
ent shiu
The Walking Dead  


Ol  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


I've collected 18,592 gold coins!    


 I'm clearly not that smart ;) good luck brandwhoring!


 aw so if i'll make it to korea as planned-in may-i'll most likely miss them ;;;; /selfish stan too tbh


I think I might be in love and I think someone is in love with me.. But why is this sentence about THREE people? :/


Great review for  - 'The meal was very good. There were only two downsides. This ...' -  babae kanina. May anorexia ata. Buto-buto nalng O.o


 [..al 993] (1999) Herschel Savage, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 8


   It wasn't from drinking, I was almost sober when going sleep. But very late and got up after 4 hours :/


I would probably care that Family Guy killed off Brian if the show hadn't started sucking seven years ago.


Thank you God for allowing me to see another day  


 Meinl u nikdy! Prsut smrdl a tatarak byl sedivej a nesmyslne palil. Syry nic moc. Ryby a zelenina hnus. Predrazena bda...


The Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


 omg what he has a cat that makes him even more cuter and I don't even like cats :'D a male and a female cat let's say then :D


  I know I've said that before but I'm saying it again, you two have to collaborate, seriously.


 isoslra hteer tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: sailors three


Torturous debate:  Congress,  face-off over interrogations, secret prisons
 yeah, i want my job to be that, othereise it just drains ne completely. I dont wanna make living by doing bad so I can then do ok


Mat 4:10 Then Jesus said to him, "Away with you Satan! For IT IS WRITTEN, 'You shall worship the LORD your God, and Him only you shall serve


So Battlefield 4 doesnt support gamepad on PC just like BF3 WTF  Is it really that hard to add such trivial feature to your major title?


Get Your Creative Juices Flowing with Different Focal Lengths   


It's nice to see that teams let drivers to wear their 2014 colours already. Just a shame Infinity hasn't done the same with Mark Webber. 


 [niugdtoara dya] (1981) Linda Shayne, p:track c:USA poin: 14


Just posted a photo  Katedrla sv. Vta | Saint Vitus' Cathedral  listened to Rammstein in ages...but this assignment makes me way too angry!


 I am not even asking questions. I just want some legitimate reactions and debate.


I'm swimming in notes and totally buzzing, haha!      at Cathdrale Notre-Dame de Paris -  (Paris, le-de-France) w/ 10 others  Jawaban benar: tricks from the bible,  21/19995 poin


 Uy! Fan siyang T. Siwft. HAHAHA! *insert Taylor Swift 22 BG song*


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 afsf


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 6.44C vre esse.


 sorry matounges soryy tatatatatatata mamamama ndiripastor yzia


O Allah, rectify our condition. O Allah, join together and unite our hearts.


Christian Louboutin Shoes Store,www(.)christianlouboutinfriday(.)com,71% OFF,New Styles,Free Shipping!No Tax!


THE CASHBAGS -A Tribute To Jo... has a show on 2013-11-30 at 22:00  Rosis in Dresden  


the fact that I was more excited about christmas at the end of November than I am now is quite depressing


obg a qm ta me seguindo , mh prima q me indicou ne , heueheu vlw 


Microsoft's Bra Could Stop You From Reaching for the Cookie Jar  great! Thanks! Di you prefer a particular mailing list or just twitter ;)


Epic Christmas Greetings From Chuck Norris  pes 


Talking to Mr. Enigmatic Charm alex_dreyfus    Hilton Prague  Tutorial for  teaches tool use.Pipe is used Stick-like.      you entertain the bullshit you're gonna deal bullshit. Simplest way to say it.


Yahoo 10-Q Filing Shows It Has to Hug It Out With Microsoft on Global Search  you heard GLOWINTHEDARK ft. Chuckie - NRG (Available December 23rd) by Spinnin' Records on   collected 13,715 gold coins!    


 Today: Cottbus, Germany - Nov 30 at Blue Moon Festival  Diablo III (PC) and Bubble Witch Saga (Web) in the last 24 hours.  compleanno/ Happy Birthday  ...Enjoy the day...


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Concerning Hobbits from The Lord of the Rings - (Violin)


Fake niggas scared, that's why they gotta put a mask on.


Another little fan of our Mr.Fox and shapes game sent us photo!Thank you so much  Happy to see you love it!   Ha! Now THAT's a question we have to explore a little deeper ... :))


Great review for  - 'Unique dining experience, very friendly and helpful staff. I...' -  the homie shot this at school. Shit kinda dope.  Endry - Me Tienes Loco(Merengue Elec.By Dj Kontakt)  night my dear HURTS family :-*,sweet dreams with HURTS &lt;3     ... :-)  comes a time when a man is gotta do what a man gotta do 


"  did u just get smart with me ? Lol"Lol basically


How to Build Small Lego Sports Car (No Comment):  prostednictvm 


You may not feel as playful as those around you these days, bu... More for Scorpio  The next big area of growth combines the  with analytics to create a living network of intelligent machines and systems.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   Because this team deserves the PCA.

Castle   


 And there's no good Mac name port ATM. Wish Mame OS X would get updated.


Wearable will kill the mobility superstars: 2 things you must know in order to be successful in mobile    That's Fantastic!! Looking 4ward 2 C'ing them...Let us know if u need some great art focal points.


 do you really want to know or do you want to have a surprise if my plan goes right?  :-)


" insecure people don't need twitter accounts when they're in a relationship."


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Harvard club's special event 'power of social networks' by prof. Piskorski


Are you enjoying your christmas atmosphere and generally christmas time? Im!Watching czech fairy-tale.


 since there is no freelanceswitch anymore can I have my money back? I paid couple of days ago and now : no such service?


but no more of the doe eyes. abt to meet Chinny for the firs time, again. geronimooooooooo


Great List, adorably phrased - The 10 Unavoidable Truths of Travel  via 


I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Bohemian Gothic Tarot limited edition bags"  what am I going to do now? Just  So long and thanks for all the fish! CU at the restaurant at the end of the universe ;-)


 Considering a Paywall? You must read this from  :  Quality home cooking      *pats on the back* welcome to the club, i was in that phase a few months ago as well


Penguin Macarons with Eggnog Ganache | Flickr - Photo Sharing!  Oh yes, I'm at home! I've never been so glad that I see my bed ;)


Again boring night in club..... Y they come iver here if they dont want to do anything


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


43 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


The holiday fun is over, now its time to SHOP!! 4 DVD's for $99  NORDIC - RACE CODE: Norway celebrates a winning start in deep powder snow relay  in memoQ server projects  by  


*GuD NiGhT*
Id name change
Old

New

Msg showng
03112558897


Outfit of the Christmas Day (with Lauretha) [pic]   remembered: Avoid float addition when other data types are better suited:
irb) 0.2 + 0.1 =&gt; 0.30000000000000004


4 essential UX rules taught by eye-tracking research  hardest part of being in a biracial relationship is taking a picture together. (  [seaer lveo] (2010) Anya Syari Nabila, p:Short c:Indonesia poin: 10


Ukrainian Party of Regions memo identifies three PASOS think tanks as enemies  3 in VR - Cyberith Virtualizer + Oculus Rift + Wii Mote = REAL EPIC  And the same to all of you with CMPG, and your loved ones!


 I wanted to stick to one 'style'; I have a few more posts lined up after Christmas.


Hilton Sydney to home. Over 16000 km, 29.5h, Just arrived, going to sleep now. Good night:-) 


My fitbit  for 11/22/2013: 15,444 steps and 11.2 km traveled.  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Markets don't buy! It's individual customers that buy your product.


. i think it's a big one for alot of us. give xmas a whole new twist for me as i redefine it for myself this year...


.I just voted for HIMYM   Retweet to vote  via 


 Amazon Prime Air   tak na tohle se tesim, jak to bude fungovat v praxi!


 [taiinrocv rfam iscahrtsm] (2009) Ruth Goodman, p:christmas c:UK poin: 24


I've fallen in love:-) with Infographics: The Power of Visual Storytelling by Jason Lankow  via 


 You have a few things to learn how it works at big corps. ;)


 oh when the blues go marching in! Let's do one over KEB today.


My Klout Score is 43. Join me on Klout to discover yours today.  DTG has to make it in LCS, just to get in that sexy moustache there!


  why is info only on UK? RT  New hybrid universal in-ear monitors from   It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you cant, because youre still waiting for the impossible to happen


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               479


  baby Jesus comes on Christmas Eve evening :-) gonna get most pressies tomoz though, having early Xmas with


Lb se mi video  od autora   Why I'm Voting for Obama *PARODY*


Vote for "Still"  The Walking Dead (Too Far Gone) vs. Castle (Still)  Mercedes has confirmed that Ross Brawn will leave his position as Team Principal at the end of 2013.


Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 14 in Russian Train Station  my   2014 my mixtape  an then    an 3y3...go 


I should study because of Economics, Accountancy and German tests next week, but Twitter...


Europeans both spent and earned more in 2013 than the previous year. Toshl Infographic:   posted 61 photos on Facebook in the album "CA School &amp; Experiences | TEFL Institute Czech Republic"  bartender (who is a girl) just gave us free beers because we're Denver fans


I love u boys .. i just love you   


 Jawaban benar: cardiac arrest,  14/341356 poin


Happy New Year! And let's see some good tennis 2014... and maybe also some bad tennis... keeping things in balance :-)


Huge parts of the New World are named after explorers few remember now, such as Amerigo Vespucci and of course the cruel Scotsman, MacSicko.


"  memberi harapan kosong pada seseorang yang memang sedang sendirian dan butuh perhatian"


. Thanks for telling me about the book "Hatching Twitter" on  BookVibe.  Moving up my WTR list


 I think the whole day on him he was one of my heros and is it. Ill send with you


"i grew up in Las Vegas. i watched thousands of people waste their time and money trying to get lucky on a game, but the house always wins."


and last year's special was brutal. I almost had myself admitted afterwards.


Anybody fighting violent, armed struggle for their political goals, might be terrorist, even if the goal is just - like getting rid (2/11)


 [rls'gi holcso] (1938) Charles Hart, p:gossip c:USA poin: 13


Photo: Shared a post - *Sigh* - agedah.diseye10 - Gmail on We Heart It...   system doesn't start by default because that's risky


Almost 20 years experience in IT, and I still routinely get estimates wrong by 100% or more.


Male and female brains wired differently, scans reveal
 ale furt pouzitelny : Attacking home routers via javascript.  Nokia Storyteller app is pretty nice. They should finally release it for all Lumias not just for the 1520.


  Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you &lt;3 11


Now Available on Steam - Airport Simulator 2014  via 


2  A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


    No my tu takovy mal homebrewalt mme z 14 dn :)  completed a 3.98 km run with  Check it out!  


 Was the referee's performance as bad as it looked from the home end. The penalty decision looked a bit harsh.


 Im surprised there is Edelman. I always think he takes too much risk and not take fair catch


Well, a soccer kids cup is a charming thing. But so early in the morning?


Coke aims to move into strategic communication and fully get rid of press releases by 2015:  "I'm a freak. I get off on not being in pain. - That and chocolate-covered marshmallow bunnies."  grammar:

What is the difference between active and passive verbs?

 may be experiencing a refreshing wave of joyful energy. Yo... More for Sagittarius  Pro-Govt Journalists Attack Foreign Groups  


 24 ? Means that you can swim 24 hour directly is it ? Hahah


Acting like angel but apparently a bitch from hell.


How this nigga gone say drink but n there with his bitch


Seeing the   on the 29th with   and   *___*  I'm soooo 


I just finished playing '140' - short platformer with geometric shapes and a clever tie to the music.  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  November 2013 - Napolar - Microsoft Malware Protection Center - Site Home - TechNet Blogs  ma ochote na kawe??
       Legnica  number 2 on the ReverbNation Rap charts for ZW.  [uro nnwnigi senaso] (1978) Pete Robinson, p:track-meet c:USA poin: 18


New artwork for sale! - "Lady With A Glass" -    Silver 24 karat Czech Glass Handmade by CzechBeadsExclusive       


Mentoining loom, he uses sharp blades as range weapons in battle, and that's slightly terrifying knowing of his eyesight


AmazonFresh in San Francisco and Other News You Need to Know  it out - a new  Solar.update for  CL and  Plus is available.  play Castlevania - Aria of Sorrow - part 14 (German):  ber 


 already in bed. Plane in 13h. Going back to Europe! Finally B-)


I'll accept everything that comes later :) goodnight world. Face mask and sleep! Bye.


Vote for my shot "Looking Down", please  via 


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


There are 10 kinds of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't. (Max Little in Daily Telegraph).


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Hey! I'm  in  for iPhone... how about YOU? Download it for FREE!  Proect - Alien Technology:  prostednictvm 


we're supposed to have our ideas sketched down on a paper until tomorrow and i have like 3.. one in my mind but can't get it on the paper


I just won a gold at the KeepCalm X Games. I closed a Karma double frontflip no hands landed.  


I just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  via 


 I'm gonna tell my friends that I have the best bf in the entire world and that they are allowed to be jealous ;)


  it's not that bad though xD! honestly, you should listen to this piece ....                weighs in on  calling "violence and oppression" of protesters "appalling"  [tnhgi elif ni rneo] (1931) Arthur Housman, p:nevada c:USA poin: 18


envy " " Junho's zara white tee gift to fans.  || cr: junhopper""


Christmas Offers from Cities at Dawn Photography   


 aww that'd be a laugh! I'm going to hit the hay but keep in touch amigo :-)


Wow, nearly 800 members on  Could this be the fastest-growing  User Group ever created?   The proposal. One of my favorite moments.             its been times since we talk girl, nice to hear about you again:)


So true!!  "Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day."


Girls play the feild better than most dudes not me though


 Hey just saw your tomba2 Speedrun. Just wanna ask what version you are playing. It looks much faster than my one.


 Oops. That Ruby reference went right over my head. Embarrassing. What *do* you mean by that?


This land is your land and this land is my land...  you ever take off your hijab?RT  Nope "  If asked to, would you ...  Boutta just get blair drunk and tell him to sleep tavorias coming back." Savage


 OMG Jillian thank you so much for follow :*** aaadddhdjdjsqosnshjspqsiwnd


 [nesust no het srdete] (1942) Bob Card, p:horse c:USA poin: 20


The thing I love about holidays: stay up until 2am and then sleep until past 10am ... that's exactly what my body needs! :)


Ale tak jo 2013. inkuji: Zeman,  Putin,  NASA a    


Kill a motherfucka with the magnum forty-four

Find a chump slumped, nigga, magnum on the

road


The Future of Facebook Ad Revenue: Small Businesses  That works just far, far too well. Yes, ending included.


But my baby sister is a SINGLE mother! Wtf does she think is going to happen??


 yeah, my point too. That 'long-term' talk is pointless if we end up with none in the summer rather than doing it right now.


ia chamar Isa p descer so q n estou falando c ela  aff kk


 [artanpm] (1926) Ernest Torrence, p:murder c:USA poin: 7


Sting / Symphonicities  (July 2010) - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic:  pes 


Microsoft considers free versions of Windows Phone and Windows RT to battle Android  pes 


3 questions = 3 questions  OK, so, should you start? =D  ends this year? NOOOOOOO! RT  In SIX WORDS or fewer, write a story about this picture.  OK/OE5HFM/P (Hermann) on OK/JC-021 (Jelensk hora, 1068m, 10pt) 7.123 ssb: cq sota with Monica [HA3LV]


...these faceless babies then climb the city's TV tower to control communications     RT  Citoooosss " Metooosss RT  Nangtoooss " Kejedooooss RT  Jadooos :'


I would love nothin more than to never speak to you again 


I've harvested 257 of food!    


 at least three; you are one of the two. But none pull off skinny jeans like you!


"The main reason Santa'a so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live." :DDD


I liked a  video  old man knocks out 5 in Russia in fist fight


We are moving along nicely now. Appropriately enough.  Dolphins sleep with 1 eye open." Tak ja som dolphin!


I wanna be ur vacuum cleaner. " Mana nak cari vacuum cleaner yg senyap? Aku nak kemas umah tanpa ada bunyi2 hurricane."


Mercy -- Kanye West (Feat. Big Sean, Pusha T and 2 Chainz)


 fog was so thick in forests near my place this morning that it strangled 2 deer. True story.


Aurora Borealis and Moon by the Winter Evening in Norway  - 1, Unfollowers - 3. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  have you ever been lost in a forest ?   3


The mandem are copping whips now jheeze the Lads soon be skurring 120 on the motorway SQWA


 What do currently you use as you main technology stack for massive web scraping?  looks outdated...


       Tady mte nahran bars a freestyle) TOP! diky moc


   Aww, babe, your time will come one day as well, I promise xxx


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 [noe amn :whos a asiulcm mnoeyactrdu] (2004) Alfred Coll c:USA poin: 35


 Sorry, couldn't fit what I wanted to say into 140 characters only. :))


 people who loves me should accept me and 2PM.. And i really grateful, they accept me and my "insanity" w 2PM.. LOL thank God.


According to  not using gas, but fire extinguishers.


I'm excited to see  Are you? Learn more on   Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


  i love chachi and les twins!! follow me please!!i am dancer too!! &lt;33


I'll be secretly hoping you will guide me into your bed


I've collected 76,290 gold coins!    


20 Education Technology Tools Everybody Should Know About  pes 


 just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 13


This year just keeps getting better!  RT  Seahawks edge Broncos in AP power rankings  I can believe that, it happens all the time.


Till Jan 31 2014 we continue with our Action-Tandem Jump -4000 Meter incl. DVD and PhotoCD for 5500 CZK approx. 205   it has to be soon I'm starting to look as big as santa


 massive cheer for Barack Obama on big screen -- first glimpse of him at  memorial. Followed by more boos for Zuma...


Kes Ronaldo ngan Ibrahimovic ni boleh cetuskan perang dunia tahu tak


 so does XBMC. Unfortunately ChromeCast is not available in my country :-(


Tatran Omlux Steovice - EUROSPOLENOSTI Sokol idenice 4:3 (3:2, 0:1, 1:0)

branky: 3. Markta Hrycejov, 13....  Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


As a person watching a movie, you realize
that if a character walks into an abandoned
"Haunted" house, chances are a killer is waiting


 gets better. There is no drop in quality in the entire game. What's your favorite weapon?


I liked a  video from   WELCHER FOTORUCKSACK ? AUF WAS SOLLTE MAN ACHTEN ?


   Amazing photo! I was in Sicily this year! I loved it!


Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers and followed one person via  [rm.s dauylbg] (1940) Mel Blanc, p:mammy c:USA poin: 12


Sat Listening to 'Different World' by  probably one of the best debut albums I have heard this year!


 safety, safety, but where is sport ? Where is now ski jumping ?


Podoba mi si film Roast Abelarda Gizy - Tomasz Jachimek w    - 1332 USD
14:15, 16:25, 21:35
Make or break... Priblizne 40:60...


 ta good life, leaving you there in my little life


 I'm anemic , all my bones be hurtin when I go outside lol .


Brace yourselves! Templates are coming to save your time! Check it out at  ey ogul bir deveye hendek atlatabilirsin ama bir MHP liyi dogrulara inandiramazsin 


  oalah gtuu.. yaudah gue sangat2 mohon dtg latihan setiap sabtu. Thx


 that's okay I wanted to keep it quiet in case this happened - but now it just hurts too much


 OMG, I'm terrible :( I haven't read it yet but I'll do it soon and I'm sure I'll enjoy it ;) 


 het mhmsouor rkepic tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the mushroom picker


 Its all fun and games in a black thanksgiving until someone forgets the chitlins. Ew


First is the    an  church in    Second  from friends and strangers with me on  a real life game for your iPhone.  "Twins were born, but haven't realized that.."   why do we not have kids write their book reviews on Amazon  a global audience and authentic experience 


I dreamt about you nearly every night this week literalmente


Following Light - The Etheric Body (Original Mix):  via 


Mon, 09 Dec 2013, let us all send Neil Innes the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (69)


Got an internal compiler error on GCC 4.8 only because I forgot an include for type used in constexpr var initializer. Ah, the joy of 


 Workshop - Postsynchrony - Nahrvn:  pes 
Ok, youve got me :D


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/   sketching for outcome presentation   :-)  Chinese Don't Want Dollars Anymore, They Want Gold" - London's Gold Vaults Are Empty: This Is Why  for   and another snow photographers - Czech designer with his snowboard:)   Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  Couple t-shirts  with my dear dear friend .   Love &lt;3 :3


US mobile paid search spend up 66% year-on-year: stats  via  


Have a nice dream baby :3  It's been a long day, good night.  harvested 470 of food!    


 impossible to say "was"..you are a good and respected man, and always will be  


I've collected 18,050 gold coins!    


William Shakespeare~ I wish you well and so I take my leave I Pray you know me when we meet again.


This is how we roll in our country...we get something for free and first thing we do we go online and  late 15th century, Catarina Sforza a widow, enemies kidnap her children, tell her to give them her fort or they'll kill the kids...


This Trio just today on  and   in 8 p.m. (20:00)        uaetyb nda eth kgee rlasiuata tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: beauty and the geek australia


St. Vitus Cathedral     Prask hrad | Prague Castle  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


He wishes to become a famous director as James Cameron is. In reality, hes psychically ill main character of short documentary JIMBO...


I forgot that I have a chewing gum in my mouth, started brushing my teeth and then the gum got stuck all over my toothbrush. 


Christmas shopping: check! :) Would advise everybody to stay away from Prague's old centre. Unless you really, really love crowds.


Lb se mi video  od autora   GOLDEN - Sarah Blackwood (My Morning Jacket)


  can`t really "enjoy the ride" coz of that curtain. It somehow creates a kinda distance between fans &amp; band :/


" Goodmorning people! Hope you all have a good one wherever you are! Stay healthy! = ]  Darlin, please excuse my writting  


" Remember little Hajrudin who's last wish was to meet Zlatan? He passed away :( Rest in peace."


Incredible 701,500 oz of  delivered last night on Shanghai Exch. Not one oz has showed up in Dec.to the Comex.

 Low calorie but filling foods? please tell me where to find these


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


9 Festive Films To Stream This Holiday Season  via 


Ta se eu n conseguir dormir eu tweeto dps desse tweet, adeus disuohadaosiud


USB to go both ways in next gen revision. Hallelujah!


 Jawaban benar: the substitute,  14/3342 poin


 wien london dubai melbourne. inland dann adelaide alice springs. alice springs brisbaine. cairns sydney


 are you on schedule for coming back online in about half an hour?


I've collected $18966! Think you can do better?    


Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2014 my friend !!!! 

Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Merry Christmas and all the best for 2014


 Jawaban benar: longtime companion,  18/53416 poin


watching a TV thriller thing starring Paul McGann. it's the right length &amp; I could do w/ something not too demanding.


Have just been on my old old Flickr photo stream - the last photos I uploaded there are from 2008!!   because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best way they know how."


 I'd never seen a picture of him before. Brother is way tougher looking than I thought.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


My new visit card.       Worrying is a waste of time; it doesn't change anything, it just messes with your mind and steals your happiness.


 As I am to you? When have I been as good to you as you're to me right now? I don't know how I can give this back to you D:


HasbinaIIah venimeI vekiI. 
AIIah bize yeter. O ne gzeI vekiIdir.


 Jawaban benar: spinach fer britain,  19/369597 poin


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:   Beautiful &amp; Emotional Vocal Trance | June 2013 Mix 


I love chocolate so much! I will always love you no matter what! 


Warmup before the show in St. Plten.  VAZ - St. Plten    I love it so much! OMG!!!!   now fangirling abt Martin Freeman fangirling abt Peter Capaldi. how have I not seen this before??? JOOOOOOLS


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               487


Evening Briefing: Dancing to Red Ed's tune: This is from the  Evening Briefing. Sign up to get it...  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  ne wag puro kain ahh baka makalimutan tumalon!!hahahaahha!!dejoke happy newyear!:)))


Looking forward to seeing friends play at tonight's BluesBadger Festival! Hope to see you there!  vote for my entry in the Gold challenge.  ONYEKACHUKWU emphatically heads in from a Justincase corner 1-0


Yeah I remember all our memories. I save all our best pictures. But sorry I didn't save my heart for you. It's too hurts... :)


Said you'd give me light; but you never told be about the fire


BookClub Select: Author Interview  Marilyn Meredith   teh apni of eht mcaho tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the pain of the macho


 Hi Adam, I didn't even realize they don't spin. We will look on it ASAP. Thanks.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Today stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  I learned you're not on out here until you're getting the submissions like 


I vote NO. I dont think Shinzo Abe should be     !!! you're never leave i know that. We Love you so so sooooo much. Kiss you :*  saw a girl wearing a bag that said "Shut up, I'm rich." What's wrong with civilization?


 odor out of hte drka tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: door out of the dark


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Jefferson~ When you reach the end of your rope tie a knot in it and hang on.


Early today, the sweet children of our staff rose very early and offered us all a genuine 'Swedish' Lucia morning.  have new matresses in all apartments in Residence Karolina! Made from coconut fibre, 100% hypoalergenic and...  liked a  video  EXO_12  (Miracles in December)_Music Video (Chinese ver.)


 ah so philosopher dating ko sayo? hahaha.. baka naman kase may nagkakagusto na naman sayo tapos iniiwasan mo?


" Ps4&gt;xbox1" bruh you can't talk to a PlayStation lol


 screening stuns  No. 2 after   Very well earned, it was a great episode! :)


 and what is brynjolf? Nordish dish made of raw bear meat?


 [sutj orf kcisk] (2003) Michael Peter Paredes, p:soccer c:USA poin: 14


I've collected 48,240 gold coins!    


Dear Krampus please bring this! 
 Ted Cruz coloring book is real.  haven't done ANYTHING today. Waiting and restarting crashing Adobe bullshit.


I just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  via 


With Cathcart probably injured, Blackpool have no CB for their game with Derby. That will be interesting. 


 girl I would be scared as shit ! Where can I get a leash ?


2014 will be fucking terrible. For warm up, Matt Smith regenerates. Then the start of another Sherlock hiatus. And then  ends. FML


Jump In Battlefield 4 [German]  "Extreme Rage Time" [HD+] (Let's Play BF4) [FreshAnton]:  ber 


Hehe RT  Tesla Chief Designer: BMW i3 is like an IKEA piece of furniture  busy workin' on new stuff. Can't stop &amp; won't stop! ;-)       Jawaban benar: the village blacksmith,  22/329183 poin


Why are European powers (and Oxfam) funding a radical Israeli group?: In a grimy corner of downtown Jerusalem,...  always someone suffering worse than you, doesn't mean that your pain doesn't count.


19 Insanely Clever Gifts Youll Want To Keep For Yourself   via 


Zoomer: The Robotic Dog for People Who Can't Have Pets  presents a brand new online tool for partners to purchase licences for 2N Helios IP series intercoms.  Flocka Flame - Fuck Shit ft. Trouble &amp; Wooh Da Kid [Official Music ...:  via 


 The streets they walked, amazingly chalked with hopscotch patterns    united fan? Where did that come from? Either Dortmund will give him a better contract for being in NRW all his life.. 1/2


 is a bad ass as Khan in  
 

And




Nice summary - AngularJS from an Ember.js perspective:  ideas are usually very simple.  How does it work in daylight?  3 - Guinea/Mepo out now on Beatport. Also among featured dnb releases. Yes, it is that good. 
Get yours...  it's Saturday football, doesn't matter who they play.


Odeslal jsem 14 fotek na Facebook do alba Papuprty - Prago Union  Jawaban benar: the girlfriend experience,  25/19565 poin


Delicate Check  - Logic &amp; Lvcas Dope  Banger.cz  via 


 only because I have enough experience with being a looney tune haha


"Gamers don't die - they respawn" via  - erinnert mich an den "Game Over" Grabstein ;)


 Jawaban benar: the social network,  18/339477 poin


Mediabistro Gains Momentum in the 3D Printing Industry  


Your uncharacteristic desire to express your desires today cou... More for Virgo  Drt madde de gediine oturmu..Bugn yediin hurmalar diye balayan Trk deyiini hatrlaynz :)


Thugs tryin to act nasty like Thugnasty
Slugs get dumped its a tragedy these kids drop so rapidly and still die happily


oh my "whatamelon91: my favorite one. taec in blue was good. my giant okcat :"  are they perhaps so used to it, so strong in the grasp of tobacco or alcohol that they cannot wrestle free? I just don't get it.


 hey swiftie&lt;3 i saw you voting too :)

Vote for Taylor Swift 


Indeed  Come  it's a better season. We must top this league    " Have you Kissed any of your followers?  


 I will look at it later, when I am on computer, mobile screen sucks huh


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Best LinkedIn Company Pages 2013 by     via 


 Jawaban benar: suspected person,  16/325729 poin


Vote for Directioners For Favorite  Peoples Choice!   


odeio esses twitters que vivem de rts directioners  


NSA infected 50,000 computer networks with malicious software  via 


Understanding the Bootstrap 3 Grid System  via 


just finished a Runtastic standup paddling of 5.05 km in 56m 16s with  PRO iPhone app:  Readers Poll: Drummer Of The Year - Alternative Press:  grandpas and little girls allowed  Krnerova (tram, bus)  finished watching Mawdryn Undead this morning. I think that's the first proper timey-wimey 5th Doctor story. pretty good, actually!


No co, furt na tom jsem lip, nez tenhle chlapik.  collected 16,614 gold coins!    


I'm not a supermodel, i still eat mcdonalds Demi Lovato  


I just wanna put warm fuzzy pajamas on and lay in bed and watch Christmas movies. 


WO2013185739A1 Composite Membranes For Separation Of Gas Mixtures And A Method Of Preparation ...    Okay my dear. Am with you in thought. Goodnight sleep well and sweet dreams. Take care :)


We keep the music goin' 
Afrobeat &amp; Hip-Hop Music Stop


Disappointed to see Sakho on the bench, would have been crucial against Lukaku. 


 When the video came out, it was thoroughly discussed on- and offline.


       nice  all


The  2014 schedule looks great:  Unfortunately I cannot attend this year; will be waiting for the videos.


Have you heard Dream A Little Dream by Evita Bley on    Update mit Night Theme aka Dark Theme for iPhone Slate/Spacegrey!  of  - November 23rd in Prague. 8th year of the festival:  try to cheer up my friend and this is what I get    :) ye I pretty much know what ure talking about :)


 Actually I don't even know what Red Bull thinks about that. But Infinity says... like Simon says...


An example by  of making a BETTER Windows Phone app  yes...at least this...but my ass already hurts...got a shit seat..


The One Big Question About RSA and Its Relationship With the NSA  lots of ice! So many schools already have delays


Spain court orders China ex-president's arrest - Channel NewsAsia      


 at least you can now looking forward to thanksgiving yummies and some fun with your family and friends


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  first two eps watched alr! SO MUCH YIXING IN EP 2 :D i hvn watch ep3. but i saw that sehun spoke more than his song parts? LOL


Pasndola uva con un MEGA trip en         Excellent video, thanks. We are trying to solve the deployment and management problem with  .


PRECISO DE UM  CARTO DE CREDITO EMPRESTADO! MEU PAI NO USA CARTO DE CRDITO, EM PLENO SECULO 21 ELE NAO USA! DDD:


Bastille - Things We Lost in the Fire Songtext  via 


" Smoking By Yourself Aint Always The Move." It's honestly never been a time I didn't enjoy that.


Only having 3 hrs of sleep last night is finally catching up with me. Thankfully I'm alone in the office *closes door, snuggles up in chair*


So mitsubishi now makes a car that can be driven by women?  commercial


8 people followed me // automatically checked by  Jawaban benar: cnn world beat,  14/374483 poin


 miley cyrus is actually naked in her new video


 [sdarletgn gges] (1961) Mel Blanc, p:prissy c:USA poin: 14


I just liked "An Instagram short film" on Vimeo:  Yet Another Android IRC Client available in App World - somehow usable but ...


 ituaqle dna eobntti tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: tequila and bonetti


what about next round against atletico??  


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


  you didn't do the ELEMENTARY thing! What a shame!  must be pretty upset now!


3  They are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


n vou mais fazer isso The Walking Dead  


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


francis turns into a happy character francis turns into a happy character francis turns in to wh a t


I've harvested 1,500 of food!    


I've got my ticket for the long way 'round
the one with the prettiest view...


4199 K wellness pobyt pro dva na ti dny v Hotelu Morris****
Luxusn wellness pobyt pro dva na ti dny v Hotelu...  [ovan: in hcsear fo uahnm iognisr] (1997) c:UK poin: 32


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           655


We would like to thank everyone who visited IWAP's Christmas Market on Saturday. The event raised a considerable...  [eurtnr ot armyyrbe] (1986) Denver Pyle, p:mayberry c:USA poin: 18


There'll be at most 3-5 million people to ever own 1 full  (There'll never be more than 21 million in total). The new 1%.


The way I learn has transcended the way a lot of people give info, but that doesn't mean I can't learn from them.


Beautiful vineyards around Stuttgart, Germany..:)  Glass Beads Brown Leaf Matte Bronze by CzechBeadsExclusive  


  ..back to the empire. It's so obvious, Putin even doesn't try to hide his obsession with restoring tsarist autocrasy


 Italy and Uruguay are not as good as people are making out!


  Agreed! That way people would know for sure how much they can drink safely when driving. Namely nothing.


Posted a new photo: " I am next Year on a Tour (as her DJ) with Five Galaxy's ( Female Com..."  2013 I have read 74 books with 13,183 pages total. 20 of them on Kindle &amp; 54 in paper, 29 in Czech &amp; 45 in English.  


it's funny how sushi and harry styles make everything better


 Oh yeah :D Good idea, coz' In Poland there is Winter now :P


[Mixtape] Yung Simmie - Basement Musik 2 :: Get It LIVE!    


Shout outs to   the pro bowl wish the Falcons never lost him. But as a Dolphins fan as well glad to have you.


  developers, this contest is for you! Get ready for the App of the Year 2013, organized by   Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 WELL worth the wait!!! Did you recognise Anderson though????


A new favorite: Sounds of 513 Nummer 13 - Tonelite by 513collective  on 


I've collected 11,805 gold coins!    


Bye 2013 welcome 2014. Respect others including their nationality, religion, colour, culture and their political feelings.


Lb se mi video   Thompson Twins - Doctor! Doctor!


 [ti alneyr 'nstwa sihamcrst] (1989) Jesse Bennett, p:christmas c:USA poin: 26


let us spread Positive vibes all around the world!     I lost my passport in Prague long ago at train station. Took only three days and about 60 USD to get a new one.


Happy New Year,  friends! Wishing you all the best in 2014 :)


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Scorpio training with camaleon Cameleon Bodypaint :)  Thanks a lot for the NOWHERE article. We wish you a happy new year :).


Software engineers training  SoftPLC: A whole-day training in Klecany u Prahy.The post Software eng...  domat.cz


  are already 4 years trying to get you to notice me, so I'm going to Tweet this until you notice me 'I love you man


  

A bit of Bente for some Throwback Thursday inspiration:  collected 22,523 gold coins!    


 [tetswdi] (1986) Anthony Herrera, p:babysitter c:USA poin: 7


Chit chat, friends and drinks            don't think the boy walking past is one of the peepil


Last tweet should have said Jr! The son of Yanukovych.


Check out my new mixes: Episode 92 by Maximum Minimal  on 


My mom literally just cussed out a telemarketer. It was quite funny.


 ryeg wol tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: grey owl


  Six or seven gram pulver vitamin C in tea or waser,  during the day, every  day. No more could, no more flu, no more sik. :-)


I love this movie      movie    Peter is dead. but while he was still alive he was quite adorbs, despite the dodgy accent. 


Awesome! Nokia released their Refocus app which allows changing the focused region after taking a photo!  to make a dota 2 HUD, realized it is FUCKING HARD! Yet it would be so simple if I had gfx experience, anyone can help?


The New America, a Stop Motion Animation Starring 800+ Laser Engraved Wood Blocks  wcss: nz-cheer: chill4entertainment: Cheerleaders at work!!! This is so cool Acro and tumbling is...  i have such a free spirit I'm right beside you. Nameste 


No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -Anonymous


New Years Fireworks in Prague 
1.1.2014, fifteen dazzling minutes of light show will welcome the New Year at 6...  18 ;) But if you look old enough, you can drink under 18 - we drank in 16 years in pubs ;)


I will do a fusion of mine and Ola's photo, I want to knwo how our fetus will look like &lt;3 before abortion of course


 "age 2" :p i also realized its not as funny as it sounded when i first thought of it


When exactly did people start calling  and public humiliation "banter"? That's not what that word means. Needs to stop.


 ah korean has a bit different language when speaking politely right? But i still feel like whenever i write i write just like


Survived Black Friday by NOT GOING NEAR A MALL. Actually, I did have to drop off my daughter, who works in the mall.


    Can I have a follow please? Love from Czech Republic! :) xx


 My schedule booked out quickly, sorry! Please come to one of our future events in Dubai!!


 ur as annoying, as an app that turns sideways when u lie down.


Oh I hate slow wi-fi, it't literally.. no.. I just can't


 nihayet dinlenmeye stres aymaya vakit bulduunuzu anlyorum Aylin hanm :)


really deep black without silicone liquid, well chlorinated   by   se mi video  od autora   C Tutorial CZ 14. - BackgroundWorker


NIU SINGSING TEDE

"Walmer Convenience
i have a new track from these guys gonna drop on the blog today exclusive...  jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


 You chicken! *chuckles* If they ever catch you out, I wanna see pix here on Twitter. Tell your colleagues that  ;b


 or maybe I should give the cats in strumpfhosens tumblr another run. :D


"listen" new song from Sun Glitters - Closer To The Sun  paper reveals UN split over war on drugs | World news |  -   jsem do seznamu vide  video  Tristam - Till It's Over


I've collected 131 gold coins!    


I have just reached 55 level in Mystery Manor! Be my guest and get your gift!    


Keeping up with all your responsibilities today is challenging... More for Sagittarius  Was Warned of Contractor at Center of Bribery Inquiry 


 [hte ueqen fo asehb] (1921) William Hardy, p:africa c:USA poin: 18


 hey can not answer. 'm working on. I'm doing later. ok sorry;-);-)


Luv it when my teacher cancels class when I'm already AT SCHOOL


I saw the trailer of The Book Thief. it has the amazing Geoffrey Rush in it but boy did the trailer make me wanna not watch it! try-hard.


415 wah ikaw una ate! haha. stay gorgeous! sana maging close pa tayo, mga ganun. hihihi tapos ayun penge ako  mo hahaha mwa x


Kachn stehno na obd. ( Tomato Fresh Restaurant -  [pic]:  for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  e


 Jawaban benar: love and lies,  13/1390 poin


L.A. what a beautiful city!  I hope to see   my only wish is a picture with you!  proc tam ten blazen neda Bednare??? Lavicku hnat bicem ven! Hrozny fotbal a hraci tez!! A to dlouhodobe.


Do alba IQ Park Liberec 4.12.2012 bylo pidno 13 novch fotek.         &amp; Andreas Brunner - Maulwurf (Free Download Edit)  command never fails. ... Hmmm... Wanna bet ? :D


considering buying photoshop and lightroom for one year in adobe sale right now, anyone knows anything about it? or have it already? )


I've harvested 357 of food!    


Standing out here alone in the middle of soo many Czechs!


I don't always daytrade, but so far so good long $aria from 4.1


Im gone find my wife at a patriot or laker home game


 bgin sy'crbos remeri delo tachsirms tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bing crosby's merrie olde christmas


Very strong run by  into 3rd +.82 behind   Hoefl-Riesch with a big mistake near bottom ending her chances.


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


i knew i should've taken a look how they're doing when i woke up earlier


boar murder :) Iron - Padrino - Iron Rules by   on 


But thats ok I guess. 
I mean as i will get thin its ok.


 A lot of 'false'+'dishonest' with you :) I asked you a straight question, how to spend $1bn, and u don't answer. Shame.


And if you wanna lie 'bout something, then make it something worth lying for. And if you need to curse my name, curse me good!


Execs Watching Porn a Leading Cause of Malware Problems  Thinking Keywords, Think Topics - Moz  via 


So, what happend at AMAs? Was Mailee high as usually?


 imagine you and Matt getting a puppy and he names it after you


Business Writing Tip  Collective Nouns Take Singular or Plural Verbs? My 2 cents worth :)  [rtas lenag] (1986) Jose Duval, p:drugs c:USA poin: 10


 hah, sorry. nothing special actually, just reading. You?


Zuma is on that Drake tip "how much time this nigga spending on the intro"


Want Work Flexibility? Here's How You Can Make a Change  2014 Forecast trends        there any way to turn off those picture/vid preview? 


I'm at Hlubok Nad Vltavou (Hlubok nad Vltavou) w/ 2 others  Just downloaded "Afrojack - Griever (Dropwizz Fest" by   -  (via 


 i'm still eating it though
am i eating a corpse


 Pros: the public can interact with you; see you as a human being as well as a cop; you can share info quickly;


 I've got someone coming over in a little while - maybe later though?


 jprdl co za retardy. Te ich rozkminy o typie 5-2 na  MIAZGA :D


Don't give up on something or someone so easily , you never know how close you really are .


I've collected 510 gold coins!    


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Porn To Hula will play at the next Night of Fuzz!!  me for this but what if we just skipped december so it's 2014 already??? there's too much exciting stuff happening next year!!


 blog  Pavlensky: Prosecuting me would be a "colossal mistake"


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.5C, Marc 21.25C ac foris -1.56C vre esse.


Exactly 2 more months for my motha effen 21st buuurfffdaayy!


11 Dolly Parton Quotes to Take Life by the Rhinestones  wars Rebels tm se na novej serial ale disney no uvidme


  Rigby, it is my birthday in a week. Will you come to Prague to perform Don't Drop That Thun Thun for me?


 thank you a lot, twinny... Hope you know I'm here for you as well, whenever you need me... Love ya xxx


 They're the exact same voices. If you extract them from the add ons, ou can just copy them to any android.


Showtek ft. We Are Loud &amp; Sonny Wilson - Booyah (Official Music Video)  wanna stay up really late once but I'm usually too tired to even keep my eyes open.


I can't imagine being the SA President and also being remembered for not ideally representing the views of the people that trusted me.


The myth of the brainstorming session  ooomf labs  Medium   this made me laugh way too hard XD I imagined it


 If a big crash is happening and you haven't sold before, you might use one of these bounces to sell. But best noob strat buy &amp; hold


Analysts Are Still Really Baffled by Twitter's Soaring Stock  to Nakiska, Canada, for the first races of the Ski Cross Worldcup 2013/14.


After all ma struggle 2 klas dis colonel would let me in :(


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


 omg sinterklaas or smt like that right? I heard of that but why?


 Oh lawddd it's been so long since ive gotten wild- I cant wait! hahaha


 welcome bb :-D yes I almost died when u saw these :-D im slowly getting ready for bed :-)   oooo nere gittin sen ya tsyd de size 6 soktugumuzuda hatirlatayim isrersen


Dragon Age 2 Trailer - Destiny Extended:  pes 


 2nd  legs are hairy?
see my coock  was expecting something a bit deeper than Jesses teeth were too white!   thx for support. We intend to provide the service globally but at a beta-phase we focus on EU inbound &amp; outbound flights


Attending the first ever Women's Arts Festival 


 i really want to tattoed Jun. K's No Love logo lol..!


This time, last year, everything was so different.


Can I get that recipe? Just whenever you get time.. Thanks  


  We actually watched both back to back, but the cinema has not been allowed to show the new one Wednesday, hence midnight


Prague hosts Tim Burtons exhibition (March-August 2014)!... and Tims gonna be at the exhibit opening! ^_^


   I wrote it and tree it away. But I was starting to think about it again this week


  even worse that it's a pressie for Michal!!


2 daily followers. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via  am over twenty tweets below my daily average. What an unproductive day.


              saya kahapon!!bonding time with family!!hahay!!:)))))


     Townshend International School  Night everyone..sleep well and sweet dreams  what my cats lissy..  you always talking that nasty shit!? You know I be loving that nasty shit!


Pentagon Taps MIT to Study Controversial New Mexico Power Line   David Bradley is amazing as Hartnell &amp; that's only in the 30 second clip! I CAN'T FUCKIN WAIT FOR THIS ONE.


Wanting to export? Check out advice from these successful exporters  


 Beautiful pic. Hope it's ok if I use it as my screen background? :)  OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/ST-032 (Brezina, 555m, 2pt) 24.9076 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=28 dB at 5B4AGN {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 Me too, but I guess that we have different reasons :) Good night ;)


Who saw suarez third goalll I need to finger myself fuckkkkkkk


  hi guys, please  follow me, i love you so muchhhhh &lt;3 10


 Sub 61 = package for Valve guys, includes almost all games


Teacher:

10 Fruits Ke Naam Batao.

StUdent:

1. Amrood
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
2. Apple
.
.
,
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
8. Maaltey

King


Landscape photographymountain picture lake heavy by MagicSky  via 


"You have reached  For threats against the continental United States, press 1. For threats against Hawaii, press 2..." 


Are you a good fit for this job? E-Mail Marketing Ninja in anywhere   


The 7 most interesting social media stats and what to learn from them  via 


 takes me forever to learn the names but.. I think the first one I "liked" when seeing him on pic for the first time was


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           795


In every moment I can choose to be at peace. I can choose to be happy. I can choose to be free.   these gems and you can't find a diamond in the rough.


Do you know where you're going to, do you like the things that life is showing you, where are you going to?


Home made thanks to Mr Bosch :) ( Kejruv Park w/ 2 others) [pic]:  erica you dumb af for stepping out on cent like that. 


twitter used to be a friendly place but i don't feel comfortable here anymore sighs


 That being said, check out the MSI GE70 series. I have an MSI myself and price to performance it's great. GE is slimline.


I wish I could explain how good this and a glass of chianti ma... (Paccheri With Tuna And Almonds  Osteria Da Clara)  cryptoanalytic key extraction attack by merely placing a mobile phone near the target computer... mindblown!  Which software can I use to make the face on the  photo anonymous?


Music  Photos  Videos  Twitter  FaceBook  Instagram  Gigs  Contact  Booking 

 Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Ah shit.. am forced to skip tonight's crucial clash between  and 


   for   engineers         :)


Feliz Navidad desde Praga! Merry Christmas all the way from Prague! Vesel Vanoce!  its a nice Sunday and I have some things to say, lets see if this new Garageband still lets me record a podcast.


   Thoughts unspooled and words as yet unwritten, rumaging in closets, some   como visto Elementary - 2x11 - Internal Audit    


I just earned 100K NikeFuel and reached a new Milestone.    IAN IAN IAN&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Ian Somerhalder   Retweet to vote  pes 


2013 was a great year here at Testomato! We left beta, added new features, and more!  collected 23,839 gold coins!    


 Reports of multiple injuries in New York City after a passenger train derails near the Harlem River  week on twitter: 5 new followers, One new unfollower and followed One person  via  I was little I used to pour sprinkles on a plate and eat them


Breaking up with my girlfriend a day before Christmas saved me about $98.45 Imma just get back with her around New Years.


  What do you mean, "can we"? Those are canon, see Sweet and Elite.


 the letter to Chuck almost made me cry. Wonderfully written. I'm sure he'll love it.


 Yeah it really is... We still have 4:20 to go :P 


The Dirty Secret Behind the Salesforce $1M Hackathon by   King ist ab sofort bei Twitter :)  My first tweet. No longer a virgin. Be gentle!


 implementation of DB Directive - no positive effects on the market.


I'll do whatever to put a smile on my baby's face



Lb se mi video  od autora   Coone - Monstah (Official Preview)


   I can hear him chuckle all the way here because he cannot control himself.


 I won't listen because I won't destroy my excitement for BJ! &lt;3 can'T wait. next week I get it (austria) pls follow me &lt;3


If you Google Image search Vinny Castilla, one of the suggestions is Mullet. Ditto Dante Bichette.


Lets play Megaman Battle Network 2 - part 65 (German):  ber 


&lt; on the blog today &gt;          match Plze - Liberec live!         it was a plessure to see you l always wanted to see you someday and it so happened to be last night you are 


If you can't outrun them, drag then to the ending with you.  


A cup of hot chocolate? :) // Je libo lek hork okoldy? :) (By extremely talented Tom Valenta photography)  mi apple udelal radost raymanem zdarma  


35  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


Wow it seems it's a little bit cold outside...  just added "Bestial Wolf | New Fork Promo" to Twixtor:  You send sms "to ANY corner of the world". But "Unfortunately we don't cover any networks in Myanmar". So how u deliver there?


He gonna put that bad dog on the treadmill! He not gon swat em lol.


 How can I responsibly report a security issue? I wrote to security 7 days ago, no response.  


   
Newly discovered while reading (Stephen King's "The Waste Land")  look at how  got its start with a hack via   person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Reasons Clean Code Matters : I Learned the Hard Way"  pays Apple $1 Billion sending 30 trucks full of 5 cent coins :)  pes 


oh  THE HANDS! yeah, it's coming back to me. but I had abt a minute of 8th Doctor style amnesia there.


Cancers loving convident people kind of isn't true for me, of course a strong personality is nice for a little struggle but if you're&gt;


  3 weeks after it was dispatched. Got my other copy sent by  in two days,so I really wonder what's


Hoje vou mimi na casa da Stephany, hahah imagina a merda!  *-----*


Who To Follow On Instagram: The Magazines  via 


 turuan mo ako ah.. Teka ano meaning ng calculus teacher?? :D hahaha


Testomato automatically runs your  tests! Just choose the interval you want and save your settings:  Cherokee Nation cooperating w/ Microsoft to increase the usage of the  language  


     to finish, my concentration is disappearing lol


..And like every year, if you believe or not, it snows on the website of Instrumenta Musica ;-))) ..Have a look...  you are my idol since i was a child  please follow me, love you so much  x2


 yep .. That's true another year ... another action!!!


Utrcen penz           i will go to bednand in the morning i want llama sitting by my bed


Anyone else dragging ass at work this morning? Fuck shouldn't have stayed up so late, ugh I am getting old.... 


 Diky za tip. Ale ted to uz jde koupit i na  s delivery do Cech, ne?


Football aint a royal game. Just stick to your polo or horse-riding sports. Step down and give way to a more passionate leader, Tuanku Ahmad


Sorry for all the grumpiness today people &lt;3! I think I got up on the wrong side of the bed today.


  I don't think it's Pavel Nedved (his number was 4), this is Michal Hornak (number 5) and Lumir Mistr


 [aenugalpt tcnia] (1979) David R. Manan, p:auto-racer c:Indonesia poin: 15


Getting excited as I get closer to the Caribbean. Ready to shed this winter coat and cold!


Ja tak rad trsam trsam. On tak rad trsa trsa. I ona rada trsa. My chceme?
TRSAT!! :3


 ehom eht fniignmatce tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hemo the magnificent


alay tea setiap kedinginan pasti bentol bentol duhhhh!


Listen to new thang.. Iluze - Beta verze  on 


check out our new czech fashion magazine  with lots of my photos!!!     


 noooo. We're not friends cause I see you once a year


  seriously guys, why you wanna download Mint outside US while it's US only service?


  That' s a nice idea on many other places in the world they are already doing it!


ekn se Stellinkou na Jeka :)
Waiting for a little Jesus (for Santa nations - we dont have Santa  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


beyonce's publishing team:how are we going to promote your new album     

beyonce:i'm beyonce     

beyonce's publishing team:tru


  I would have picked them too, I'm just trying to explain reasoning behind the decision.


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at             Srch  don't understand why people like Phantom of the Opera (the movie). Did I miss something or am I just dumb?


 celun 'osanddl atsn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: uncle donald's ants


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Webbased ticker for  to  optimized for mobile use. Still beta and buggy :-/  am a mansion, I am a mansion I won't take none of your shit I am a mansion, I am a mansion I won't take none of your shit


 hey please who did model for Mona Sax in Max Payne 1? thanks


a good piece on the status of online education: 
The Online Education Revolution Drifts Off Course  Is this an example why you guys fly with an A-Z?   (via 


hate when people only decide to talk to you when it's convenient for them.


 rel:bastlet eht nad 1 xmi tepa trou tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: streetball: the and 1 mix tape tour


Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new unfollower. Stats via   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


MIT Invents A Shapeshifting Display You Can Reach Through And Touch By   via 


 LOOOOL!!!! Of course!!! Now I looking forward you teach me something in Cockney. ;-)


Congratulations to the Swedish team &amp; to your convincing arrival to the world  final tomorrow. We'll keep all our fingers crossed!


SharePoint and the vanished Workflow History 

 (via 


No. Not big enough RT " Girls would you take a seat?  Last night. Prague's getting a bit more lonely, need to pass my time with something looool.. I'm becoming anti social


"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank


Steam spring sales, wallet, wat you doin' wallet, stahp!


Did anyone boil their water this morning? Someone needs to be serious about service delivery!


This would be my daughter's name if I had one   Praha | Prague  is a lot of evidence of underinvestment. There are considerable cash reserves. ....


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  TRE MASON IS NOT IN THE RUNNING FOR THE HEISMAN!  is though :) 


              memory of Yujiro Ishihara who was born on December 28th, 1934 and died on July 17th, 1987.


Paul Wesley - If you were stranded on a deserted island and could only have 3 things with you...  via 


No one will ever understand how I feel, because it's weird


 Jawaban benar: how to boil water,  17/337159 poin


China Lifts 14-Year-Old Ban on Foreign Video-Game Consoles  May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


I'm at Socha svatho Vclava | Saint Wenceslas statue w/   pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


   Thanks, now I have to play Fallout 3 again.


Experienced Office Manager with Russian, Czech and English in Prague, Czech Republic  


Nice 2 days adventure tour in the   with Krista and Mathew from Australia.  an hour long car drive to do today. this means i'll put  and  in my car stereo


Cause we danced all night to the best song everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr


 lwli &amp; agcer tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: will &amp; grace


I've collected 22,514 gold coins!    


This week on twitter: 3 new followers, One new unfollower and followed 3 people via  you an experienced Service manager? Want to work in Prague for a global company? Contact us: petra.jirkovska


 James during this week's recording seshhhh. YM  omg i would hiberbate if i had to spend all winter without snow


 well at least it's not austria where it's schnitzel deer more schnitzel potato deer


  I'm amazed that they still want him play on Friday. I spent 14 days in the hospital with it.


Learning from the zebrafish for Alzheimer diseases   thanks to  for hosting the most rad Pot Luck last night.  


 oh that is so weird.... I hope theyll come soon &lt;3 its been 3 weeks already


Fri, 03 Jan 2014, let us all send Mel Gibson the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (58)


 sayin "then this...argh...your love...did this did that..." HAHA :)


Ashton Kutcher on Sexy: There's Nothing Sexier Than Being Really Smart.  the mother of all dead cat bounces. Completely bat shit crazy.


A coffee stop at our preferred coffee shop in Steyr after a full day o driving lessons ( Cafe Postmann)  I do consider fossil fuel subsidies, but renewables receive much more. We should not subsidize either:  you listen closely you can hear my heart beating to the rhythm of our last night's songs


 noo im the most beautiful princess in the world!


BLACK FRIDAY SALE NOW ON!  All games are discounted, PLUS Lipa Eggs is FREE!!!    oh i'm glad, you have made my day as well. goodnight, cutie!! c:


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  created 2 fun Christmas Cards for you're kids to color and send... Have a great weekend   electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  arianafashiongrande: agrande-news:  Each friend represents a world in us, a world...  If he wanted me he wouldn't be texting her that shit .


 Thank you :) Think I will watch an ep. I'll go with Annie :)


Christmas tree on the Old Town Square right in the middle of the traditional christmas market. We'll bring you...  you pass around a present in loads of layers of paper, each time music stops a person takes off a layer until the last person gets


 now I feel better that I am not the only one with screwed up dreams :)


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Just got this limited  sticker. Get yours now   


Dancing on the stage in front of crowd - check. Hahahaha


30 new unfollowers and 91 new followers - secret no more. Who said weekly stats were boring? Via  Adam Nickey - Perfect Destiny 2013 (Moonsouls Remix) [Touchstone Recordings]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance...  made my bed so I'll lie in it
I've dug my grave so I'll die in it


Square Acquires Viewfinder to Help Grow Its Engineering Team  to  in Twitterjail       


Watir ih bawa sepatu boots ya biar gabasah=))RT  Sering merr=))" Tapi (cont)  Prague 
24.12. Veseli nad Moravou 
30-2.1.2014 Brno
15.6. Los Angeles (you wish)
1.9. Hradec Kralove :)D


Before I die I need to cop my momma a pair of red bottoms.


messing around with photoshop -  blurry with bright eyes (yes, ive worked hard at eork tonite) lol   Im currently working as an expert for SKY and Im happy about this.


GTX 780 Ti VS GTX 780 | Overclocking With EVGA Precision X - EVGA GTX 78...:  via 


 Happy New Year to all of you, too, and enjoy your rest days!


Scientists Found Ocean Floors Have Freshwater Reserves - Headlines &amp; Global News  


 Can I count with release Qt 5.2  on 10th December? 


 eth anysdu anm tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the sunday man


Uploaded "Elements Of Trance Episode  [06-12-2013]" to   listen now!


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


I   1x07 it was so nice to see you again  ! :)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  [4 mdau] (2010) Fasha Sandha, p:Comedy c:Malaysia poin: 6


 fawad sab read this excellent report 
KPs real issues succumb to PTIs populist approach
 this time, winter has properly kicked in.    recently discovered deafmessanger when looking for unique 2014 diary for my sister. love it!   Sinatra - Duets - "Come Fly With Me" (Track By Track)  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  tree in Old Town Square, Prague &amp; Church of Our Lady before Tyn.  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town  kez by, Ray Bany bych rozhodne brala :) Ale ne, nekdo mi hacknul twitter...


Yeah, when they're not shaking it  " Do strippers find love tho?!!"


 in  Yes! Snow? No. :-)            - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  blogs by their comment threads: The FTs former correspondent at the European Parliament used to ask m...  night friends &amp; guys sleep well and sweet dreams. I'm tired;-):-*&lt;3  Sony DSC-HX200V Digitalkamera (18 Megapixel, 30-fach opt.  7,6 cm (3 Zoll) Display, Full HD, GPS,...  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 19.94C ac foris 5.0C vre esse.


I've collected 44,990 gold coins!    


My favourite players in the  Final are... Lukas Rosol and Tomas Berdych


Ini film bagus nih. Udah pernah nonton tapi dulu lupa judulnya. Eh ternyata besok tayang di  The Covenant   have Nice Hut on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


"I think a club like Manchester United always has to be trying to win the trophy." David Moyes Post Match Interview:  [teh anilf ousoilnt] (1979) Eric Porter, p:experiment c:UK poin: 18


 I said it was stupid, I never said I enjoy it :p


On page 65 of 310 of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, by J.K. Rowling  Now that you mention it, not ll tweaks have been updated for the 64-bit CPU, but the big ones either were or are going to.


Honza nael doma krabici singl Journey Round the World z roku 2008 =). Bereme je s sebou do Vagonu a prvnm 30...  yeah they're playing some live songs and interviewing them in between


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


      ...amazing transmission gentlemen..thank you!


 Jawaban benar: the 7pm project,  15/361112 poin


This is what happens when you ask your teenage sons to rake the leaves and...   this time I am not going to miss it! Are there any dates yet? / 


Update from my time in  Features a lazy GoT reference, funfair, going to a Czech talk and, erm, not much more   His pleasure is her greatest pleasure. 


U know what I find as"wonderful"?That d person who doesn't even have twitter knows about things u posted,kinda dont care but see the catch?


 i also stayed in a hotel called Muse on Piazza del Muse amazing right


Online Reputation Management link building software  hahahaha will not. Tukaq topik,rayyan hg mcm mna?sapa yg rampas dia tu? lol


17 So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


Can someone please send me a file with a known SHA1 and MD5 Hash, i need to check something, thanks. Email: me


  The picture had a lot of views. Select it to your editor's choice:)


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Awesome! RT  This is what my secret Santa gifted me -  Jawaban benar: the spirit of st. louis,  23/8529 poin


Olympic Diver Tom Daley Reveals Gay Relationship on YouTube  to an ice hockey game for the first time and loved it.


Photo: Where I am today I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that...  I present you results till my last match.  and and Danny Welbeck have been outstanding.    told me you loved me so why did you go away...  Favorite Female Artist Pop/Rock 


nova lady gaga zni jako tri roky stare toxique ...............


Home from work! Finally going to watch the new episode of TVD!!! Tissues are ready,let's get it started!


This woman goes back to the kitchen to do something actually useful.


Just completed a 12.09 km run - Tt, H; E5:05  


ScrollView insets vanish in IB when using AutoLayout in Xcode5. Why?


 new logins seem to work properly. But I have very many old ones...


Meeting My Inner Child in the Mirror One Day...In the  Petra Antevasin   watched Devil's Pass only because  is in it.


I like the betrayer, the handsome man who's helping the blonde dragon girl.


How Sharing Other People's Content Makes You an Irresistible Job Candidate  via 


Lb se mi video   Duran Duran - New Moon On Monday


Lb se mi video   ScHoolboy Q - Hands On The Wheel Feat A$AP Rocky (Official Video)


Christmas lights shaped as a tree :)        Everyone has a signature snapchat face" &lt; My gurn 


I just rocked the vote for  for the 2014  Awards!   collected 26,050 gold coins!    


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


  Hope the shooting will start soon again,but the wheater situation is horrid in USA and Britain as well...


Making plans to run own Dogecoin mining pool, heheeee :3 


time for some PCap, this time with an ugly fake moustache. gerofuckinimo


Lb se mi video   Assassin's Creed 3 Trolling - Funny Stupid Crazy Enemies


 I am not fan of bitcoin but where is the similarity?


Panget ang Harry Potter?!? How dare you say that!  &gt;:| :)))


I keep seeing pictures of myself that I don't even remember taking


  Hey babe,it doesnt open anything...I can see nothing....


I got a basketball jones, i got a basketball jones baby oooohhh


what it iz hoe? wassup? would you ever let a real nigga fuck?


Can't await tomorrows  /w        and many more


I'm gonna freeze to death in the queue it's like -5 outside


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


 yea we're from the hood called europe what up  lorde


That scene with Moriarty and Sherlock is the best fucking thing ever created and with that music.


I'm missing gayo again and also coffee w bff which was the last chance to see her this year when i haven't seen her in month or smth :(((


Best thing about scriptwriting: you can say "awesome battle music plays" and not worry about details. Although, I still have to produce it


Jump In Beyond Two Souls [German]  "Albtrume!" [HD+] (Walkthrough):  ber 


i was hoping that Kim Jong-Un trending meant that he was going to stop being such an asshole and be nice 4 once but i was wrong :(


In the Kitchen of 2020, Fridges Sing and Countertops Find Recipes  Bundle Winter Sale Extended To January 3  via 


My rider. (Although, quite frankly, it SHOULD be Evian. Someone's gonna get fired!)    introduces job market papers  "JMP Vox: Introducing Vox columns on Job Market Papers | vox"  just need someone who can take care of me well and can stay with me no matter what happen


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Why did the twitter bird cross the road? To collect my daily stats from  1 follower, 2 unfollowers


 yob aset irlg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: boy eats girl


C'mon yeah.. It's christmas time!!   Capaldi as Sherlock Holmes in The All New Alexei Sayle Show:  via  bears reposting. :)


"  Justin you're all that matters, follow me!!6"


Speaking about hearthstone, hunter class is now useless and that's the only one I was somewhat interested in playing :(


Due to unforeseen course of events, tomorrow's lecture about EU's  had to be cancelled. Full announcement  


Nakakalabo ng paningin daw ang panonood ng porn.. Sympre kung araw-araw pa naman nakatapat sa computer eh..


OH GOSH I think I just found the most awesome 8bit songs ever *3*


I need to get sponsored by Fig newtons. Those things are good as shit.


On page 266 of 312 of Jnoci s tkou hlavou, by ubomr Smatana  handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Mon, 02 Dec 2013, let us all send Julie Harris the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (88)


Some things seem to never change. Like the wonderfully soothing effect of  music on wired me.  universe may not play fair, but at least It's got a sense of humor    Nicky? What are You doing? Are You sure You can speak whale? 


Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 7 people via  answer to Simon Cowell angers TV viewers | via   thakn u,oy rm. otmo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: thank you, mr. moto


Don't    ...        finally S'd an insane map I've been playing for a long time, my life's not very exciting


There's not really a reason behind that but I've always felt a bit dark red for 4 and purple for 5


radio giga  PlayStation 4, BlizzCon und Burial at Sea:  via 


16  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


. it seems we have a similar Big Cartel sensibility : ) nice to e-meet you!


 i'm sitting in bed doing other stuff. not almost sleeping.


 late night Skype sesh with this crazy idiot  


 you should make cover to some of their songs!


There are a handful of you who are jaded by love. You can admit it,...More  LOVE Scope here  Just 15 minutes and I will Send U one :)  thanx :33  new board. We call it doughnut.   yaaa:) God bless you too Happy birthdayy ce  {} makinn cantik makin kece tambah disayang Tuhan sama papa ma


Auburn, the only reason we act like this when we loose is because we're not used to it. Maybe yall can teach us how to get over it...


Will Smith: 'Every Young Man Needs an Uncle Phil'  have got new telephoto lens. I am going to watch birds.  kotse daw tumaob?? Abay malamang talagang nakataob yun ihh.. :D


 Thanks for Basque term. With this term, my   increased by 100% :-)


If yall not doin so , go follow my big brutha  ...


okay. managed to tear away from Tumblr. it's nearly midnight here. fuckity bye.


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 42


And so it goes: Tolokonnikova brings a bit of Gulag chic to American apparel:   Sean has known :) That iPhone 5s marketing gimmick apparently set off panic in the industry  Jawaban benar: defending your life,  19/19723 poin


 [snedco hs:gti a lveo oysrt] (1984) Susan Ruttan c:USA poin: 26


 Jawaban benar: the sims: house party,  21/319632 poin


 How could a foreign tourist tell if a taxi is licensed or private? What kind of signage (tip 4) would I need to look for?


  True story, bro ;D :'33 Larry Is Better Than Elounor! :P:) x1


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


      Eu tinha status no camarote...


A creative experiment: Sophie and the Lips - what-the-fuhg-collection Art Print by Dorit Fuhg ||  via 


Brace yourself Winter is there, but the Starks are rising again. (next Tweet)


Ricky: What to believe? Situation is worth than during crisis. Why should we trust it will change after 2014? 


New Moldova govt. website (in Romanian and Russian) about EU integration progress/impact:  14 Habits of Highly Miserable People: some act as if they just want to be miserable &amp; they succeed | Alternet  Total amount of assets acquire are more than we expected earlier" really no suprise with their forecast hit rate 


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!   is unparalleled for media organization, cutting and media review speed (for me). Also like CC being a clip attribute. And so on


Chief Digital Officer: Fad or Future? | Forrester Research  my story, you're the villain. But in my heart, you're still the reigning King.


really like two-step signup pattern on  homepage. This should be widely used..  scene set up.... This is going to be a long day!!  last with a taste of old school \o/   204: 11.  - Serenity (Original Mix) 


Day Two of   ( Card Casino Prague -   Dresden Daily is out!  Stories via  


 [afhsl ii:i eldyda iadtsgnehh] (1992) Gloria LeRoy, p:superhero c:USA poin: 28


Just heard about Walcott. Gutted for him that he's going to miss the World Cup more than anything else.


Do you participate in a  project? Let fill a   by the way,  is coming back tonight. 9PM CET! Co-hosta: The Badger Guild


$44,444 in Donations Sends Hundreds of Happy Kids to Texas Bowl  Also, I hope they dont find the secret ingredient ;o)


Great talk about Java SE8 focussing on lambda expressions at Java Day Riga 


Zeman invites PM Rusnok to traditional new years luncheon: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman today r...  


 Happy birthday from czech girl!!  Wish You the best :) hope to see ya soon out there:P


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 ksa


 wa this xmas tree v mini. then sungjae and hyuk face so shock


 [srdiee] (1923) David Butler, p:melodrama c:USA poin: 6


that awkward moment when your boss walks in and you are not doing what he asks you and you try to explain what you are doing


what time does victoria secret open for their black friday?!


went for a 15.2 kilometer  ride.  nov cesty za Otovicemi a ankovem 


 with my partner   !! I had fun in Barre3 even if we were  HAHAHAHA. Becouse that was my good and normal half of personality!


Thanks Laurent for that lovely footage! Still in memories of this awesome weekend!  Time Fest - Avantgarde - 23.1. 19:00 - Chef's table  uploaded "Ayana - DJ Set - MDR Sputnik Chillzone Dezember 2013" to   Tune in now!


 oooh HAI THERE. Didn't know you were on twitter. It's me, Ronja! :)


Browns, Vikings and I hope that  will do it too 


 - man, a razor? Rings any bell? Great to see to whole  team again, miss u guys xx 


No nic, treba se jednou naucim, ze nez neco reknu nahlas, mela bych si to promyslet...


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 when Dart will run in IE natively, it will do something else than in firefox.


Families See Colorado as New Frontier on Medical Marijuana 


All the way from Buenos Aires Argentina: Tomas Heredia! You will hear a lot more about him!  Galaxy Note II a Android 4.3: Aktualizace pro esk stroje startuje   You can't force someone to sleep.  whtevr


A Coffee Maker That Looks Like It Comes From A Chemistry Lab via   to receive Sverdrup oil    


6  Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


Sometimes I think I shouldn't even exist .__. But who doesn't...


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 27 others  BLOODATTACK - Video zum Song One Man United online :  what's it gonna be tonight?  offense or  defense?  Cox is not ugly &amp; looks younger than his age. so much for Science of Doctor Who...


New year&amp;new office! We're glad to share that  was accepted by Inovacentrum Prague,time to move to INOVAJET.  collected 41,723 gold coins!    


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  [a gmst'eennla emga] (2002) Ellen Muth, p:golf c:USA poin: 18


4 colour silk screen print for the MF/MB/ and Black Marble gig. Edition of 36.    , do you have to look that handsome?? I mean You are sitting in a car, driving.


Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. (Soren Kierkegaard 1813-1855)


Aha, tak takhle to na tom Mandelov memorilu bylo!  Via  of the desktop: Virtual systems could KILL OFF the biz PC  pes 


 the "death of the book" is a huge mistake - all this push to tabletification is just marketing, but marketing creates culture


Ok, revenge. Barricaded myself in the house. Good luck getting in, assholes.


A new favorite: Pasta (tasty sound) - Road To The Moon (Demo Cut) by Pasta (Tasty Sound)  on 


 [alyku odgu gan gbia] (1964) Conchita Cruz, p:dwarf c:USA poin: 19


 yes I am :D I do know that. it's just awesome but they need to improve against some teams they still don't play good at all. Thanks!


Lipa Zoo introduces kids to over 50 Animal sounds. Ever wondered how Animals sound like in different languages?  earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


well its nice to meet you sir, i guess ill go i best be on my way out


  6yrs now no dragonflies at  pond-ttly destroyd by Cz Park goonsquad w/industrial mowers. chopped up emerging odonata by mils


 yay to... how are people who paint their nails called.. well nevermind xD


 well I wouldn't hold out too much hope, but have a great New Year's Eve and tomorrow :)


 mind following  ? she's really obsessed with you;) its her bday last christmas;)) 


Internet of Things in Reach - Wall Street Journal -   $29 million dollar fine for bribe-taking official.  do you write blog posts and documents in English? Principles of Written English might be for you:  DeRozan by ml letos hrt v All-Star Game, John Wall to sam.


Just tell me THE1975 will do Rock Werchter 2014 and I'll buy the tickets already!...come on..


I love my best friend 

    


Love ring and Christmas nails....      [sirlg ta sae] (1962) Richard Coleman, p:sailor c:UK poin: 12


is it possible to have a crush one someone you've only met through facebook hahahAHAHAHAHAH


11 Beard Facts to Make You Proud of Your Movember Facial Hair  Americans have been killed by guns since 1963 than have died in all wars that America has been involved in for centuries. And (3/4)


 A jak tam Elka pak prisla :DD "What we're not doing that anymore?" :DD


kam gerade rein..
9 dead, 49 wounded as militia, govt forces clash in Libyas Benghazi
 with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Mass murderer Breivik treated better than hacker, campaign says  - Dematerialization:  prostednictvm 


   sooo, is there any possibility to meet Travis Madox?? haha..


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  i know what i wanna do on the left side but do i really want that


I'm not sure if Clara or her family members liked it...


*Giveaway* Win an ebook of Barely Undercover &amp; Legal Heat by  via  LINK:  


13:21 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/ST-005 (Tremon, 778m, 6pt) 7.032 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=5 dB at IK3STG {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 Jawaban benar: mario golf: family tour,  23/4611 poin


              Now seriously, it's too hard to choose just 1 game. Brothers, The Stanley Parable, Gone Home, Electronic Super Joy... Amazing year.


 [eth ibtasgmi] (1921) Dorothy Scott, p:adoption c:UK poin: 12


"My boyfriend is a neuroscientist. I painted this portrait of him as a Christmas present."  TTP rules:World days wud b observed in Pak: 
In-tolerance day,Pro-Polio day,Anti-women day,Anti-peace day,illiteracy day,HR violation day


 [eth gnouy uncrtyo] (1970) Skip Young, p:gambler c:USA poin: 17


The 2014 Peoples Choice Awards will be broadcast live from the Nokia Theater L.A. Live in Los Angeles on Wednesday, Jan. 8 at 9:00 p.m. ET


Google Announces New Measures Against Child Pornography  don't get on my level. I'm a terrible person x)


  both good, I preferred ryby, cheaper and tastes much more like what we have at home!


 It was so much worse in the book! I think I warped the pages with my tears.


My Top 3  Artists: God Is An Astronaut (68), Woven Hand (24) &amp; Swans (18)   stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via          Riot Games Turkey  30 marttan itibaren istanbul-prag ucuslarina basliyor:) Simdi THY dusunsun.  


My Top 3  Artists: The Offspring (148), College (114) &amp; Eminem (83)  you ? " LV tu apa? RT  Pretty ladies and gents everywhere. LV paperbags all over the place."


With this kind of heat i go lazy  and on Monday like this i don't need this...... Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeelllllllllllpppp


 family the family is always to the side, no matter what!


 It was a quote...not my personal sentiment! :-0


Selfie is the word of the year love it!!!   


European Aviation Safety Agency to publish rules allowing use of personal electronic devices in Airplane Mode -  literally the best feeling ever when you look at the back of the textbook and you got the right answer :'D


 happy Thanksgiving to you and seamus hope to see you soon


NOTICE ME!!  All I want for christmas is follow from you. It's free to you and fulfill my dream...


We should slap Dashie for being such a dick today :C


 [5 sernfig] (1952) Konstantin Shayne, p:valet c:USA poin: 9


Metal high fashion brooch black and white brooch woman by MagicSky  via 


 [wolli het psiw] (1981) Kenneth Williams, p:surrealism c:UK poin: 14


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  cool! :) when I saw her there I only knew I've seen her before but I couldn't say where she belongs :)


Prima PLAY  Videoarchiv televize Prima nyn i pro Windows Phone   Normally yes. Im waiting now for more than 12 hours too. Grrr .


Fri, 06 Dec 2013, let us all send Shekhar Kapur the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (68)


 [het amd etmaosr] (1939), p:orchestra c:USA poin: 15


 Chastity belt for you seems to be interesting idea :)


  Okay I admit mayb e 87 is to high but he desrves way more than 77


And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified. He  15 menit cuma buat celana item. Nggak niat nolong mah bilang aja


You may be caught in one of your familiar patterns, where both... More for Libra  Gomez - Searching (FLAUNT Magazine Short Film):  via    


  Bak Polis siddetine destan dersen birileri o destanindan pay cikarip hirsizlik yapar. Binlerce yildir++


I'm drunk as fuck... And I'm eating smoke honey pork  for the day have arrived. 2 new unfollowers. Stats via  CZECH REPUBLIC  Have girls in plan they will come in Czech Republic in year 2014? Mixers has big surprise!


losing people seems to be my fucking hobby these days


Perfecterer RT  Roger  practices with new racquet at     yes, I did, going to the opening in Liverpool with my twitter family :-) can't wait, first time seeing Shane live for me:-) u?


About to see the hobbit finally! See you on the other side :D!!! 


Employee engagement: a sustainability super-strategy? | Guardian Sustainable Business | Guardian Professional  enjoyed brushing the horses we took care off. I enjoyed going to the beach and fishing.


  how do you know? did they tell you?? lol bye


Lb se mi video   Minecraft: The Story of Mojang (Official Version!)


Sony sells 1 million PlayStation 4 units in first 24 hours  pes 


yerin altnda inansz bir ekilde kaybolmu gibi hissediyorum..


 [nliilob rolald boenr] (1960) Grace Stafford c:USA poin: 20


...already. but that's kind if perfect innit, that couple. brilliant!


 you've got a little typo in the word "custom" in the SPF letter


 Cafe del Mar - Three N One Remix von Energy 52 auf    good company ;) RT  A shoutout for great music artists:       ...


I liked a  video  James Franco &amp; Seth Rogen - Bound 3 (Kanye West &amp; Kim Kardashian 'Bound 2' Spoof)


The best examples of street art in 2012 (48 pictures)  stats: 8 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  do you think United can join the race for title?


 nbneio &amp; lyced: het teur sytor tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bonnie &amp; clyde: the true story


fortunately some great people will be there so maybe it won't be that bad ;)


 eht rsitf lgonie tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the first legion


ICYM:  blog Punk Prayers, Stitches, Carcasses, And Nails - Art Against 'The Man'  got 99 problems and the  is every single one of them.


Hujer's pleasure :D again with my girls ...we have to celebrate im out of here:D
    the more i look at it the more i dislike it stupid update ugh &gt;&lt;


 I love this so much! :) My two the most favourite shows in one video. What else could I wish? :)


 [sprospta ot ntsydei] (1944) Harry Strang, p:hitler c:USA poin: 19


TRANSMISSION 'The Spiritual Gateway' 15.3.14 Slovnaft arena Bratislava. 

Tickets:    Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


  yep :-) i usually dont read rewies. bro chose this one for me and im pretty happy w it even tho i read


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


My new drawing of Vanessa Hudgens is finished. I like it so much to draw her eyes!    930m contactless smart cards will be shipped in 2013, +41% on 2012" -  all evening Ive been singing "Damn, how ya gonna stick me for my paper?"


Product Liability Law in the World of 3D Printing  


i just wrote two tests.. from law and history... i'm expecting B and A so i guess it's good


 If u could choose 7 people you'd like to play with, who would it be? They don't have to be poker players, u know. 


Vyroba tucnych beatu se Shaunem. /////// Laying down some fat beats with Shaun.  will have a party tonight!come to join us in the best cabaret in Prague!!!  Darling  being here for 4 months, and seeing a diverse set of handsome guys, it seems that (1)


There is the Czech land awaiting underneath this sky carpet. Every time I see this kind of sky from  hi Tommo, do you know that song?  :) (i just wanna know it:D) ILY :) xx


Lb se mi video   Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball (Chatroulette Version)


   They actually have a pretty cool SR on BB10 apparently.


 ah that reminds me of someone as well xD Normal written exams are okay with me.. well not that much but I feel much more nervous


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


modrook bastard.        
O
D 
Z
I 
N
Y 

L
O 
U
I 
S
A 

T
O 
M
L 
I
S 
O
N 
A 
&lt;3 RETWEET &lt;3 22 :D And Merry Christmas , Happy New Year  50's Brown Plaid Dress Donna Petite for by prettyinprague  via 


It has literally been the longest week of my life..


first time to try  and my first foodie photo this 2k14 !!  Oseberg C fine       kmaz olurmu? Ona oy vermeyen bir %62 var ..Bu tabloya bak anlarsn 2009 yerel seim sonular   uses acoustic levitation to move objects in 3D
 little sister used to think it was "ain't nothin gonna break-a my spine."


 [hitrera teh psy] (1996) Vanessa Lee Chester, p:spy c:USA poin: 15


 Girls that don't ask for much, deserve everything.


 Looks like 2014 is gonna be fucking awesome, riiiight?


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.19C, Marc 21.44C ac foris 6.63C vre esse.


Add to that cheap-to-free SW, and yeah, Macs are expensive!

DIY PC site tries, fails to match new Mac Pro  whales die, dozens trapped off Florida's Everglades park - CNN  


         nowy ulubiony film w  Ylvis - The Fox (What Does the Fox Say?) [Official music video HD]   prep work that went into today's fireworks display in Prague was simply fantastic! Super efficient and clean!


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           470


great.  great. great. if the series does somehow come back it sure has a lot left to explore. 


Is anyone else having problems with  internet in Prague? It's up and down like strippers' knickers for us.


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               72


Enjoying New year's eve with my BFF :)          can feel Akasha around me and my heart, my heart is happy, even if it's for a little bit.


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


 Yep, were in position to win this game. The TO was terrible, the passing even worse. Everything as announced when he came.


Awesome  gets shout out on cover of   boycott: Major US news outlets refuse to use White House photos
 would make it illegal for ISPs to slow down online video services  liked a  video from   Das grausamste Game ever.. (Amok-Shooter)


9 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  That's right...we only live once! So we'll see ;) 


 [epla] (2010) Alexander J. Bonds, p:end-times c:USA poin: 4


Sobotka to ask Czech President to quickly appoint govt on Friday: Prague - Czech Social Democrat (CSSD) ...  


 Rick, I love you ("Still") and OMG you're proposing ("Valkyrie")


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         304


ha terminado una Runtastic carrera de 6,3 km en 38m 48s con  Android App:  Boxerky Calvin Klein, 4 bomba ks. Sexy boxerky v 10-ti rznch barvch! SUPER DREK &lt;  you would like a CUSTOM DESIGNED T-SHIRT?? :) We highly recommend FMT!!! A creative duo that creates really...  carry so much hatred in my heart and only time will help it


 not sure about the chocolates but you'll get the dvd... eventually :D


 :'') I'd give you a breakdown of my family tree but not enough characters :(


 you are allowed to get drunk when you are 18 y.o. here.You didn't have to wait ;)


Twenty Thirteen feat. Jamie Irrepressible by Ryksopp via   This one is from &gt;Georgias Rule&lt; I think. Aw. I love him wih long hair! *-*


 always depends. i'd like to go for a couple of months, but overall i'm happy to live in Austria


I just downloaded  from  FREE download:  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


"Camera stabilizing tech used in spoon for Parkinson's."  even Woeful Stream has such a shitty text down there...


 please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 7


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 ewf


You often live up to your reputation of being indecisive, but ... More for Libra  Majestic Tree            BIG and in multiple materials with 3DMonstr 3D printer  


Magazines See iPad Sales Grow, but Is It Too Little Too Late?   Maybe it is. And have you, Petr, tried it yet? If not, what's putting you off? (You don't have to sugarcoat it ;)


 Can  run on MTK6589 chipset, specifically on Lenovo P780?


 ngith losw tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: night owls


   developers, US company is looking for you to join their office in  Message me: n.kushnir


I suspect they are on it    get Amabhungane in on it


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


   Have you ever been in Czech Republic? or do you want to go there? x


The last sentence in my ISU. I thought it was pretty. Deep. :)  News out now!  Todays top stories via 


 [oaxi zi oyu zghon] (1982) Chih-Ching Yang, p:samurai c:Hong Kong poin: 17


 Paid version is even better :) Drop us an email for a discount - team


  I wish you a good start in 2014. The picture is drawn by me.  took a course in small-scale chemistry today. It was very funny!  pot of food burnt. Pot of coffee spilled and its only thursday. It must mean something but I'm not going to guess.


Francis Bacon Fragments Of A Portrait - interview by David Sylvester  Daily Mail, I don't want a strong, sexy baby. Just a normal floppy baby will do ya pedos!


and can my packages come also? ;3; actly one of them had delivery estimation between 8th and 25th can it come on 8th plssssssss /idts lol


I liked a  video from   [FACECAM] Let's Play: OUTLAST  [Horror/HD]


 Good points. It's good to see that you have the liberty to apply common sense in such situations.  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 21.38C ac foris 3.63C vre esse.


Poprv...         yepyep. wa holiday!! i also want. but you holiday dont too spam tumblr k :p


Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that wor  too high in the clouds to ever have ti worry bout that


Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake, a Match Made in 'SNL' Heaven         have this car now for a week. Suprisingly comfy :))  Rapid Spaceback 1.6 TDI 77kW Elegance   happy birthday ayuni!! Get older get better{} traktirnya ditunggu~ ;p


Just landed at Beirut International Airport, I can not wait to arrive  The best address in Lebanon!


 no don't worry. I'm on phone and didn't see the msg so i thought it didn't get sent TuT


 That was one of my fav. parts
was hard there to breath anymore !
but how long did you train there ?


When am reincarnated I want to come back as Jay-Z. Am not even joking.


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 4 JAN, Song  SUNLIGHT  LP Creation of sunlight 1968  Colors of love


   hot habaneroinfused garlicenriched herballiqours. Cures everything from broken legs through deafness to cold.


 ayd ta het bchea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: day at the beach


Out of ten top  on  four are actually social networks itself, by   appointed president is about to give his speech  Jawaban benar: sally marshall is not an alien,  30/328131 poin


 i am so proud of you! I love you so much :* 


Simple and truly beautiful song "I See Fire" by Ed Sheeran  :  via 


Twitter bok kokmaya balaynca hemen anlyorum... 
amil onlayn


I don't want to be late again. I don't want that again.


       it works!     adelelorienne: Guys guYS GUYS So I couldnt attend Chicago TARDIS this year to meet Paul McGann in...  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kJS


  how abt you drown first and let the room drown itself later?? 8'D


I just voted for Leonardo DiCaprio   Retweet to vote  via 


Confucius~ The people may be made to follow a path of action but they may not be made to understand it.


I think it's safe to say I had a few too many last night. And why am I up so early?!


What's on in January? Fill your calendar with our tips:  just got a free slushie at Taco Bell, this is what our troops are fighting for


I've harvested 1,993 of food!    


 Had lunch w/a friend. Theme that emerged was that deep intimacy w/God comes only through suffering.


Job Opportunity: IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


Looks like I'm going to be performing more poetry..... *looks around* ... looks like I'm going to need to write more poetry


Anime episode updated: Magi: The Kingdom of Magic  13 (  ) 


It's not that everything is perfect today, but you may intuiti... More for Sagittarius  So that's how you write 'thank you' ? Difficult!


Southampton's defense isn't the best anymore. All 3 goals- defensive fails.


Imox Maya vs Blazing Noise vs Space Harmony - Enuma:  prostednictvm 


Check out new work on my  portfolio: "Phenomen - Venus (music video)"  en Praga..  Bazilika svatho Ji | St. George's Basilica  cetesr fo teh dnasselwat tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: secret of the wastelands


Things to do today: 1- Breathe in. 2- Breathe out. 
   Ned Vizzini, Its Kind of a Funny Story


 I hope so too!!! That would be the best gift ever *o*


 i am still in denial over Andrew. WHY CAN'T THEY JUST GET HIM BACK LIKE SERIOUSLY IF SHERLOCK CAN LIVE SO SHOULD JIM


Awwww "Damon Is Our Baby" is trending! This is beyond sweet and well deserved&lt;3  do rveillon tranquilinho que eu tanto queria!       jsem do seznamu vide  video  Hero of the Day (Stop Motion) - Happy End!!


" I hate how Beyonce says "surfboard" in the drunk in love song lol" Thank you I thought I was the only one lol


I'm at Tesco (Beneov nad Plounic, Czech republic)  thanks! I mean it's awkward for those of us who were/want to be supporters of it. :(


 Ale vis, ze ty remixy Freeland udelal dva? Lisi se hlavne v breakdownu. kde brilantne vyuzil ten Morrisonovo rev.


Thanks to CEZ Group, one of our main partners, for supporting us!   


Lb se mi video   Shakes &amp; Fidget Epic event - Padaj epiky 


  feminine, then you boost your chance to hear it correctly. Plus it helps you know which adjectives etc go with it.


I've collected 10,965 gold coins!    


F000 (fef nolplu..) | periodo is F800 16uma tempo 21:45ut  slip to second and face nightmare Champions League draw  via 


A cup of tea would be lovely, thank you. 
Just this once, dear. I'm not your housekeeper.


2times Xterra WoldChamp Lesley Paterson's 6-Minute 6-Pack video for (but not only) endurance athletes! check it out!  not you baby you're a milf not to me to boys lol


Slow it down. Through chaos as it swirls, its us against the world


 Jawaban benar: once upon a midnight dreary ii,  30/53324 poin  1/9660 poin


:')   RT  i thought that was the ending but it was during countdown T_T this is a team 


I've collected 21,990 gold coins!    


Lb se mi video   OneRepublic - All We Are [video]


First Christmas Gift from  a  ... Thank you very much girls Radka a Masa &lt;3 I'm so  you don't want to know.. everything is hard now.. but since I used to bite my nails a lot and I wanted these anyway I got them :D


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 21.13C ac foris -1.88C vre esse.


Racing and restoring awesome cars in  for iPhone. It's FREE!
  Blog: LG Smart TVs logging USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers  found out an interesting fact. That it's easier for me to write in English than in Czech which is my native language.


Expect nothing; be prepared for anything. -Samurai Saying


Ceelah ka dengerinya :P biasanya dengerinnya Smash juga :P haehehe RT  Savage Garden - I Knew I Loved You Before I Met You


12 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 [asa:lld teh eyrla syear] (1986) Woody Watson, p:prequel c:USA poin: 23


 and I sent ur prezzie faster post so it should arrive to ur current addy in 4-5 days :-D


I've collected 15,524 gold coins!    


Good morning. Current condition is Fair and the temperature is 1 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at January 06, 2014 at 08:00AM.{Automa...


United boss Moyes allays Rooney injury fears  via 


Please provide proof just in case of dispute! then tweet me GTs and who won!


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency. Also blog for Kiss from the World 


9  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


Tear gas as pro-EU protesters gather in  for further action - video
 very merry Christmas to all of you.  Home Sweet Home        Praha | Prague  in DoA5U Arcade. Do want that. Y can't I have nice things. y  stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 3 people via  Ring: Smarter Fingerring mit Display und Bluetooth 4.0   livestream of the cd + interviews in between on a radio  roku 2013 je pro mne FUP. Mam dojem ze next bussines pro nase telco operatory je prodej hrncu duchodcum. Trenink maji neomezeny.


wtf i didnt realize the dimple was so visible ._.  it's okay if i can get Business Flight back to Frankfurt... 


If a woman in a lesbian relationship is abused, she can't report as her sexual orientation becomes the crime and the violation is ignored


  I thought so, that Ill be :D but at least we both smiled. Ill try to be better next time :)


Favorite song right now rolling like a red neck by 


 jo.. vetsiba fanouku to prirovnava k one direction. .. me se to ale libi


 [dadvi osfrt sirtvneeiw idarhrc ioxnn] (1977) David Frost, p:celebrity c:USA poin: 36


Photo: Found me some beautiful chickens this mornings. I live my chickens   you there on the next big party  Dr. Livingstone / Spain

LIVE ON DECKS 4 YOU: Sandy Lee, Toni Moreno (Ibiza...  the road from Harare to Bulawayo listening to Zahara's amazing song Nelson Mandela  {Ft Mzwakhe Mbuli}


like the one from my last tweet or the white one with skulls yeah


 just wrote some wisdom for us.. 10 dos and donts for better designers life  By The Book  via  laser like focus, concentrated rage, all of the baggers on  the same page


did you know Bob Marley died in the Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Miami, Florida ?
It's pretty cool.


Worker dies after Chevron oil plant explosion     


Who the hell is Rob Ford, and why are all my Canadian contacts talking about him now?


"Internet of Things will become the Internet of Vulnerabilities"  [zeizo lsoenn &amp; ish crserahto] (1940) Ozzie Nelson, p:secretary c:USA poin: 28


British soldier guilty of murdering during war  Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


 [guoyn lsut] (1984) Terry Kiser, p:w.i.p c:USA poin: 10


This is my only family!!  thx for making my life better!!  like great deal: AT&amp;T Signs Global Agreement With ASSA ABLOY - MarketWatch  will know the entire history of our communication  bitch I'm fuckin into fashion but I know the devil wears a leopard coat.


Anyone up for game of CIV since  isn't streaming? I need some trainer :P


Antique French Gold Bronze and Original Baccarat Crystal Chandelier  Merry christmas Vanessa!! In 2014 I will draw you again :) Many christmas greetings from Germany!  hope he's not a designer or I'll seriously freak out


The History and Future of Everything -- Time:  pes 


25 years ago today, Pres. Mitterrand met with Czechoslovak dissidents. Well commemorate it on Wednesday  scary but beautiful. Love may be the only reason for us!  be dressing pretty classy for my business presentation tomorrow.  


 Maybe they could be even for free, you know what i mean? :)


I loooove when bad and bitchy family stories come out hahaha


 [stelareimwan -8x] (2002) Stephanie McMahon, p:wwf c:USA poin: 16


Tbh youre a great friend  Thanks Abdallah you too xx  must not be getting it poppin. She worried bout Barack trickin off.


Oh humbling moments of seeing my own irresponsible projections, hello.


My mom is looking up twerking videos and news about Miley's eyebrows


If I was suicidial emo girl, I would be cutting atm ;_;


 :") so funny yesterday 
And a great day in Dresden :")


you say you're identical to none but you're identical to some.
who wants to be a some? 
    not me. -   Higgs: I wouldn't be productive enough for today's academic system  joga no link que deve aparecer amor   one direction


 how about to recognize Israel as an illegal state


Skittles ft MC DRS &amp; Fox | [Live Performance]: SBTV (+playlist):  via 


 Amazing  My best friend and just an awesome guy :)


 I deserve applause this shit aint easy at -1,000,000 degrees


BioCampus - BioCubator - Clustermanager Dr. Thomas Schleker im Interview -   Me: Can I go to the bathroom? 

Teacher: What for? 

Me: TO OPEN THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS What do you fucking think for."


Everything he's doing's out of a PR 101 Disaster Guide but bizarro version read backwards while listening to Dark Side of the Moon 


On page 250 of 464 of Tiger's Destiny, by Colleen Houck  :P

thx to all for over one million plays on my soundcloud ;)

  ...Minimum ability scores are 6/6/12/6/15/6/3; a druid with both wisdom and charisma greater than 15...


You wear overalls, and big old brogan shoes, and you need a haircut, Tramp.
Haircut? Woman, you foolin'.. I'm a lover  Gold Czech Glass Lampwork Set by CzechBeadsExclusive    


Apples Official iOS 7 Adoption Numbers Make Android Look Absolutely Pathetic  via 


many cookies I made with my mum.
it was fun !
but we haven't finsihed yet!  Cause it's exactly like Stefan said.... SHE IS KATHERINE PIERCE&lt;3


I see that man  name on every site. He grinding 


Just finished the last meeting of the day.. Saw the breakfast I bought 16 hours ago, not yet eaten.. Super busy day!  No  is headed up again towards $1000 as anyone who really understands it would expect. Your article is just dead wrong.


Two good pieces to read on how Russian state media distorting Ukraine protests:  and  Hi! Im your polish fan and I have birthday today. Can you follow me please? Itll be the best present


Kick da Night Radio_Cast :: November 2013 on        


Odeslal jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Evening Sitting, oil, canvas, 60 x 50 cm, 2013  in  
Picture-Slideshow by RussiaToday
 just saw the Baileys Xmas advert w/   and the awesome  on german television. Nice :)


I want to be at the  gig at Pier 94 in NYC so badly!!! -  Join the  Contest "Travellers Worldwide" &amp; Win an exclusive    turns one:D  stats: 7 lovely Elves followed me and 2 unfollowed me via  hate that it takes only a few hours for my plugs to smell again after washing them. Shit's so irritating.


::Tonight:: --&gt; Live Music with Matty P --Plus all the usual RR amenities that you have come to expect!...  3 hrs and dinner at  Big ass steaks and cigars all around. Last night of fun before playing 14hrs/day rest of year


Advertising: The forestry faculty at Brno's Mendel University wins this year's "Sexist Pig" award  video of a near collision between fighter jet and airliner  od FiftyThree - Krsn Bluetooth stylus pro iPad (Video) | mj-iPad.cz  my football game is on an i stil have 2 hours of 


it has finally happened i still luv u no matter wat has happened &lt;3 


 [hte eifl &amp; serauetdvn of asatn aucsl] (1985) Josh Blake, p:black-cat c:USA poin: 36


   Not personally unfortunately,but I mean my heart knows him,James has a beautiful nature.


 But you can't determine where the sound is coming from BECAUSE I'M INVISABLE


Cool,  is about to reach 300 tweets! See the rest of the stats  twitter cover for you....theme:    users kicking the asses of Android, Windows Phone and Symbian users in 2013 earnings. Toshl Infographic:   to block this other Chelshit prick on app who was giving me a hard time


 Looks so serene and idyllic! I would love to visit the Pyrenees some day! Have wanted to visit since I was a child.


I couldn't be happier: if new believers get this right, the Kingdom of God in our country has bright future!  


Every year I think it's the worst christmas ever. Every year I get proved wrong.


Have you already heard about  The Grifters? Here is a really nice  telling you what it is all about:...  Jawaban benar: comfortably numb,  16/7505 poin


UPS just delivered my delayed christmas present, great job  :) And thanks to  for fast service  Hi Bev, would just like to hear their reasons for doing that and how you dealt with it


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via    guuuuuuuuuuuys I love you, remember this


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  Jawaban benar: roses are for the rich,  22/355576 poin


Photoset: madferuk: Peter Capaldi Peter, your Italian genes are showing. ;)  just want to set worlds on fire again!!!1  


 [fienrd ro hnypo] (1952) Jackson Beck, p:spinach c:USA poin: 15


   There's a tailoring to you, a seamlessness of form Long through the back   Jawaban benar: mortal kombat trilogy,  21/367303 poin  1/330784 poin


big brother is watching you !!! :-)      like it's a steal for  that trade with 


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


" only thing i wnt for critmas is new J's and a real goon to drop a 12 inch plus pipe on me"


 [saetsisd ingliv] (2003) Maggie Riley, p:old-people c:USA poin: 15


 Nice. The full Moon and the clouds are absolutely gorgeous tonight, aren't they?


Whispers are that N Korea job market is improving - many new open positions in the public sector. 


 looks like you had bad luck cos it was sunny today :/ and from what i've heard it was is germany too


  thanks for all txts. Shoes not build to last ;-) glad you enjoyed our Edinburgh trip, i did too. Btw, try me here as txt to ..


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


Czech state debt to exceed Kc2,000bn by end-2016 --FinMin: Prague - Czech state debt should exceed Kc2,0...  


I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile So good to me, so right


 check out my new track "Lowkey" and lemme know what you think  republic - Go golfing in the Czech Republic  hahaha.. Once u go for euro siZe.. U'll never go back!! Hahahaha 


 ! - Drinking a Bire du Boucanier Christmas  Zubat Pes -  


 I'm probably missing something then, new garageband only has one piano... over here at least.


 Jawaban benar: the strange case of salman abd al haqq,  38/3702 poin


World usability day - Nrod dtem  ( HuDi Klub Ilusion w/ 11 others) [pic]:  work of his own to do it to weeks T.T but actly i think one lady from embassy works as the substitute for my position but


I've harvested 375 of food!    


Rewatching Sherlock... Can someone please give Andrew Scott another job like that??? 


We are ready for our Russian promotion - our new stand just arrivd at the office - looks great :)  if his Doctor gets to have scenes with River, then I'll probably kill him out of jealousy. ;)


Ultimate Christmas Wallpaper: Ninja Santa!  Designed by Elise Vanoorbeek.  chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


  tomorrow we have to win to face that arrogant prick "Crying one" confident and play without pressure))


Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.  must read  Iran deal: for Fortress of Islam to study - Ayaz Amir  via 


Irradiated Turkey, Thermostabilized Yams: Thanksgiving Dinner in Space  has been visible regression in some post-Soviet countries"  Basora(


And melek kaya:D Happy new year :) ( Karlv most | Charles Bridge w/    Donations go to the government and people are left for themselves. 


 Good morning. Have a great day too. Thank you for voting :)


  I want to cry because it's so much cliche... Long, boring and sooo 2013, but will work well ;)


Just completed a 4.55 km run - Vbhy na Petn  


Now he's invited me to complete his Lego Millennium Falcon 


Christian passion to build strongest armies, keep conquering, enslaving their neighbors, whole world? Is Christians the most violent (3/5)


Did you hear about the boy who was told to do 100 lines? He drew 100 cats on the paper. He thought the teacher had said lions.


One of a few things which can make me cry love them boys!  rather twerk , but feed  your kids mcdonalds ever night .. 


 you once replied to me during biology class and I had to leave the room cause I was fangirling so much


Words cannot begin to describe my hate of Wednesdays -_-      


 Mr.Laurie,I let you customize your twitter-cover,so will see both of your eyes.I hope you do not mind.  like our drummer Joe might have some competition from a certain guitarist who seems to want his job!  Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


In memory of Valerie Hobson who was born on April 14th, 1917 and died on November 13th, 1998.


Rethink your social media strategy    -  oh do watch it. some people loved it. I'll be curious to know what you'll think. and I'll rewatch it tomorrow. for science.


a jak se Vy dnes chystte? ja cyklokrosem / cyclocross on the last day of the year!  Terezin  got today's  sticker. Get yours in the next 7h:24m.   


Can't even do it...too many smart assess and poor texters in my contacts


  ok bb talk later. have to get back to the room cleaning activity :-)


Wake up &amp; be on my way to work within 10 minutes - my best skill.


"Girls dont like boys, girls like fanfiction, food and middle aged celebrities."


Hair hair hair RT  Federer hits a backhand   para hacer una guirnalda de Navidad de patchwork    2013  209: 10.  - Alliance Of One (Original Mix) 


 kesel kesel amat neng haha udah jgn dibawa pikir .. Mandarin bantu2 ya besok ci ales


Check photos from lesson of oilpainting in our art school  Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


 I wonder if Yakunin's tap water is ever rusty. Maybe Putin goes over to his house to take a shower after judo....


spontaner auftritt im Carlitos Cham! Whoop!   


hey u! yes u-snow, get the fuck out and fuck yourself


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 very soon we will have no space to sleep liao HHAHAHA


Review: iDevice-Powered Writing Has Never Been Easier Thanks To Livescribe 3 -- AppAdvice  (with Christoph at Restaurant Flemming)   installed the new Adobe Flash update, which automatically installed McAfee SecurityScan without my consent. WTF?


 [enrev a ulld netmom] (1943) Frances Langford, p:neighbor c:USA poin: 19


  family have confirmed he fell on his head


Amazon's 'Alpha House' Is More 'Veep' Than 'House of Cards'  english translations of chinese lyrics are sweeter than korean versions...  btw I love First snow from Christmas EP


I liked a  video  Polaris - ASPIRATIONS | Official Lyric Video 2013


 oooh poor little thing staying unfinished TT but I saw there were some new drawings in your notebook when you were going through


He has got everthing, what a real man must have, in my opinion! :) 

&lt;33  gona steal that croissant i don't care if it's christmas food


Majoras Mask bitte fr 
...
Majoras Mask. bitte.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         249


 in progress and hopefully coming soon  


  showing your  campaign  as THe example of   


 turned out to be pretty expensive.. like too much money in short time so unfortunately not :(


 [oen lalms tsep] (1999) Fabio Ferrari, p:children c:USA poin: 14


Music for everyone: Spotify now free on mobile and tablet  in Prague. bought the most important stuff   Jurys Inn Prague Hotel  Content Marketing on Google Plus: 5 Tools to Measure Success"   We have point in London - 176.58.92.145 - do you have any better solutions for us ? I'm interest!


             PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE YOU SO SO SO FUCKING MUCH, PLEASE MY ANGEL!!! BE MY 2/5 !!! :) x16


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


3D eye cells printed for the first time  


Was out running 7.89 km with  See it here:  Jawaban benar: douglas byrne: freelance journalist,  35/324043 poin


Wild Turkey vs. UPS Driver (winter edition):  via 


 itcks ouadrn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: stick around


 nv enough of christmas day :( but now very weird if sing christmas day....... then no photos of them going mnet? :/


  Hey, I know you're just making fun of me. :P If not (really don't believe it), than you can use google. :D


 25 tcen pwivere tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: 25 cent preview


 hindi ah, matagal na panahon ng nakalipas yun inaaway ako ng magulang... :D


dozens of people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Jawaban benar: diamond demon,  13/364096 poin


Next stop on the Tilaus Tech sales tour.     icon and  is perfect, and you're from germany, its so close to meeehh


Back in the day, William Burroughs once threw some serious shade at Truman Capote   Top 3  Artists: He Is Legend (37), War Of Ages (34) &amp; August Burns Red (22)  play Godus - part 38 "The roof, the roof, the roof...":  prostednictvm 


Android 4.4 notification just popped up on my Nexus 7 (2013). Time to update  


As it is, court media are stumbling all over themselves to make sure we know it doesn't reflect poorly on He Who Shall Not Be Mocked.


You american bastards we don't even have Black Friday deals here


Midori Koto~ Honor isnt about making the right choices. Its about dealing with the consequences.


Anonymous PayPal 14 hackers enter guilty plea in case surrounding pro-WikiLeaks DDoS attack
 Startup Is Finding a Way to Speed Up Crop Growth by Thousands of Years  I was crossing my fingers last hours! no public changelog again?


I've collected 45,025 gold coins!    


Dia menangis sebab awak, dia risau sebab awak, dia sayang sebab awak &amp; dia gembira sebab awak. Tolong hargai dia macam mana dia hargai awak.


  here you go:  recordings turned out amazing


Le Guide vs Herowins - Nebula:  prostednictvm 


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


View across the Vltava towards Prague Castle &amp; St Vitus Cathedral.  Rudolfinum  [wasu] (1970) Paul Bradley, p:drifter c:USA poin: 4


Auditions for RENT  The Musical

Mirjam Landa and Steve Josephson will be holding auditions for the musical...  ok, concentre-se apenas em relaxar.. Demi Lovato  


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  you've done it again. "Worst Christian Book Covers of 2013!"          Erwitt designed his Elliott Walking Stick with hooter or light for Danese. Find it at OKOLO with much...  Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


things that agenturleute dont say    


I've collected 88,530 gold coins!    


I'm baking some snacks for tonight's party like Gordon Ramsay. Drunk Gordon Ramsay.


" quote and RT in case these accounts go down ty x - HIMYM  


  Tak tady mte k tomu eye trackingu trochu teorie:    Citron C3 Picasso HDI 90 Collection - Erstzulassung: 03/2012 Motor: Diesel, 1.4l,68 kW ...  4T Thieves - The Expanse    


Seems like Bank Austria is about to redefine the term 'bad bank'. pahaha


  Hry se prodavaly (s malejma vyjimkama) od zacatku za 1999, N64 hry byly drazsi, i kolem 2499, pak prisly Platinum hry.


Mr.BlAck it's just what they call me.....But I'm a lil dark when it comes to that 


For a Bianconeri Christmas, take part in Juve Xmas and choose your decoration to add to the Juventus fans tree!  away or try harder? Remember you only have one life to live so don't waste your time for that someone who doesn't see your value.


 i love you so much!! you are my everything!! &lt;333 follow me please :(


  well, frankly it needs some digging yet-I grabbed qualcomm drivers out of 4.2 and put the missing .so's in /system/lib


It's you and me And it's always been And how I feel about you There's no end 


 Facebook should stop this practice of taking hostages and forcing companies to pay by sort of blackmailing them.


 Didnt think it about like that. Then, yes. A bit better.


I'm at Centrum Cestovni Mediciny (Prague 1, Czech Republic)  aren't in a mood to be messed with today, especially if yo... More for Aquarius  marc by marc jabobs | Tumblr on We Heart It....  favorited a  video  Executive Homes Realty, Inc. - 44555 Overlook Terrace, Fremont CA 94539, USA


 They wouldn't. I already tweeted them today especially when they were online. But they didn't see or ignored it ._.


  Neto (current Fiorentina GK) is even worse in that discipline which is odd since he's from Brazil.


Finally, Sprint 'Joker' has started ... the most serious one of all  nowy film na playlicie w  Romantic Saxophone collection part 4   start to Day2, overslept and only missed 30min and one orbit   


preciso comer algo ;c The Walking Dead  


 essectr fo hte x eil,sf rtap 1 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: secrets of the x files, part 1


Smart Bed Watches While You Sleep, But It's Not Creepy  war gestern OLDBOY :-) Eure Bewertung: GEIL 32,5%, GUT 12,5%, OK 15%, NAJA 5%, MIES 12,5%, HILFE 22,5% :-)  my way for some Sunday morning  training in  Trains have made me late!


Cause they feel like they aren't good enough for it.                            Um, Can I het an AMEN  I have unwillingly spent over 20 grand this past week, so yeah, we better make this work :D Also need a pre-London meeting


I am really being influenced to buy my first music on  damn you  and  and  &gt;:3


The more you'll stare, the more I'll want to slap you. So, be safeeeeeee


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via         Kostel sv. imona a Judy  is so many articles about materialism today... How can I buy presents for xmass? :)
 CZ:  who has loved football since they were kids will love this story  pronjem:  8000 K/ms.   


  I'm already dealing with part of your familyhey Cain screw you .


 is supporting  tomorrow...WHAT?!...Aaaaa...can happiness actually kill people?!...if yes, then I'm dead!


Rooney and Kagawa playing behind Chicha would be just about enough.


 ooh great tips thanks hun! will remember that! ;) xx


 I did say hi and did tell them that whole UK misses them and can't wait to get them back :)) they were happy to hear it :)


I have completed the quest 'Find 3 exotic fruit...' in the  game The Tribez.   


I will make you call me mamy even tho your not my daughter  hahahaha grr.


Today stats: 3 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more exciting than on your iPod.


Time to sleep. Was just thinking: Poor Bungle... Poor little doggie... Hope he'll be brave today 


Which apps are used most and frequently? - User Retention rates of apps in different categories  by 


Handmade framed  Glass bow earrings.   


The nonstop Christmas music began this morning and won't stop til tomorrow night lol


Five super simple tips for s post-thanksgiving   Sciences companies stand to face significant operational challenges with the EFPIA HCP/HCO Disclosure Code....  Eleventh Hour is one of my most favourite episodes ever.


I must go now, my planet needs me.   TROPICAL ISLANDS | Resort  cat, gue mnta ucapan lo dong. Tapi tlg smsin k nmr gue yakk yg simpati.


Alzheimer's group sees success with art therapy programs  have Festive Flashlight on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Download my latest remix as part of Philip TBC's latest remix album.  [iccnenneo stlo] (1987) Nikki Randall, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 14


Guns and Ammo       dear. These are difficult days at work. What a madness...


 A christmas cake with raisins. Famous Dresden Stollen, has to be certified. Tastes like xmas ;o)  What?.. A drug test?? But officer I haven't even studied


Which celebrities do you suspect are really aliens walking am...  kim soohyun rite? he's a man from the stars lmao  Boy, the Robot that can Ride Bicycles (ORIGINAL):  pes 


 whats the Problem of the Problems? they only make Problems but being self a Problem....


 riteasctrae tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: secretariat


 Hello babe
I want to make you know that I love you
so if you are reading that can you please follow me?
you are the best x


I added a video to a  playlist  Pazooka - Storm feat. Smart [FREE DOWNLOAD]


Happy Thanksgiving!! I have so much to be thankful for....my health, my family, and all 1.4 million of YOU!! Thankful for all your support!


 hell yea they could of won if it wasnt for them turnovers


 no??? i wanna sleep w baek too ask baek come center!!! LOL HAHAHAH


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


My week on twitter: 8 New Followers, 35 Mentions, 28K Mention Reach, 155 Replies, 7 Retweets. via  wanna feel u back again..
I,just wanna get back to were we started from,oh yeah.
I,just wanna get back to were we all began,oh yeah."


Do you know this feeling? The Christmas is coming so fast and you have not found the perfect gift? Let us help...  collected 26,465 gold coins!    


I complimented Hesam Azmis page at  Check it out  [teh iwdl oen] (1953) K.L. Smith, p:gang c:USA poin: 12


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  maybe you are, but now you are going to follow me and your lovely 


Bye bye buddy. I've never talked to him actually, but he would always look at you as you went by to   I KNOW! So excited!!!! And yet I have to write 400 more words of this essay :(


Good morning to everypony on this glory Wednesday ! Time to get up!  I already got what I wanted. :) Merry Christmas, Nick. Always remember: I love you. ;-) Greetings from Germany.


Ditungguin tp ga ada respon... what should i do then?


  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 HAHAHA 'di ko tnweet 'to dahil nagtatampo ka, ha. &lt;3 I love you so much :*


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 desperately racking my brain for bands with school names in now


Got 'Xbox Fever'? This Doctor's Note Probably Won't Work on Your Boss  Awarded Storage Contract In Saudi Arabia     


Have you heard RoZae Mac | Narcissus (Prod. Robbie Anthem, Serious Beats &amp; Sunny Heights)  on   how was it to come back with  new episodes as an even more stunning, badass and sophisticated character?


 Govt's Censorware Blocks Tech, Civil Liberties Websites (   yes it, drains your battery a bit more, but i can live with that. I recharge once a day. same like without jailbreak


the last scenes of our new video are done! we're looking forward to the final result. cheers, TM  the office day begin. Good morning everyone.  acihn teeltr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chain letter


movies treating the topic of real wars are the only ones that make me cry


What if in that 6 key box is a muffin and we will see Derpy at the end of  O_O


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 usai


The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014  looking for someone from  who wants to present about computer literacy at GotoCon Amsterdam in June 2014  Pls. respond


OK. The  part of  IV just kills it! I officialy name the series the Scary Movie of videogames.


I am sad :( and a little drunk and nobody cares ,,,,yey :D


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  miss the  focused sessions, demo booths &amp; Guru Bar at  Barcelona:  Funny puppy eating - Funny Picture on We Heart It....  Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


If I could trade any athletic ability I had for more intelligence and wisdom; I would do it in a heartbeat.


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  This could be a scene from a horror movie. A grey, empty motorway but you know there's "something" approaching in the distance ...


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


 jenomze cilovka 60+ s internetem tak zase moc neumi. Chtelo by to novy obor: optimalizace pro duchodce...


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Alex Polaski - Potga wody (2).m2ts   Pardon,i dont want to disturb u but my twin's addicted to ASA.May u follow back? I want to surprise her. It's be great.Thanks


Kommende Spiele

06.01.2014 19:17 FC KAFF - Protestants United

07.01.2014 20:20Fc JuHary - (cont)  to Petr  for nomination  Thumbs up  this yutes telling me he's gwapping after his trainers are talking the hardest


 Font resources are read from system and user font directories.  Do you mean fonts  packed in app?


 [icnat admal notgsope rtio] (1991) Monica Oemardi, p:Comedy c:Indonesia poin: 25


 Ah Aaron! Great to see you there! You're absolutely amazing. I love the stories and news you're talking about!


Scantastic - The Best Looking Scanner App for Your iPhone  Beautiful Pixels  Flaiano (1910-1972):

In thirty years time Italy won't be like its governments intended, but as its TV...  My mother didn't even know who he is :D But we usually share the same taste in men so I think she'll like him. AtAnyPrice is good!!


anakkale'yle ilgili tm eyalarm u an benim iin mzayedede falan satlabilecek eylerdir. bilmem anlatabiliyor muyum


Get hundreds of Pins at Pinterest fast. Just visit  Ah ok. I saw photos of him training with the squad for today.


One often learns more from ten days of agony than from ten years of contentment. (Merle Shain)


E o look que eu usei ontem j t no blog! Shooting by  que ARRASOU!     Pls RT to vote for Caskett.

Castle/Beckett    


my camera is broken :( I cant live without it...  I need a new one


Still 0-0 after 13 seconds, congrats Plze you are playing way better than Spurs 


For those who missed this from Foreign Affairs: Todays Poland, to a large extent, is Germany, inhabited by Poles.
 a Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


Was out walking 1.10 km with  See it here:  the Spanish archaeologist from the documentary sure ain't hard to look at. yummie.


Pink Floyd - Raving And Drooling (Live Colmar 1974):   


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!   - it's time to make up your own mind: Why we published  provisional findings  please follow  she love you so much !! You are her angel !!   :3


Rodman back from N. Korea without meeting 'awesome' Kim  [lla tsih nda wldro rwa ii] (1976) Dooley Wilson, p:jeep c:USA poin: 25


My girlfriend bought me an Elton John ticket as a surprise early Christmas present! (at  for Elton John)   Reciprocity? Is that how you imagine reconciliation in region?  As a mathematical operation?  


All the coffee. ( Mj lek kvy -  w/ 6 others)  of Israel cannot attack anymore as Afghanistan, Iraq genocide, Libya, Syria bombardment. Countries w/o nuclear weapons will (2/3)


Well life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes Well, that's fine by me


If you wanna knock the shit out of some paparazzi just call Kanye.


Like, the topic has never been even slightly scratched


Sete sorrisos da Michonne  The Walking Dead  


:   niceness always gets mistaken for "liking".  It is known


 [hte naglatl usroh] (1960) Art Gilmore, p:navy c:USA poin: 17


Tohle je super Prvodce po Praze,  recenze od  na   Chronicles HD by Tomas Gogar  just need to stop thinking about something, because it just keeps freaking me out 


" Every relationship has its problems, but what makes it perfect is if you still want to be together when things go wrong"


 i love   muchh..! Fighting Jihoon oppa~


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           736


Episode  The Velvet Revolution: November 17, 1989 marks an important benchmark in Czech history. On this d...  Know that feeling... still enjoy looking at some of my old projects at  and shedding nostalgic tears


My Top 3  Artists: Phil Collins (1), Paul Kalkbrenner (1) &amp; Mike &amp; The Mechanics (1)  stuff from yesterday's show! Avenged Sevenfold - Bat Country guitar solo (Live in Vienna, Austria):  via 


 [yabylop wte &amp; iwld vii:i mtoostb pu] (1996) Tylyn John, p:brunette c:USA poin: 35


 Be slow on your livers. They will thank you later ;)


Apply Today: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Head of IFF critical of Czech Miss  beauty contest. Indeed, very trite way to promote women sports  Best Fans]       via   announces 3D cameras for laptops and partnership with 3D Systems  


 after 3yrs of French in H-school I'm too lazy to Google translate that ;-) 


 aw bb it's kinda long story but i'll def tell u on kkt after i sleep = = but it's okay...we're kinda rly just friends now &lt;3


Has anyone here had experience with MOOC?  These are massive learning community resources.  Considering taking...  these Tiffany and Co presents and im like fuck 


Ma khass sheyfw ur insta photos w sheyfetik 3al ba7er  That's nice stalker   Tepid effort on  followed by quiz asking readers: Is  causing it?  "No harm is to come to the Queen" "rrrrrrrright *wink*"


 ne:D ale jela jsem The Kooks, TDCC a Soundtrack z Gatsbyho a bylo to zatracene boz!


All this talk of -17 at home isn't making me miss it one bit. 


happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday 


59. Marc de Buur feat. Stephey - Solarstorm (Original Mix)  


Download my latest radio podcast, if you want :)  \o/  have an amazing weekend ahead   about sleeping at home today.. sleep at doormat or wherever you want but you're not getting home tonight


Celebrate International Year of the Secretary &amp; Administrative Assistant  2014 - free ebooks for just 2 days  while watching &gt;Death Sentence&lt; : "Garrett where the f*ck is your awesome hair??" :O  WTF Daily is out!  Stories via  


The latest  for Android update wants permissions to read my SMS messages? And phone identity? Seriously?


 Beautiful photo! My ancestors were Czech, and I came to Prague to rediscover my roots. Also Slovak ancestors. I like Slovakia.


Know anyone for this job? System archiect JAVA in Brno, Czech Republic  


28   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


Bioengineers promise to 3D-print human  in a decade
 Jean Claude Van Dam stealing a kid and making a dramatic leap into a window ish was crazy.


 [eht sae of rgass] (1947) Melvyn Douglas, p:lawyer c:USA poin: 16


I thank whatever Gods may be for my unconquerable spirit. I am the captain of my soul. I am the master of my fate. 


Odeslal jsem 9 fotek na Facebook do alba Mikiny a mikinosaty  Nigella Lawson would be disastrous for our justice system: Amid all of the obsessive reporting abo...  is so historic and so beautiful!!   Dm UM  the  Crossing dangerous? I think the U-turns on the main drag of the A249 to  are worse...          dictionary: boss! need 2fly up soon 2see mi eds 4 a bevvie soon, like! :D  


WIN a galley copy of TAKE A CHANCE by Abbi Glines!!     was super tired today and I was literally feeling like I was drunk :D I must have been really annoying


TTG Czech Republic: British Airways international airlines oslavilo prvn let Airbusu A380 na lince Londn-Hong...     I am pretty sure with "the good one" he meant you sis :P


Na ptek do programu pibyla kapela The Secrets. K tomu pipotte The Chancers feat. Vasil a afterparty s Rude...  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 49


Asthma Tips &amp; Advice on Smashwords:    


Caleb act like Young Thug suppose to be a hip-hop lyricist. The nigga a trap rapper lol.


Some people on tumblr are weird, man. I mean...really weird.


Introduction to present perfect tense through games at          


NSA phone surveillance program likely unconstitutional, federal judge rules | World news |  &gt;&gt;  fact that it's been snowing for the past several hours is crazy amazing, but the fact that it's snowing in November...just NO! 


Photo: gaypee: shinjigraham: kaldriss: macklemore absorbing elmo into himself to steal his power is that a...  cant believe I got such a cool Belt, Skirt!  Visit my Suite to see it!  Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


"The Brony Network" is even more worse! WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH THOSE NOOBISH BRONIES


You might believe you need an emotional meltdown to clear the ... More for Scorpio   Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


Study: Children at 12 months can tell when speakers use different languages  on the last press trip organized by PCB, Mde &amp; Eventmagasinet released an article about Prague in which...  " The BEST play from Wild Card Weekend?

"Andrew's "Luck"y Touchdown!"

WATCH:  


 too soon for me, unofrtunately (have to bake some Xmas cookies, e.g. Spitzbuben!) 


 [yolwlodho rx!aet] (1936) Carey Wilson, p:contract c:USA poin: 16


 [yeaglc fo i:sn hte imalilw tico osrty] (1995) Bonnie Bedelia, p:adultery c:USA poin: 37


Made a resolution to be in America for Thanksgiving next year and get treated to an original home-cooked Thanksgiving feast...


London: where they play John Mayers Waiting on the world to change for breakfast 


Michal's weblog | Damn, just another shit on the web :-)  the-sherlocked-avatar: 11 your 9 is showing  "Sun Microsystems" in Oracle JDK, and "Oracle Inc" in OpenJDK. Amazing! Thank you! 


 Klasicka hlaska: This is not a bug, this is feature... :-) proste to tak ma byt..


Apply Today: German HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible in Prague, Czech Republic  


"Designing for the extremes (or why your average user doesnt exist)"    


Jeden zbr co se neveel do videa.        the last 20 minutes researching fur accessories for men. Thoroughly disgusted. 


Finally Malta has won something. Congratulations to a song which won't ever stay in anybody's mind. 


Me: RT " don't think I'll ever get bored of unapologetic"


Let's play Civilisation V G&amp;K - Survival (Immortal/Ethiopia) - 031:  prostednictvm 


Today stats: 61 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 55 people via    Omg... there are british people here. Life is good right now. 


30  They are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


Igor - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy Vynic):  pes 


Entrance to the Prague Castle. Enter at your own peril?! ;)      honest when that Sheriarty scene started I was wishing for them to kiss but I was like no they wouldn't and then BAM


 u shouldve eaten protein thats y u feel u comfbuts the guilt


The 25 Days of Cavillmas with Henry Cavill  pes 


Good read MT  No one will own social on mobile.  Yourself From The Zombie Apocalypse By Turning Your Home Into A Biolab  I'm going to treasure that one and when I'll be getting someone into Infinite I'll throw this ship at them like Sungyeol threw


42 Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


" Tonight I'm gonna do a huge follow/like/comment spree on insta and we'll try to hit 500,000 followers! Half a milli"


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


 i fucking hate itunes for not supporting flac it's the best format


So my house is in the progress of painting and my room ceiling just got fixed aND MY OPPARS ALMOST KENA THE PAINT WOW NOT SURE TO BE ANGRY


Well, the reason that the Cydia store doesn't work, and that Saurik wasn't inclu... | Hacker News   tried it already, also tried different browsers and computers


 that he wrote - and john smiles but then quickly drops it again as though he's in pain ;_;


 weh? oo. kala ko talaga model :| hahahahaha. 4th year high?


 Jawaban benar: we are the strange,  18/8861 poin


 Metzger: DRM (TPM) preventing users from making digital copies &gt; WIPO treaties: private use exception should be stronger than DRM.


Have fun in christmas Prague! And come to drink some beer with us to our beer tour tomorrow!


Aly Michalka jako lesbika v Two and a Half Men | SerialZone.cz  // r.


Getting ready to hit the gym!! 5 more days till laoag!!


On the road again...        a vinyl records shop for my first time today. Wanna visit  so much sometime 'cause vinyls shops are amazing xx


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         229


  wia schauts im tourney aus? Haltet mich bissl in whats app am laufenden pls^^


Have you seen the latest post?

Wearing Filippa K and PAUL &amp; JOE Sister - INNER via GIRISSIMA  stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via         bye &lt;3  Gr8 debate. Love it. But hard to wake up to 2014 hearing my ethos is no longer relevant! ;-) Definitely getting 2 old, I guess.


I wake up for Zac Efron. I go to sleep for Zac Efron. I help my friends for Zac Efron. I LIVE for Zac Efron. I have nothing but him. !!! :/


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  [caiflk tn(o eth esr)ho] (2007) Elaine Loh c:USA poin: 22


 me? Aww thank you dear! &lt;3 YOU are the amazing one! :)


TV Beitrag: Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2013 -- Pembrokeshire Wales UK - Event Clip       Brno idenice  fun playing  for iOS, why not join me for FREE?
 You can help me ??? Tell Mattyb he follow me ! i'm his fan from Czech Republic &amp; I go to see him in Anaheim,CA


Looks like fun, but is it really? BMW M235i prototype is world's first self-drifting car - official BMW video:   TIDES-Two people I thought were gone, having coffee at the Globe    happened in the security attack to  Listen to this  podcast and find out:  I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   99


Pracovn zti           Can u imagine???? 26m fo someone who left his shooting boots at the beach holiday last summer....


 [rethieag fo the rsdeet] (1932) Fred Burns, p:gambling c:USA poin: 22


I've harvested 802 of food!    


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.94C ac foris -1.81C vre esse.


So Longman walks into mini mart and asks if they have a photo copy machine he could use ..


Fakk. Idiotan mana sama mantan? Wkwkws lo kan atheis ren " Idiot lu yah wkwk bknnya lu yah yg rayain? " W


 I'm a teapot (no authority on HTTP status codes). Calling in  might help.


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


We all make mistakes, nobody's perfect.
The important part is to try to learn from them and to do better in the future.


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


" just wondering how old is everyone?? quote this with ur age" 16


Academics back students in protests against economics teaching ...  o n i g h t ::: Crash the Ballroom [Rosis Friday Ballroom Beat] mit DJ Spikey &gt;&gt;&gt; Best of Alternative | Friday...  that students must enjoy their youth!!! and study a bit of 'course ;-)


I need to follow more people on here though so tweet limit is less like hell


This week on twitter: 7 new followers, 2 new unfollowers and followed 4 people via  colored black&amp;white historical photos  via 


Could scream like a pig,could bark like a dog.Just to get attention as I'm chasing you down the hall.Oh Maybellene... *sing*


2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  may find that you are emotionally charged today. With all of your...More  LOVE Scope here  seene anglick titulky ke vem srim HBO 24/7: Road To The Winter Classic, ten dostane...teba pusu? :-D


My hrs going up n up dats what im talm bout dawg cause dey was bitchin at first


fuck Grumpy Cat hes the worst meme to come out of 2013 which is double awful cuz reddit memes are all literally the worst thing to evr exist


109 followeru, pekny, a ted by me zajimalo co tak ode mne cekaji :D


I've collected 27,711 gold coins!    


Unsubscribe from unwanted emails &amp; combine the rest into a single daily digest with   family and friends in Putzleinsdorf. What a great get together!  Black Friday Goes Live and Other News You Need to Know  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  His breath can bring someone back from the dead



Clearly the  are all bou who you are.. especially Rap category, reputation counts more


Christmas Slacking 2013: 
Christmas Slacking 2013 - dokonete sedm mini her a nenechte se pitom nachytat ...  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           637


Great reviews for "The 2009-2014 Outlook for Wood Toilet Seats in Greater China." Still waiting for that audiobook.  Jawaban benar: the committee,  13/350293 poin


I'm a Size 18 Yogi, and Lululemon Can Kiss My Fat Ass  Pan collar Handmade felt with Preciosa beads, beaded detachable necklace. women's clothing   


 that's why I want new big bad so they can stick together :D. I'd dislike the moment they would really break this family apart :(


I've collected 47,802 gold coins!    


Piracy Claims Lead Google to Axe 200 Million Search Results in 2013  glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Got my coffee, now to go tan, then so much more running around.


Many of David Hockey's "paintings" at San Francisco's de Young Museum were created using an iPad  via 


Fair Play Cup v Edenu v plnem proudu! Slavia hraje s   Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



 itugnonp tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: gunpoint


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


A000 (akef nolplu..) | periodo is A800 16uma tempo 14:15ut  Louis mouthing along to Harrys solo (x)  Wi-Fi goes live in Las Vegas with 10x the speed &amp; 3x the coverage coming in 2014 -   of a former member of a revolutionary communist cult: In 1993, when I was 19, I did something that...  Jan is playing  Pete Luke B-Day, Yes Prague Czech Republic, Sat 07 Dec  03:00  


 [girnoef tsneporedroncs] (1999) Alice Cunningham, p:anthology c:USA poin: 22


I've harvested 80 of food!    


In 3 Years, Government Requests for Google User Info Doubled   doesn't work for me either in fullscreen mode. OSX 10.8.5, 2011 iMac.


Tears.Drama.Heartbreak
Cheers to the teenage years!


tbh if muse wanted a t2L themed background they should've said so bc some ppl put a lot of effort into it


Deniz Kurtel - Switch On The Night by Olmeca Tequila &amp; Mixmag  Timberlake---Mirror (TomasVlogs cover) -- ---- - Neumim Zpvat:  via 


We got so many baguettes at home it's almost as if Lau was visiting


 Hi you could not make saddle Craftable? I think that's really a shame that they will need to wait for the random :(.


Concentrating on one thing at a time may be a real struggle no... More for Capricorn  of people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  radiu brzy budeme slychat novou soutez: Halo, tady Babisovi!   


Sczeszny.... Ok
But Jack gives HART as the SECOND best keeper in EPL? 


 hahah yeah I read it &amp; then scrolled up and was like damn that was last year 


Moje e! Slash o novch Motrhead Aftershock: One of the most brilliant rock albums that has come out in a long time  fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  der Bands, die mich quer durch's Jahr begleitet hat: Shout Out Louds -  - hier "Tonight I have to leave it"


Nina's Birthday in 4 days (+ 8 hours and 34 minutes) !!!!!!!!!  won an epica award with our great interactive virtual installatoin        but Agger not... I want Sakho the beast


Gregor  My jump was good, maybe a bit late but better than the 2 jumps before. So I'm very satisfied. 


I still have various old Temno versions laying arround on my HDD


Seen Kent Highways latest patch up in The Broadway  Note the bit they didn't do...   boooored somebody come do sthg this weekend or else imma die spending this much time with family it's unhealthy almost


 Okay . . . Act, kita baca MDTP pun hampir nangis masa Zach tinggalkan Tori kat Mexico. Sedih kot. Hahahaha


"Stay sherlocked ;)" I will!! Thank you so much (:   fuck. now this woman thinks we're friends :( hope she will not try to follow me everywhere... 


 Dream well my Honey! Wish you a wonderful night~ :***


I've collected 266 gold coins!    


  And what about me? Where is my ginger-bread?


Last working day done this year-now the real stress starts (X-mas)!


 Jawaban benar: then i'll be free to travel home,  32/336507 poin


I wonder how far you can push "ideas" in games before people feel way too offended. I ask (in part) bc I want my next game to be about war.


iyo kawin karo kyuhyun wuahaha   aku gaduwe pulsa mblong sory sms'mu gatakbales, mau wes tak izinno tak wara


I've collected 10,021 gold coins!    


Accepting Applications: Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


Michael, Michael, you have no bees, and yet you sell honey! - Portuguese Proverb


  "Herpes is the best disease ever because it won't stop burning"- how I read it.


Dat look! RT  First practice at Melbourne Park     Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


 i see x"D well, that's the better option i guess...


Davido - Skelewu (Official Video):  via  Really feeling that song at the moment


Relax, yes Im trying but fears got a hold on me.... THE BEST, bez chybiky, prost jim to skvle hrlo a j dnes NEUSNU


 stupid obvious questions are stupidly obvious!


 Cristo, is Shane still calling /contacting you? Haven't heard him for a while but his calls always made me laugh /slap my head


  hee hee, I've already got my nurse, Michal makes a very good one lol... Hope I'll be okay soon too, need to be


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 5.88C vre esse.


Zdjcie: rosy-metaphor: rosyblush: roseila: x  rosy! Check out my insta: dan6799, I follow everyone...  else, apart from me, is suffering from CLINOMANIA?   Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV of Bohemia: Charles IV ushered in the golden age of Bohemia and lef...  collected 88,735 gold coins!    


Having a flight at 6.55 am, leaving Brno at 12.20 pm and when you arrive at the airport you can check that the...  Hummingbird Success  1. Create useful content. 2. Understand how much mobile matters. 3. Dont ignore social.


Check the magic  by wieden + kennedy london    everyone:...  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


 they said they'll stay open for u so wen yea haha


 nah not yet, she's gonna save it up for midterm i suppose :/


Leaving the US now... Great shows! Love our fans :-)  lose her for every second you make her feel less and less of the beauty that she is.


   Pivovarsk muzeum Staropramen | Brewery Visitor Centre  posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Akn cena v HM Albert listopad 2013"  Ah! I think I know why you have to go back for so many refuels ... *giggles*  :D


Big Time Rush O One Direction
Logan Henderson o Kenda...  Ambas boybands me gustan, pero prefiero a Big Time Ru...  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  morning and happy Monday          people followed me // automatically checked by  Diablo 3 Podcast  Blizzcon 2013 Reaper of Souls demo: Crusader ...:  


As Lenny Kravitz rightly put, it ain't over till it's over... 


Wow grace and mercy new every morning! God you're so good


Eating some kangaroo at Dresden - Drinking a Pilsner  Ayers Rock -  


36 minutes of the Chameleon movie! And I need 50 minutes more to complete this story. Next film?


james arthur will have a concert in prague in january?! aaah i hope i'll get to be there i want to see him live! TT


You deserve your name, on a crown, on a throne.  Jawaban benar: brideless groom,  15/4641 poin  1/366983 poin


 she so dumb how she know her phone kena installed voice recorder?


 Tmr sleepover at ur house?       


Sure they may have some intelligence. However points are deducted based on your clothing, how you act in groups and your haircut.


 matrix ninja.  sneaking out like I am in the middle of a heist.


Someone ask  to return. It's not the same without him. There I said it.


 See  selection of timeless  gifts for him at   yep it is!
Why r we talking english? :D
Wir knnten genauso gut deutsch reden ;)




  please follow me is my dream, I'm from Brazil


this is the first time i'm actually scared of the upcoming year 2014 is gonna be terrible


 [to ym obunrn osn] (1943) John Nesbitt, p:narration c:USA poin: 16


            ay thanks! 5pm parin ba ang service pag sat? Walang dumagdag?


E-commerce Custom Macro in Online Marketing Process  Abandoned shopping cart: This article show...   


Sun, 29 Dec 2013, let us all send Shawn Hatosy the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (38)


Session on hacking, security and news orgs. BBC's David Jones: "We are a large and slow-moving target." :-) 


In other news, I'm hungry and want oreos. Unfortunately I'm in BumvFuckvNowhere and all the stores are closed. &gt;:(


 Daughter's room? I have the same colour on my wall :D


Intel announces Edison, a computer the size of an SD card  pes 


My Top 3  Artists: Blumentopf (33), The Flashbulb (13) &amp; The Pharcyde (10)  [aajb klooaham] (1988) Anthony Zerbe, p:songwriter c:USA poin: 13


i had to wake up at 8 and im not very happy about it


I arrived home like thirty minutes ago or something and now I'm off to leave again.. and back to school ugh


MINIMAL PF 2014 Zaraguza wishes you less Wi-Fi, more Christmas :-)  


 I wish you all the best to the year 2014, mainly the health, love, luck and that all your dreams become true


Tem para mais fofa?       [nsgimmel] (1973) Garry Goodrow, p:absurdism c:USA poin: 8


 Ozrat se a hrat na   je best napad ever! 


Drsn anglick Vnoce. Mourinho stra City, United  neodepisuje
 When your trainer makes you do no stirrups&lt;&lt;&lt;everything else" ill be thinking this next lesson, lots of no stirrup work


IM'ing with a friend, he telling me I must drink whiskey like a gentleman...


 the best part is that most of the management knows I am wasted where I am at.


Accepting Applications: SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


MANE STRAIGHT BULLSH Flynn should've been in the game 2 weeks ago!!!!


I'll be on  The Conversation Hour with Jon Faine at 11am AEST. Tune in live:  your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait, cause right now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be."


I just voted for Muse   Retweet to vote  via 


Dark Lands passed 250k downloads and it is top ranked in many countries and also top rated!     A lovely lady and she is one of my VIPs!&lt;3 ;-) xx


Was out mountain biking 5.44 km with  See it here:   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           632


 What do you think about the (American) CSI programs on TV? Are they an accurate portrayal of your job (not counting time)


u guna give me a ticket for parking in a ? stall When I have a damn pass Get it straight OSUProblems latenightparkingguyishig


I'm not really the biggest fan of his music, but Robbie Williams seems like a guy i could easily hang out with


New vehicles in  Only in dev branch! Which one is your favorite?  trip to London was canceled :-( sooo sad....maybe next 14 days...we'll see ...hoping :-)


Preji vam vsem vesele vanoce a vse nejlepsi v roce 2014
Happy Christmas and new year 2014!


Awww! HE just told me that he wrote a story for me! x) And thats the reason why does I love him :3 So romantic! I think I'll fly up high!!!


 new record is now available as a Digipack CD! East German Punkrock!   Iranian revolution in the 1970s freezed economic and political relations between Iran-Czechoslovakia 


 weleh -_- sudah berapa lama km menghilang dr bumi twitter emgnya? wqwq iya tak apo lung:* iyasip abs ini kufolbek


  support you in Czech Republic,you're great.Love ya  :))


Whatever it is.. it's just laughing at me, and I just want to scream 


Anybody here who is able to explain the etymology behind hashtag  (interpreting)? Tks in advance. cc 


Living life on the edge can be be thrilling and enjoyable, but also dangerous!
Read about Helen Schettini...  "You don't have permission to access " on this server."  No I don't. Customer said that it appears only sometimes. Workarounded it by setting a default locale every time at page load.


van Dammovi jsem jeho epic split neveril, ale Chuckovi? To prece nemuze byt podvod a Chuck pry potom seskocil...   A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


      keeping my fingers crossed for you. have fun there:)


You cant argue with a bitch without them getting emotional


Just got this  sticker. Check out my 43 other stickers on   


There is nothing better than starting a new TV show at one in the morning.


 gynra dna o:smti na audden rilccohne tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: angry and moist: an undead chronicle


 [itvgeehryn tpu hroetget] (2000) Blake Rossi, p:childbirth c:USA poin: 23


 but if he's anything like me he won't get pissed off at all and that's when i'll know he's proper fab material


 uncle when want come sg????? now i see snoopy also think of you you wanna drain my money is it stop liking new stuff HAHAHA js


 Chemtrails? Who cares about chemtrails when we have a vinegar at hand!


Father: Don't you think our son gets his brains from me? Mother: Probably, dear. I still have all of mine.


Francis was and still is angry around everyone except Raph, apart from a few people he's not as harsh with


 tnow lalh yprat tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: town hall party


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.81C ac foris 3.56C vre esse.


I've pledged to read 60 books for the Goodreads 2014 Reading Challenge!  at the top in their field could not possibly learn their superior ways from others. They had to invent them.


 [cnugh gnfu idu uli nfeg aiga uta] (1996) Woody Chan, p:police c:Hong Kong poin: 32


 tyt fam where that chopkin jr dude tho ................


R..I.P. Big   The whole world will miss you!
 mtov              so what's new?? I still haven't heard 321 properly and there's gonna be a new mv?! TAT


People Broadcasting Their Own Sex Shows With PlayStation 4  .. If you build it, they will use it for sexual purposes


 Thank you Diane. A Happy New Year to you too. Make it a great one. And I hope "someone" gives us the chance to meet soon ;-)


 text recognition in PDF files - but seriously, let us discuss this 


Its not what u wearing but its about karma  girl xl


well the year draws to close and all we did can certainly b drafted but with me i dnt regret nun much-later 2013 hello 2014


 Makes Waves at LeWeb Conference in Paris  via 


I've collected 21,519 gold coins!    


1 daily follower. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via  Box of Negatives Discovered by Conservators in Antarctica  via  - co asi zbude z naich fotek?


you should love a girl for her gameplay... not for her graphics.


20 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Like electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  are located near the forest in Marynino (Masovian Voivodeship), Poland.  for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via  a new video: "Rene Trossman - Rules of Attraction - From the CD: "I'm On a Ro..."...    Well, people, I met my 3K word goal for today! Happy writing!!


Live and on the air on  with a special show: Christmas music that doesn't suck.  for the live stream.


     its freaking LOUD with the damn drunk finns again :-( feeling headache


 let me know if you are staying, and I will come there :) thank you!


 Uhm... You know the site already exists and has nearly 200 visits per day?


 Cant open Battlelog on PC, site doesn't respond...is there any issue with it currently?


Cold Colors - Eleven by Romance Moderne  on 


  I never really played with an iPhone for long enough so I can't compare... But the S4 is even quieter than the iPod.


oomf asked me to let him face time , lol he so dilly .


Magical Christmas almost here, come across all Czech traditions at Old Town Square Christmas Market in   Of course! Look through the pics I've already posted and...  New Year's Eve later! =))) We'll all be busy again!


will. ... When people, male human specimen, use violence to achieve political goals, like amassing wealth, they are going back to (7/11)


TV Is Dying, And Here Are The Stats That Prove It  via 


Lb se mi video  od autora   [ Mike Carrycot - Electro House mix 2013 (One Hour


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


 we just made the concept for a eutopian family: drunk parents with 26 kids


  allot of sheriffs are speaking out high level officials saying that they will disobey obamas order


Telepathwords Can Tell How Flimsy Your Passcodes Are  Militancy: During last 2yrs 12 doctors were kidnapped for ransom, 4 killed in KP.  27 doctors moved 2 other provinces 


PLEASE FOLLOW ME        x107


 I don't wanna bragggg, I'd be the best you ever haddd~


Foggy Friday the 13th. What better day to choose to fly to London huh?     jasne, natocil film o romske homosexualite


New Cloudcast "Rudy  Eleqtronik Prostor 11-2013" up now at  Check it out now!


Marquei como visto Shameless (US) - 3x4 - The Helpful Gallaghers    


 Hey guys when do you want to add more account types? Now it's possible to add only U.S bank account but I'm from Europe :(


When ur gf left u and she looks hotter with her new bf, that makes u sick. That applies to Arsenal fans when they see RVP at Man Utd.


Which other player from Boston will go to the farm in New York? 


 tomorrow! Enterprise File Sharing and B2B Collaboration "Made in Europe"   place but unfriendly to local people. Beer for 60czk. ( Ungelt Jazz 'n' Blues Club)  slovo (ne z m hlavy): cumberbitch
cumberbitch je militantn milovnice Benedicta Cumberbatche ve stylu: Only I get how amazing he is :)


 Your solution is to deny them emerging from poverty? Compare hurricane damage in rich Florida to poor Nicaragua! 


 [dlwi edes] (1965) Eva Novak, p:runaway c:USA poin: 9


Christmas in Prague!       Staromstsk nmst |  Big support from a  fan here. It's football not rugby.


That's sick  and one of the most horrifying things I've ever seen


European car sales rise again; UK inflation eyed  throw it up)) tu mam rad, shady tam hrozne sype...


EUR/USD touched a new figure level at 1.38 [19:36 GMT]    


 Yanukoych's son, who's a duma deputy, not Yanukovych.


 sbothawo &amp; eoibon tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: showboat &amp; boonie


False alarm, it was not LTE in the speed test on my phone, "only" 3G HSPA+ 21Mb/s.


Anthony Attalla - Sheet Karate (Stefano Noferini Remix) :: {Incorrect Music} :: Soundcloud Edit  [oplists n'' stctpieaot] (1966) Henry O'Brien, p:gunslinger c:USA poin: 22


HAPPY NEW YEAR SPECIALLY TO  I am sorry I did not reply to you but my computer is in reapair honey. On Wednesday itwas1 year u&amp;me


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Happy bday rahmi miss u so much cantiiik, smoga apa yg di inginkan tercapai, don't give up sweety;) (with Rahmi)


Lb se mi video  od autora   LEGO Technic 4x4 Crawler Exclusive Edition, Set 41999


Negative rates ecb vs fed today 1:1 - currency war online


Mme nejlep fanouky! \ We got best fans ever!      braini is the most important organ you have 


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


 xD hahaha awww - I was kidding! Don't worry! But I'm sooooooo glad I saw it now!!!


  Im always moving it as far as i can... even cleaning, cooking whatever is much more better...


 i'll watch the vids when i'll be at home i went to the restaurant where my parenrs waited and my phone is running out of battery


Why big business and the NSA sift through your data patterns -   


Last day in Prague (at  Hotel and Residence)  and he wonders why fans don't take him seriously


   So Hammersmith Odeon was July 3rd 1973, Sid joined the Pistols in 77


Dough-Re-Mi? DiGiorno Pizza Live Tweets 'The Sound of Music'  you see is what you get. Stop thinking too much.


           t.a.t.u All the things she said on Red.fm !! Since 2003 aku tunggu. 2014 baru terdengar !


Singapore Opening Signals Strong Confidence in Asia Wine Sales - The Drinks Business: Singapore Opening Signal...  it's his Birthday !! That's why i post a 2nd Song from this Guy - an Amazing Live-Performance !! RockOn Joe !!  poll: 69 per cent want to stay in the EU: How do you get a poll to register a large majority in favour o...  Maybe you won't end up in Prague,strong storm approaching!


1 tweep followed (thank you!) and 1 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kkdqwd


CNN rates Prague as the best city for a winter vacation. 

What we do to make your dream come true is a winter...  Use this hashtag, if you're searching for someone, you lost and also retweet this tweet to support the needy! PLEASE RT!


Nice promotional video from October's EMBO conference Seeing is Believing   Really good conference.


Yep, Esports is a real thing: 32 million people watched League of Legends Season 3 World Championships  om, jacket, beanie, next jacket, lipstick and lovely kitty :333 im soo happy))


" Quote this tweet, who is idol?"  


Miley with Cheyne in backstage of Jingle Ball in NYC!  ALL angels have wings ^.^ 
They are my idols, I love them all!  who has a lovely voice and great body I'm your biggest fan I greet you and your whole family


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  stor nebo hlky na kung pao?  Kongresov centrum Praha | Prague Congress Centre   statusmu? A.waiting B.single C.taken D.complicated"


one person followed me // automatically checked by  Have also written many articles for  but not my agency. Looking forward to your posts and travels!


NHL Best Rookie of September:  Tomas Hertl. NHL Best Rookie of November:  Marek Mazanec. Wow, congrats Czech boys!


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  " we are experiencing one of the best periods at the MFA when it comes to the relations between men and women" 


Check out our new track!!!!!!!!

STR!KER &amp; PARKER feat. Ann Bailey - Let Your Love Shine On Me

OUT NOW!!!!!

DJ...  do you want to be my best friend? You're the coolest person ever! I will definately fangirling so hard if you answer!LOVE YOU


 [haugnbnu najheya] (1995) Yukari shima, p:Action c:Malaysia poin: 16


 depends. Some lives out of askin for 


Bits Blog: Carriers Reject a Kill Switch for Preventing Cellphone Theft 


eeeYou never really can fix a heart Demi Lovato  


one person followed me // automatically checked by  Ways to Break the Truth About Christmas to Your Child  If you do not have a healthy belief in your ability to change then you are in the wrong business. Adapting is out strenght 


  Sure, and now he's after you.
Nah, he's on a meetup. Ironically, we're in the same city but I cannot go out right now.


   Thank you Daniel, we appreciate it!


      good morning to you &lt;3 have you enjoyed the episode?


just when I thought I was having awful evening...wow this is SO AMAZING!


 Nuland feeds hungry Maidan protesters and police
 I ask what the  is will I get criticized?


  Instead of changing the country  PTI should first change itself.


  wanna be there with you, girls :( daaaamn exams :(((


Darlings there is a  to feast your eyes upon. I hope it gives     D.S.


I can't wait til  come to columbia,sc.....I swear that's the only reason I'm going


"What piece of stand up comedy (10 minutes or less) has successfully made you cry with laughter?":  someone take embarassing photos of me and they are going around the city or what the hell is going on. I feel like a paranoid maniac.


 [iremlpa] (2007) Jonathon The Impaler Sharkey, p:satanic c:USA poin: 7


Lesbian porn looks all fake, it's hard to find nice one with actual lesbians and not one with sell out bitches. 


13  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


' Vets' Take To Barricades To Defend  Protesters  


 and social does have an effect on overall bottom line for many companies, including media, etc. (2/2)


Adding the most interactive tweeps and unfollowing inactives using Tweepi's geeky Twitter tools.  up!

The Bohemian Gothic Tarot pre-order offer will end in just over a week - on 22nd November.

At that...  gonna win a fucking gold medal in ice hockey in sochi i can smell it


How will Europeans respond to a pan-European, 'far-right, nationalist' front? See: Europeans United, in Hating Europe  stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Hellen Keller, could you help me cross the road.


my name is Maj, ...and this is the story of how I died:   fireworks:  don't think I missed much, judging from this pic.


Ho Ho Ho!!! We wish you all an amazing X-mas celebration! 


My Twitter value is equivalent to 13,150 paperclips, according to Twalue ... What about yours?    lol y'all want me to go find her and ask her if she can just come to dresden and meet y'all 


Kdg2 saya cakap benda lain lagi penting sbb saya nak awak sentiasa dgn saya :)


45  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   




Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, do things you enjoy, and remind yourself that you are loved.  let's acknowledged u with useless things to say.


     Yes definitely, it`s rising star in SM management programs :) I love it!


LADIES: Whoever told u that u had to b naked to b  a daughter of a 


Ada tuh ka di jessie J lagunya judulnya wild wakaka RT  Ga ada yang wild wild nih


Idk why mah sister being so kind belanja McD because I got the ''not bad'' result hahahahaha


The RappiDelta Jr. on Kickstarter is Affordable and a Snap to Build  


She's right but I'm not white! / I shut my eyes and act surprised / when I hear of corruption...   lets put the 1-5 scale to rest then and give likes instead.


 Because the joke isn't so funny when you're lossing money in it...


 *stays alone in the pillow fort* 
Anypony to take over with me?


11:34 OK1DIG/P (Daniel) on OK/US-026 (Kletecn, 706m, 6pt) 14.062 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=15 dB at OH6BG {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


     Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  natural inclination may be to prevent others from seeing ... More for Capricorn  long day in the office... Thanks to       se uloil(a) a nechce bt ruen(a)! 29. 12. 22:17 (Sleep as Android)


Thank you EVERYONE who sends us coupons! I was able to take 4 large flat rate unopened boxes, 1 small  was 10 days ago, but you can still download our new game Desert Chase for free!  miss you too! Yea we did, haha just came across our bubble bath pic the other day lol


Sometimes she is the reason of wrinkles on my forehead but anyway i totally am head over heels with her  she is my light.  


Lol y'all just don't understand how fucked up ima be likeeeee .


Talking to Radio France about living in a Fragmented Island  via 


You might not be feeling very confident today, but your situat... More for Scorpio  new follower and 4 unfollowers in the last day. I am never unaware, thanks to  to Keep Your Business Staffed During the Holidays  when u see youre 2 pugs sneaking in the new hobbit u tweet me! Tweet me a duck!


American diary 500 Can't connect to  (No suitable addresses found)


 be able to talk with them about it so I need to do some research +_+


Stockner bude usilovat o finlov stl EPT Prague  follow me on Soundcloud! By 500 Follower I will activate the download for that Superfreakz-Mashup!...  [lhoydwloo erscne :esstt aetk 1] (1999) Adam West, p:clip-show c:USA poin: 30


" I just wanna listen to Guwop and PeeWee Longway..." longway longway


Czech  has finally upgraded the Cokewe have finally  And its delicious! 


 [eht lcoicreod hut:ner icllnoios suecro] (2002) David Franklin, p:cia c:Australia poin: 38


Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on, and disrespected..


"If someone is gay and he searches for the lord and has good will, who am I to choose?" -Pope Francis.


 mag.  Kisses, words of the soul from her lips.  Da folge ich.


 surely haha, you settle down once you reach England and try to attend a Bayern game in Germany. :p


That bittersweet moment when you invent such a good joke that you immediately know for sure that you're not the first one to discover it.


  co kdyby ho dal ten co ma nejvic casovejch omezeni? Almade ;-)


has the truth field stopped working after the first conversation they had inside it or..? if I whisper into a crack in a want a TARDIS...


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.13C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 5.19C vre esse.


And again and again and again and again and again and again and again    


 Today I finally got my first shirt from the K POP Band Afterschool :D Here with my 2 drawings of Nana  I was on Christmas diet for last two weeks so... pizza is too much for me haha


 I don't really see it as a better solution :( also ginger hair looks super bad on me so I cannot cosplay whatever this is xD


 [orwyasdab' ilek htta] (1930) Ruth Etting c:USA poin: 20


 just got a juicy facelift and will be submitted to the App Store within a few hours. More to follow.



The 2013 is the first calendar year when tablets sales outnumbered PC sales - now we see how dramatic is the...  nakoupeny a trvalo to jen hodinu a pul... Letos to ani nebylo na posledni chvili, jeste mam den cas


 haha searching for a good light and camera for my upcoming videos :) how's you btw?


Wayyoo too " Beneran po?RT" Atiati lhooo " Eh tilangan itu beneran po operasinyaa?"


Without a cell phone and headphones anywhere moves! Every day I listen to One Direction!


 wish you a awesome merry Christmas. Click  for pics,    in Stock: ROBERT PEHRSSONS HUMBUCKER - Same: Amazing Swedish Hard Rock in vein of UFO, Thin Lizzy, Black V...  it's so depressing that I cannot retweet you ..


Been without a computer and Twitter from about 8 till now. And I survived! Don't know how but I made it   


 don't know whether to hate you our not... I'm getting there slowly!


It's Bieber Christmas!! Get  on itunes now and see the new  on Christmas Day!! Happy holidays


  Thanks for your folllow, interesting tweets in your feed!


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         265


 Jawaban benar: pahit-pahit manis,  17/323649 poin


Great review for  - 'Pleasant food, staff&amp;venue' -  Submission in The Chain Gang Of 1974 - "Sleepwalking" Remix Contest  via 


So, looks like the Sparta owner Daniel Ketnsk could also own  the biggest sports daily in the country.  's  platform has fast become an important platform for Zimbabwe's conversations


But don't get me wrong i totally enjoyed it and hope they'll come back when i will have learned all the lyrics :D


What Will 2014 Bring For Local Search? 6 Predictions  sorry for all of you freezing. It was 85 here. I was so hot.


 you think so? I'm not sure. I'm afraid that he didn't like me at all and thought that I was rather dull


9 hours until Dr. Hall meets my shitty comparison of two shitty directors 


  and The Copper Bottom Band  in Prague... Thank You, Mr Laurie   208: 04.  feat.  - Won't Let You Go ( Remix) 


100  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


I've harvested 180 of food!    


in the live version from earl's court 04 matt's voice is so strong and beautiful im gonna kms


   yeah, some time before it. hopefully xD


 oh well, maybe next time then... good night Kian and  love you both xxx


 please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 14


Lb se mi video   Alpha &amp; Wildstylez - Atrocious (HQ Preview)


TODAY: Aux n Morris-Day!!!

Tracks, REMIXE, Edits and Set's from Aux n Morris, Chris Aux and Tammy Morris 

The...  se mi video   Ellie Goulding - Anything Could Happen (Live from Interscope Introducing)


Flip flip flip. Backflip. Frontflip. Live to flip.
Love to flip.      


Fifty years ago, Bob Dylan performed "North Country Blues" at the Newport Folk Festival. Video:  Hehe, enjoy your coffee!! I had my pint of coffee 2 hours ago. Still makes me working well.


Good morning from a cold and crisp Prague. This blue sky shot comes via Thunovska street in Mala Strana near the...  Nothing can go wrong if everything is right, and everything is right somehow. Pooh"


Ztra bude v MIMIkiN Princ, Princ Las Vegas! Jen princezny asi nedoraz... 
   EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


Can u like my 55-85 answers and follow me? :))  done :3  Hey, let me tell you nasty things and then deny it and say you didn't understand what I said.

- said many men, often.


Education has been going for thousands of years. is ressurections of ancient past of education, - 


 if they have songs at all similiar to We Came As Romans


I finally did it! It's hard...but it's for my own good!


Calling all Moustache supporters - Donate today and help us flying the flag for    But Medics have those enormous nail guns! ;)


 isgn fo hte agpan tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: sign of the pagan


 Jawaban benar: born to the west,  16/320484 poin


 ylliw lwil tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: willy will


  tells us what is being released today at  -  and  Alarms announce the new product!


   she was also in gmunden with us :) so happy for her! :D


 We are a new team mate. you never played us in Ghosts.


 although he did have a martini to accompany it!!


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 Jawaban benar: and the winner is...,  20/337307 poin


the thing i hate about prague is that there's always less snow than in other cities


  same problem there, but seems to me, that support won't reply this year. Should I pay AGAIN for this month?


 I'm awful with snapchat! It's how I communicate with friends all over the world most! D.S.


  Hey, that looks great! I wish I could drive this road. I was at the Most circuit here in Czech Republic


International break, Me and  are in the beautiful amazing Prague and  and  are nowhere to be seen :( 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.13C, Marc 21.06C ac foris -1.69C vre esse.


But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you, Bless them that curse you, and pra  laugh so hard if the end of the world come today because they messed up calculations and by mistake they got last year...


If you guessed "Me strangling an astrologer", you are absolutely correct and win a cookie.


Instagram Direct, Twitter DMs, and the Social/Communications Map &gt;&gt;  samin sa PUP pag walang prof na pumasok nagrarally na eh


 I'm sorry for you cause they don't come to the Philippines :(


I added a video to a  playlist  Steam Autumn Sale: Daily Deals: November 27th 2013


The Charles Bridge and the Smetena Museum, Prague.  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jsaaasd


"10 Stupidest Things Americans Do Overseas" - not only Americans! :)  won 3 trophies in Borderlands 2 for 50  pts -  hot... waiting for my metal collar, somewhere on post...


 i seen atleast 50 plus a helicopter over here by my house.  Somebody stole a car from walmart n got caught in somebody yard


National Briefing | Rockies: Utah: Mormons Address Exclusion of Black Priests 


 Ale jo, byl to OP den, obzvlast pro tebe vid, snad jich bude vic :)  


I'm at Fitness Centrum Benatky (Benatky Nad Jizerou, Czech Rep.)  Autumn Sale: Flash Sales  December 1st:  via 


I've already have booked hotel and flights for  2014. why wait if I definitely don't want to miss this  family reunion! :-)


I never played A++ game with average graphic design.  is the game, however it is great game! If you dream about space, go for it!


Let's play Homeworld - "Supernova Station" (mission 10):  prostednictvm 


Know someone for this job? SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Photoset: lumos5001: *sobs* well be adding to this at Christmas  stats: 42 followers, 9 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  Remix is a great game, I already have more than 220 stars and just unlocked Golf  


Dneska hotov "King Kong" a "Diane" na as dle crossfit regul!! What a challenge..


ancient history + McGann. I'm having a double boner. 


Asthma and household chemicals:     


 yayy! :D finally you're about to see it too.. have fun! and don't cry too much hehe


Last minute kick-ass gifts for the  in your life who's got all the skills, but needs some guidance:  (via Beautiful Black Women With Curves and/or Thick - page 23 - Beautiful Black Women Pictures -...  [eht tarseng noamw] (1918) William Hutchinson, p:hypocrisy c:USA poin: 17


 perhaps an opportunity was lost by those who hate Zuma to show compassion as Mandela would have done. The hurt goes to d owners


Jason Statham Calls for Stunt-Actor Oscar Category  via 


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  No, Smak je technicky trochu nekde jinde :-D Ale toho z Draciho srdce zase mluvil Sean Connery :-D


   ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 27 others)  iton teh twse tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: into the west


Current  condition in Prague, Czech Republic: overcast (cloud coverage: 8/8)  


 Why is the movie called "Thor" anyway? LOKI makes the whole movie awesome! Thor just smashes things with his toy...


Another announcement! The analytics mobile application - Analytics on the go. Launching in just a few days! 


That is what X-mas are about, love it! "Christmas Flash Mob by Journey of Faith at South Bay Galleria - official...:  There's this alleged quote from Emperor Ferdinand of Austria wholooking at protesters in the 1848 revoultionasked Chancellor1/2


 -lies down- filling it is still no conversation


The  devs have launched their MP session. Server: Play with the Devs: Harbour Games - Password: dontGoEasyOnUs  just joined Shay Mitchell's Fan Rewards Program where I'll get the chance to earn cool prizes from ...  off to the concert... Snow and freezing outside. Perfect for a little road trip ;)


 [the nginmor aterf] (1974) Carolyn Ames, p:alcoholic c:USA poin: 17


After tonight ain't gotta worry about me no more frfr !


One friend said I should perhaps do two books on the imagination: one for thems that like it short and sweet, and one for the nerds like me.


Fuck, Nani still faces quite a lengthy injury layoff!


Drop weight, cut fat and stop fat production now with  stats: 26 followers, 14 unfollowers and followed 23 people via  for Howard Shore would be absolutely a dream come true... He makes  


Momo - Jebem Tvoje Love feat. Ektor prod. Maiky Beatz |OFFICIAL VIDEO|:  pes 


Me watching Beyonce's partition video for the 1st time. 
 :( That's it. Am going it the gym tomorrow.


NSA mla agenty v Second Life, World of Warcraft i na Xboxech. Skvl  Z Apps m zaujalo Animation Desk pro iPad  a Djay2 pro iPhone  cutest looking cupcakes I have ever baked! And the icing actuallly looks good for the 1st time!  near Charles Bridge  Malostransk mosteck ve | Lesser Town Bridge Towers  tried to change my attitude about  again, but seriously...this is drinkable with  or  at Ramada Prague City Centre (Praha, Czech Republic) [pic]:       haven't got yours so far Char... Have u got mine? x


" The Internet showed me a picture of a man branding the tip of his dick today." nice


Hatching Twitter: A True Story of Money, Power, Friendship, and Betrayal  


&gt;&gt;&gt; Tomorrow, Nov. 27, the second College Writing 2.1x- Study group meeting with Mara Livezey, Fulbright ETA  6:00pm &lt;&lt;&lt;


  hey - thank you &lt;333 to both of you! sorry I didn't reply anymore yesterday - I basically just hid from the world


No one's a weakling. There are just some people out there who are stronger.


   by my calculations, everton should be joint top by close of business, 1st jan!


66 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



Why so.....perfect " this is why i love fantaken pic more  I kind of never realized how tiny Xiumin looks omg so cute..  well it's kind of same with Kyungsoo :'3


Fesacik s pujcenou epici.           photography water drop photo wall art modern by MagicSky  via 


Don't u hate it when people think they know u? There's nothing worse u can do than act like u know me. Nobody knows me well enough.Fuck off.


 The really sad thing is, if he is a long-term alcoholic, he probably does drive (somewhat) better when drunk than when sober. :(


Anime completed: Arata naru Sekai: Mirai-hen (  ) 


i hate you, don't leave me Demi Lovato  


 just kibble, with egg to help stomach settle. We had a good walk so hopefully ok soon thanks


Saw a girl dipping today... There's nothing to be said about this other than she will always be disgusting


"Toyota: Make sure WiFi doesn't threaten car safety" -  morning HURTSfamily,from Prague 08-11-13 &lt;3       on your devices, as simple as 'git push'   my   It's  It suprises my  autowarning lights when hard braking. 


  Merry Xmas ...merry Christmas Shimmy. Hope you are having a good day.


Don't judge gods decisions ...Maby hard to understand now ..but god is boss !  


   Partly Cloudy today! With a high of 5C and a low of 1C.


even better. isolate yourself by breaking down the auditory system.  estou preparada psicologicamente para q o 1Dday acabe   


Mouton unveils de Rougemont-designed 2011 label: Mouton Rothschild has unveiled the label for its 2011 vintage...  memory of Jean Gabin who was born on May 17th, 1904 and died on November 15th, 1976.


This Thurs  is delivering holiday cheer! Request an  to your doorstep with the touch of a button:  you know all 65 alternatives to Yammer - social ntework for companies?  found on 


 This goes waay back to the last season, even in his best games he seems to let in at least one soft goal.


HappyBoxing Day    so nice to be followed by you :-)


 Too bad they kinda say its an "Upgrade for Wii"...


Guess, G-Star or Hilfiger REMIX (kebab do ruky Blavack Kokot 12 minut :D:  pes  nejlep remix ever


Photo: Exercise is the best medicine. Stay positive. Keep positive.       Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


Wed, 18 Dec 2013, let us all send Gillian Armstrong the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (63)


New Brochure    F2800       photos from  show via  
   


Breh' y'all just don't know how weak Tamisha be having me!!


how can something be a squid and a rocket at once?!   Play The Wolf among us E02 - Kopflos:  ber 


Cayenne Klein - Clubland:   Cayenne Klein is from Hungary and her ability to go from bookish geek to glamorous...  League round-up: Schalke send Basel into the Europa league  via 


Prve se uloil(a) a nechce bt ruen(a)! 29. 12. 1:23 (Sleep as Android)


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


 [t'is a ,eokj !ons] (1947) Kenny Delmar, p:dog c:USA poin: 17


God owes no one any explanations. God is God and he knows what he is doing.


Today: day2 of EPT Prague! Seated with Bodog Ari with chips in my neck but will be broken very soon so np. Let's do this! 


Confessions of an American Drone Operator  via 


mum interrupted my zoolanding coz she happened upon Brokeback Mountain on TV &amp; wants to know "which one is the dead one". 


Photo Max Raabe &amp; Palast Orchester by Carsten Bunar   can't help myself, but the new version of Schumacher accident still looks to me as an expensive and good PR.  


Task "Post Office" completed    


 LOL HAHAHAHA. that can be shocking and creepy at times


I just voted for Jennifer Aniston   Retweet to vote  pes 


This year I went and bought my grandmother a TV cuz she's been wanting one for her room.


Making It Last: Embracing, Not Resenting, Their Differences 


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


I'm at Filozofick fakulta -  (Praha, Czech Republic)  [nsocadsalu] (1984) Hilary Ryan, p:hardcore c:UK poin: 10


So, how much enjoyment would I get out of ALBW if I never finished LTTP?


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               126


Well, there still is a bed in my room but yeah... The space left is so minimal and only 4 sockets for all my technical stuff to plug in D:


 Two weekends? It'll be awesome! :D      would cry a river looking at that stat.


I'm not beautiful, but I'm a good person. 

I'm not flawless, but I'm honest. 

I'm not perfect, but I'm me.


We need less scaremongering in the climate debate. My interview with  on smart solutions to global warming  roboti, Bitcoin, 3D tisk, to je to o te hlavn pjde. Alespo Adreessen Horowitz si to mysli. - Forbes  I can't even enjoy my friends' life improvements. I just stare at the posts and get jealous...


 the link is not working. Saying that the video is private..


probably one of the craziest nights ever  


 Furt nic, furt nic a pak to pilo!  cc  


55  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


I just entered to  &amp; you can too: "Nexus 5 (16GB) White or Black". Enter the  here:  Top 3  Artists: One Direction (176), Tom Odell (59) &amp; White Lies (37)  love simple, honest user opinions way more than 100 page reviews. The great  talks about the Pebble  Jawaban benar: idiots are us,  13/345444 poin


Charlie and Gibson Bring Two Times the Frenchie Fun to Instagram  It's a cheap German supermarket chain. You don't really see them in the centre of Prague but there are lot in the suburbs.


Analyst Claims That Apple/Microsoft Merger Is "Absolutely Possible" Within Next Decade | Cult of Mac  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               395


 Oh, you got me! I'm a sucker for a good bookstore. Especially used books.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           514


  spoils a huge development in the show on Facebook w/o alert ...   from the top of the Olympic ski jump in Sochi, Russia"  Cassey Doreen &amp; Loona - Tell It To My Heart (Official HD)  [so htis si apirs] (1924) Jack Dempsey, p:sailor c:USA poin: 16


Vote for my photo to win the SHAPES challenge on Twenty20  via  Dky za ppadn hlasy :) !


During college studies, I was giving smile homeless man selling newspaper at the corner every day. Now I met him again - he remembers me :)


one year ago : Bonds switch signal end of cult of equity   except for the kittens running on the metal roof of the porch, which almost gave us couple of heart attacks already :)


 Jawaban benar: the blessing of prometheus,  26/357337 poin


My (new) Twitter value is $201.08, according to  ... What about yours?


 sweet dreams &amp;sleep tight :) maybe ure right, time will show


 well that is pretty awesome I have to say. I did have a flashback to 98 for a split second though, but loved it


3.6.2014 Justin Justin Timberlake live in Prague :) 


i feel like my face is gonna fall off. and my eyeballs hurt too... never gonna travel again in winter :(


 [etg ipngcak] (2003) Tracie Wright, p:suitcase c:USA poin: 11


It's 3:30am... and I'm wondering if I should hang my airgun on the wall in my bedroom. It would look a quite badass...


 fully deserved :) early Marry Christmas :) enjoy your holidays :)


Lisa Wohlgemuth (DSDS) in Berlin:  via   


So, the longest night has passed, the dark days will soon be over, and we're heading for Summer. I'm hating it already :( 


the writers of  just want to slap them!!!!!! less drama more action


We arrived at  it's really nice here :) looking forward to our presentation   added a video to a  playlist  Fabasoft Cloud Tutorial Video: Ausschreibungsmanagement


Com certeza vou sequestrar Elyse pra ela ir pro show do ret cmg.


Chatroulette 'Wrecking Ball' Prank Makes Miley Look Tame  out cycling 99.05 km with  See it here:  doctors  will not solve the NHS crisis: Dr Finlay lives. His casebook is to be reopened at a sur...  I suggest borderlands 2, steam is now paying for it. :-)   wkwkw mblo, say good bye to mantan!! (with Rena and  [pic]   flunky, four on the floor Fortified with the liqour store


 ow thats why... you see? I'm learning each day smth new. thats awesome! he/she whatever both are a star on twitter :)


Yesterday my new lenses for the iPhone arrived - playing a little bit with the Fisheye on the city if  7 hodin prescasu jeste prescas? Fuck no. V 1 z prace to je slusny. 


 [the eicvo fo teh ltrtue] (1947) Ernest Anderson, p:soldier c:USA poin: 23


WHY YOU ARE DUTCH?
"Your name is in the DJ Mag TOP 100!"

(Obyajne sem nepridvam obrzky z 9GAGu, lebo ten aj...  only thing scarier than LOLcatz are invisible LOLcatz.   pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


Nelson Mandela died the last thursday...he was a great symbol of the freedom...R.I.P
- "For to be free is not...    also, I dont wanna hand-check everything all the time. But what you gonna do :)


 hi jai. It'd mean the world to me when you follow me   35


 amazing :) I went to Berlin and Munich but wasn't this lucky :)))


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 30


A new favorite: Fulfilled &amp; Sonnenhaft  Rainbow (Original Mix)  [Mandelstam Music] by   on 


Applying Aristotelian principles to absurd plays is kind of hard. Humph, what to do now? After 6h my brain's just not so fast anymore.


about to do some houseworks. fuck, I hate them lol


 what character in a movie would you like to play???????  


Nasa Mars atmosphere mission ready for launch - BBC News  


 Don't underestimate my amazing taste in music.


More on Riikka Pelo winning Finlandia Prize today  collected 7,775 gold coins!    


 and yeah it is very hard for united, as they were in "death"group lol


...he was fucking dying for 20 minutes and was moany and smug. and I still got choked up. what's wrong with me??? 


 There is a better way how to get warm. It is sold in glass bottles. Just saying. :-]


 ty hele do ostravy na njakou Trance session asi nepojedu :D navc seznam DJ nic moc :D


 [rmauate yats,mgn on. 2] (1894), p:athlete c:USA poin: 22


Death in Blackpool killed me. (btw nice "ponce" reference)  


 Jawaban benar: the way we live now,  19/88200 poin


 mamaya nlng kaya busy ata si teacher sa panonood ng movie..    


in the immortal words of Malcolm Tucker: how does that even work? oh fuck no, I don't care!


Check out this awesome track: Hasta Abajo - Kellee Maize    


Yess,it's weekend!That means,that I can leave for work an hour later than usual;) 


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Korea - Firehouse'. Join me in combat!    


 It's a great list Colin and I'm sure my blog readers are going to love it! :)


   yet another generic listener of so called edm.


My Top 3  Artists: Fungus (14), Samsara Blues Experiment (13) &amp; Aqua Nebula Oscillator (11)   have a blank notebook right next to me still wondering if I should start a journal or not ._.


 know this won't return them&amp;u need 2 believe, but it's said that when small ones r dead,they've chance 2 born again really soon


It's her last day of holiday today - purow I get to rule when she's back at work ALL day.


i wish i could go to mexico right now and cuddle w polly i just :C


Social Media Predictions for 2014 by Socialbakers' CEO  via 


Vix 200 SMAVG at 14,37. Perma bear dream is deja vu April 2007


Come back at home   Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  is how I imagine damn winter! My wishes all came true. :)  Is there a newer (official?) statistic about the BB10 version usage than on  Gloves Mimic Human Touch, Making Winter More Bearable  post from Tumblr ( I just adore Jennifer.     [het sved'il hewro] (2008) Robyn Minnie, p:execution c:USA poin: 17


I just voted for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes  NO SHIPWARS please!


Cars Toon - ENGLISH - Mater's Tall Tales - Mater Toons - Lightning McQueen (Videogame - Gameplay)          phone     appears the server browser appears to be starting to resolve again properly. Users should begin seeing servers again, yay!


New day, new tweets, new stats. 2 followers, 1 unfollower. Via good old  and noodles, and especially beer     what's up? :-)"I'm good man. How are you? How is everything in DC?


 That's nice, thanks. I'll tell you too, if I get some news.


Allez les bdl !!! Hockey night in Prague lets go yoyo   si my lmap arde tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: is my palm read


Impromptu dinner after the xmas market failure. I'd wanted 2 stay here but they only sold the xmas week packag &amp; w...  version of Miner Wars 2081 got released on Steam today. Thanks Adrin Daz-Parreo


I liked a  video  Popular Song - Dancing With The Stars


 I need to tidy up My room, that are pawarz I never had &lt;3


B000 (buf nolplu..) | periodo is B800 16uma tempo 15:45ut   This. But just blame it on autocorrect, like everyone else does ;D


Expecting major demos and counterdemos in Ukraine this weekend. Follow  who is on the ground in Kyiv.


~  documents cases of logo theft and plagiarism:  /c  


 Haha (i know who you mean). Fuck des is jo sauschlimm!


 [hte dldeas esturb] (1932) Charles Quigley, p:rodeo c:USA poin: 17


Money quote RT  Is Navalny a threat to authorities? - If he was threatening authorities, he would not be allowed to run.


Going to watch FROZEN a DISNEY movie in the Cinema with mum


Why has Welbeck moved into the middle? Kagawa's shielding the ball with his back to the defenders in the hole is way too crucial.


Jumbo back on the bench. Clear evidence he's simply undestroyable. 


      fab news, can't wait to see it ! Such clever&amp;funny stuff x


 I can't get myself to watch the rest I should catch up seriously.. But I absolutely loved the anime.. haven't read the manga


Was out cycling 38.33 km with  See it here:  just liked "Uffalo Steez - Wassup (Official Music Video)" on Vimeo:  Holiday Fat? Theres an App for That.   (via 


I say reopen Rebel Barn and close the saddest JCPenney that's ever existed.


My new Mashup is also on the new DJ Y alias JY-Blog with other different 'Papaoutai'-Mashups! Check it out!  of Steel' Sequel Finally Finds Its Wonder Woman  the things we can't change end up changing us instead.  actuali do noe wat i want jus cnt seen to find it eniwer


Hopefully makasama sa Friday para ma-maximized naman yung pagpasok ko sa school.. :3


TOP20 2013  209: 16.  &amp;  pres.  - Folding Your Universe (Original) [TUNE OF THE YEAR]


 [scapeeh nda craem] (1981) Eddie Angler, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 17


Photo: The Eruption of Mt. Vesuvius byPierre-Jacques Volaire   Two banks, two cards, both not working :( Bought stuff today with both...


I am determined to have an Iphone 5s or 6. It's only in the mind.LOL


Soooo dissappointed!  Thought we were friends. And then...to hear: sorry, we're too many people for the new years eve party...sucks


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


  ha! Nedostatek Mr. Beana me nahradit jedin Mr. Potato a Mr. Rice :D 


Awesome!  RT  AllCast beta, like  for  goes live in the Play Store  harvested 172 of food!    


 THAT. EXACTLY. THAT. now i have to bother other people with it..


Thu, 28 Nov 2013, let us all send Martin Clunes the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (52)


 though Kenyan security claims 2 tight its control,Eritrean players r able 2 diaspear! what a shock news for wedi afeworki!


Directed  11/22/13 6:18 UTC too much clouds at first 'clear' sky after weeks :-(  sla o Spotify  * Spotify Year in Review 2013  I actually wanted to switch d with f but whatever


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


 i think we have to collect  and the Event will be a Winter Event Not only Christmas 


I've collected 14,964 gold coins!    


Photoset: nayariverafan: Only Santana could dance to Just The Way You Are like that and pull it off  soy  pero 3 de mis amigos en Twitter s   Jawaban benar: what the pythons did next...,  28/340210 poin


 eth tlbuero thiw rketel tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the trouble with terkel


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  was born qualified RT  O raa gore you qualify?! RT  Am so in there!!!!RT (cont)  (via  - C E Wiley Studios - Photographer - Baton Rouge, Louisiana, US)  Samsungu Galaxy S5: a jak by se lbil vm?  mobilmania.cz


37 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Pi sa mi ako uvauje. Twitter Founder Reveals Secret Formula for Getting Rich Online  I always liked blue color more, but this Deep Cherry Red looks great :))


16.05.2014 00:00 - 18.05.2014 00:00

Marvel the vintage cars on display and at a race in the eastern Bohemian...  in Stock: ALIEN FORCE - Pain And Pleasure: Heavy Metal from Denmark, 2003 Re-Release of the 1986 album wit...  song in a hour challenge ' when you make a song in a hour or less and when your alarm turns on you need to stop


I've collected 12,394 gold coins!    


  What???? You mean I cannot add emphasis by repeating exclamation or question marks????? Damn! :&gt;


Activists demand to strip NFL of nonprofit status
 Yeah, when you're over you can have my spare Dashie. I have two in my collection already.


27 Surreal Places To Visit Before You Die. Zdroj:    match between the Czech Republic and Canada will run on ctsport.cz *without* geoblocking so you can watch it all around the world.


I love sailing boat!          and alternative medicine:    Medicine 


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  friend:"you still believe you're kid?you're not! I mean how old are you? started collecting pension yet?"
Me:"no, still on my stipend"


 we have from time to time just extra small one, usually only seismographs catch it. Hope it wasn't devastating in Virginia.


 happy (belated) 2014!!! I forgot to write back yesterday. Hope u had a great day!!


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


Stefane: In Romania, we see many jobless people while others have 2 jobs or "retired" but still work. Not fair for young people 


Looking for a good overview of charting controls for Windows 8 WinRT. Know one?


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  se mi video   Singularity - Rift feat. Jenn Lucas (Kasbo Remix)


 Thx Laurie. Yes it is. Was busy with Christmas decoration yesterday. Wish you a great 1st Advent.  jsem do seznamu vide  video  Let's Play | Metro Last Light - "Hust" 


Another one       coverage here as police begin breaking up    hey :) we wrote on omegle, I'm this girl from germany ;)


 via  Tim plays piano, Tim   tells jokes, I laughed until I very nearly pissed my pants and choked


Photoset: duckodeath: I have no idea what Malcolm is even talking about and yet his eloquent favorite...  I didn't expect such a beautiful city in Poland.Break down your prejudices because it is certainly worth visiting here.


Visit Caf de Paris and warm yourself up with special hot drinks for cold winter days.

 round with just one shoe i'm half a heart without you


 i hoope so :-) so far i managed 1 concert per year :-)))) (2012 2 w queen) so i wanna continue :-)))))


N pravideln Instagram a dal Playboy Playmate z Hot Peppers :) 

  btw  , the Menu band is missing when on a mobile device   on tees is so 2010.     Jawaban benar: the myth of fingerprints,  24/9170 poin


 Jawaban benar: above the law,  13/9232 poin  1/4551 poin


 I will ...OMG I'm going to be a brace face In 13 days


Skvlej den se slawush95 ! xx Concert buddies strike again. :D Po Ellie ns ek JT, u aby to bylo!  They sold you a ticket for a day when it isn't going? Really? Or was it a random event.


TTG Czech Republic: Congratulation Mexico! ITB partner country of ITB Berlin 2014!...  far the best DJ ever. At least for me :) not only he is great but he is also original which is kinda rare


  Wish I had been able to get such a great photo of it when I was there. Stunning!


 101: A brief introduction to the freemium business model   


  friends are for losers let's vote it up  lorde


The clock will soon strike 12:00 here. Be strong. Be humble. And most of all, don't make a mess on your shoes. Happy New Year's.


one six two seven eight Two six three seven eight nine


follow for follow?      


  nampak tak kat situ permainan dia. indra tanya pasal ice cream. the next thing yknow he's offerin his omg


Marquei como visto Lost - 3x20 - The Man Behind The Curtain    - Mdia de 0.15 ep/dia


Tak tuhle spolecnost asi do portfolia nezaradim ... maloobchodni retezec Smart Mart Inc. ... burzovni ticker SMRT :)


Hahahaha u know this " kush_hush lol! Ikr! Very African"


 hii styles idk but i think you should follow me like a Christmas gift thank you i love you so much &lt;3


Today stats: One follower, 7 unfollowers and followed one person via  animalistic capitalism:  People freezing to death, hungry people living on streets. Fine tortury. What for? For profits (1/3)


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


11 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



6  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


  the future, people will be massively falling off piers every time when their navigation system stops working -  to the online  studio, I managed to get my workout in this morning before exploring    


 [h,o tawh a nthgi] (1935) Nina Boucicault, p:thief c:UK poin: 16


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


 Thanks for the RT. Did I already tell u that I am going to Bologna, Cento, Ferrara and Ravenna in June?


 I'm glad you feel better. Looking forward to hear your beautiful voice again! Get well soon!


 jajajaja no mames, me identifico un chingo con tus tweets wee XD


Brother  I feel you brother, I'm not at the stadium but I feel you. Amen and remain blessed sir, mostly, a Blessing.


Zdjcie: roseila: blushalia: eauiella: floral-hazza: r-osabella:  rosy blog, following back similar ...  great to read the reactions to Capaldieu. ;) 


 thnkxx. I'll do. this is a bollywood actress kajol.;-)


Yuk genk, line me line me : shaulasetianegara RT  Yuk ngumpul yuk, guys     :))


Gangnam Park: Linkin Park Songs Remixed With 'Gangnam Style'  House to Senate Dems: Your  sanctions bill makes war more likely  know you're still sleepy when you can't type the name of your fav band correctly


  I wouldn't comment on that. They still haunt me in my dreams.


crime reversal should be covered by insurance of that criminal male perpetrator anyway....  Republican War on Women intensifies. 
 (7/7)


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


  I'm kinda pissed. Not only that, also streams lags or turn itself off completely.


I had some weird religion witness here
I think in this religion you believe in zombies :0  moment when you try to hack your own code, because you're too lazy to rebuild one function from scratch.


How patriotic are you?  I used to be after the revolution for a while but now...eh  whats ur most fav song by Backstreet Boys? Mine's prolly Incomplete, well maybe I want it that way.actually I love them all !


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  URIAH HEEP  LP Demons and wizards  1974  Wizard


"  happy birthday Aadila!!" Thank you Liam! Love &amp; miss you :) x


 [eon 'glirs ofsnosncie] (1953) Anthony Jochim, p:robbery c:USA poin: 21


one cold January, almost 7 years ago, I bought &amp; read all three His Dark Materials books &amp; read them all in one breath instead of studying.


Fear Agent is a bit like Mars Attacks (esp. Vol. 3) but with strong focus on the main character and his demons, marriage, dealing with life.


" Meaningful progress will not come about through social media. Honest heart to heart convos offline are more productive." 


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 wzgdzw


from pictures iv seen . The girls locker room looks 100x cleaner than ours


plot twist: when teachers say we're going to watch a movie in class and it ends up not being a documentary


 do you wear classes now would be a good time to put them on the Boeremag planned alledgadely to blow madiba up google deon loots


Beautiful! Pure love. Father Photographs the Unique World of His Autistic Son  Enpundit  please follow my new friend  from Pakistan :)


Handmade Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


My little brother asked me how to save in Skylanders Swapforce 3DS, so I opened the digital manual. It's 30 pages of EULA. Childhood ends.


 LOUIS pls calm down! We love you and Eleonor sooooo much! It's not worth to give your attention to this fuckin bitches


9 hour shift and I'm not allowed to eat my salad on the bus. Wahhhhh


 [rdbwnteroo nug rhgsietf] (1943) Frank McCarroll, p:lottery c:USA poin: 23


 [molesacep esel] (2008) Vance Kelly, p:blues c:USA poin: 14


Lb se mi video   DJ Fresh VS Jay Fay Feat. Ms Dynamite - 'Dibby Dibby Sound' (Official Video)


I got to the mall and other stuff with friends but if I can just get on Amazon and find something fast and cheap, why not?! 


Zayn: vas happenin'?
Murderer: i will kill you.
Zayn: vas happenin' murderer? 
Murderer: i'm watching you.
Zayn: oh no! i look okay?



Survey: who's dating with Louis Tomlinson according to you?
Do you know what's weird? That Harry has got most of votes.


 [see ali gbin tenu] (2007) Catherine Chau, p:pta c:Hong Kong poin: 17


Conan Plays World Of Warcraft At BlizzCon 13   :D


I've collected 14,306 gold coins!    


  Just make Assault Android Cactus Premium and advertise it more than the base game (hi Battlefield).


  hey sirish i wish u &amp; ur family a great start into new year 2014. All the best 4 ur next projects. greeting from germany Fan:)


Hate Smennant. Hate people who believe in Smennant or Eleven/Ten.


In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm; in the real world, all rests on perseverance. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 


Brewsta's Burgers 2013, Prague - Czech Republic  via 


Handmade framed  Glass beads earrings.   


Up early on the bus headed to the airport again! Start getting your mind right  !! 


Best of 2013: "Why the debate on Object-Oriented vs Functional Programming is all about composition"  via 


 Jawaban benar: bordertown gun fighters,  23/3879 poin


48  The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


      Palais de Tokyo  Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


3 tweeps followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you  glad you like it :) i'm really good, thanks. partying a lot now haha


One afternoon, while waiting for   to finish a sentence, I had time to scan all the book titles in the room


Tilda Swinton in "Only Lovers Left Alive" im April auf Blu-ray Disc?  I. P. to the driver that died with Paul Walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.


My heart dropped I know it's not the real one but it still dropped   Dec 29th, 10PM and I am still working *cries*. I am also drinking mulled wine so the report might look interesting... ups


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


9 ways to grow your Twitter following (ethically)  pes 


These Are the Greatest Drum Machines Ever Made  fandom is rising from dust with screaming "it's tomorrow!"


 so shit, it's depressing man! Just hoping my flatmate has bought wine for me getting back!!


Still didn't have sex this year (with someone other than myself) start to think about to be a nun...


  I'm asking my german followers, sorry dude ;D


 sure, and I value your opinion. It was more of a response to 


Man ya boy got skills smh Boneless Curry Chicken Breast ...do I dare say haha    Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via   


Tired of Living on Land? Behold the Floating City  out this awesome site: AdlandPro sin -   


Jako odreagovani od 1/100 tanciku, lepim papirovy 1/270 TIE Fightery 


my first love broke my heart for the first time and i was like


 Would love this! Moved into my first home a month ago!


I &lt;3 road trips. 444mi till Brussels. Thanks to  for awesome bday gift!  Shell Tankstelle  [pors v.s sjeo] (2006) Robert Horry, p:football c:USA poin: 13


New week, new tweets, new stats. 31 followers, 12 unfollowers. Via good old  all. Are you signed up to the new mailing list? November newsletter is coming! Do it here:  - P


 Maybe next time :P I want to try going in CB too, to make it more interesting and enjoyable :P


Tbh zodiacs are shit if someone told me i'm a scorpio in sun i would've easily accepted that even though cancer is more fitting


BBC News - Uruguay becomes first nation to legalise marijuana trade  Bitcoin Price Means More Action on Facebook and Twitter  via 


Photo: When it rains it pours, this picture is my almighty Blue Book, it would be parallel to the Green...  official World Cup Balls, from 1930 to the just presented "Brazuca".  dog is just insane :D I was sleeping and she just jumped on me `cause she wanted a snack (didn`t get one) :D Now she`s ignoring me :D


 i thought this was an actual selfie for a second ~.~


 please follow  she love you so much !! You are her angel !!  


It's fun to buy games which aren't in sub 61 for Valve guys.


The most beautiful New Year tradition in Central Europe. Wiener Philharmoniker, danke und 


 Tom, I saw your video today and I think it's pretty amazing that you told it to your fans. We support you no matter what! ILY


 [asen enyrcno celso pu] (1997) Natasha Richardson, p:actor c:USA poin: 21


no se si deprimirme o deprimirme con half a heart bc sola


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


  I do too but then again I have a british accent


        designSUPERMARKET 2013  eht arnae tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the arena


Found a ska punk band on Spotify which i haven't heard in about 15 Years. Huge HUGE flashback


The (Beautiful) Physics of Adding Cream to Your Coffee via   Kind of! We are still struggling with the correct lighting settings on Sketchfab. Our busts look a bit washed out. Any ideas?


I've collected 30,475 gold coins!    


   looks like I'll be crowd surfing this weekend...See y'all soon!!!


Calon tidur gua:)   udahhh.2.5 jammm:)berbahagialah.eh tp bagus sih lumayan


Happy New Year 2014! Good health, love and pleasure of dance!


 Ha! I bet she's already sung a couple of karaoke duets by now :D


i really dont know what i did with my hand=(( but here is someting for better mood=))) i love cooking and baking=)  Execution of innocent Kurds in Iran, their only crime is being Kurds


Dollhouse - Sweet Dreams:  via  AWEOSME DOLLHOUSE VIDEO WITH AWESOME 


Trochu jsem si s tm pohrl...            to je vostry ty oe  Print ad for a new McDonald's restaurant    No paranoia. The arrogance is in your statement that "Tutu is welcome to" attend. 


Exclusive Shizzle! RT  Phil Harmony  Demo Rebel ( Mixtape Madness Day 8)  


sums up boris   Ministry of Sound, dodgy property developers, Boris and one big mess for local residents:  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               290


Who ever wouldn't like to work for  in the "best places to work"? Well, I don't actually -- I already am.  the talent of the amazing  could motivate me through a cold 8 mile run this morning. 


Muse Singer Matt Bellamy: Live DVD Completes an 'Upside-Down Journey'  via 


I could easily keep fucking hoes but stds aint no joke and these hoes be fucked up


I should buy more pudding... ;)    
     because they only pay if u fill the form that is online :-)


 Phone overtaking  now in 20 countries, including Italy. --  I know exactly what you mean -.- I hope (for you and me) it gets better soon!


I just voted for Queen Latifah   Retweet to vote  via 


 Also, the grenade is thrown at her, so they would both die. 


tonite   by Martin evk Duo   &amp; 20kc beer til 8:30 &amp; 10 shots of jager for 300kc all nite. 


 Hi my fav lady! We were moving today with my husband. That's why I was busy. But I'll be here more often now again.


 still waiting for my response from my tweet and email


Seriously, I think my good/positive mood just suicided yesterday and never coming back.. 


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               91


 [oulsiogirn lmrsbeub] (2009) Dave Becker, p:hitler c:USA poin: 19


Evolution of Get Lucky [Daft Punk Chronologic cover by PV NOVA]:  pes 


  you're so pretty and gorgeous i'm so insecure


On page 115 of 328 of The Marriage Trap, by Jennifer Probst: Tohle se te snad samo :)  creaking goodness for  y'all! Idk what I'd do without her!


You know what? Go on and   on receiving the Medal of Freedom from  yourself!  [ritosicyu] (2005) Ubaldo Medina, p:igem c:USA poin: 9


 Jawaban benar: the day robert deniro met james caan,  36/4727 poin


NASA's moon/Earth laser communications demo:  basics of how it works -  Lab        [taehd stoh] (1973) David Bushman, p:drugs c:USA poin: 10


        stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  showed by  at  should see  who organise 


Finally managed christmas shopping! Shadows of woepet and evezei at Loisium   Applications: Finnish E Shop Customer Support  Prague in Prague, Czech Republic  


 cnnay rdew -- etcevtied tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: nancy drew -- detective


 ,  . (at  for Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds w/ 18 others)  this year's  talks so I can compare them to ones I'll see at   in a few days


PLEASE FOLLOW ME        x83


&gt;Opens work mail
&gt;84 unread
&gt;Closes work mail and goes back to pony


  aaaai continue dando audincia The Walking Dead  


" Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously."


Photo: fitness-motivation-world: Get rid of that muffin-top! Here are 15 ways to kiss that muffin top...  am definitely downloading the fashion show. My girls are special    


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                            167


135,000 Stand Strong Against Woman Posting Photos of Hunted Prey        love ka namin teacher


 Jawaban benar: felix the cat,  13/357819 poin  1/5561 poin


PL will provide a social network around products (identified by bar code) + API of product infos, vote for the logo:  o Zaman su an  ki spor toto bank Asya olur kafani yorma


My week on twitter: 7 New Followers, 63 Mentions, 45.5K Mention Reach, 188 Replies, 28 Retweets. via  the pub last night in preparation for an early morning of farmers markets and day trips. (How mature I am)


   Mostly Cloudy today! With a high of 6C and a low of 1C.


 [sohikclod] (2001) Tim Halpin, p:cult c:USA poin: 9


thank you guys for coming! :) Here is some video from my unobtrusive opening party..:)  


" Just decided: I need to see London from the top of the shard!!! " Great decision! :)


Top 7 Tips for Getting More Comments on Facebook   


Yummy health breakfast!!!             fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.25C, Marc 21.56C ac foris 0.31C vre esse.


Israeli ministers demand end to US spying, but Netanyahu lets revelations 'pass quietly'
 Work Doesn't Happen at Work + suggestions for how to cut down on office interruptions by Jason Fried  


I am undecided -- you're bombarded with questions for red or white


myCarDesign in Assetto Corsa: BMW M3 GT2 - AC FRT (Showroom: Greenfield):  ber 


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


Wish you all the best for 2014, may our dreams become true!  with  for world cup champion !!!!


aww so sehun was closing his eyes during troublemaker's perf and his hyungs kept teasing him ;;  zero-days-clean: Follow me, talk to me. I know what youre going through, and I want to be here for...  up your trouser on 18.12. in honor of Vclav Havel.   
  thank you so much TT It lasts for few weeks already so idk when I'll get my inspiration back TT what kind of tshirt would catch


I've had the most horrid stomach ache for hours now and it's starting to bug the hell out of me.


  boldly wears a selection of ties, or even more boldly, goes without one! How can we take him seriously?


Monday, 13. Jan 2014 * NIGHTS AWAKE Remixes EP1 * Beatport exclusive * Euphonic Records  at Lions Club Vienna is the beginning of Advent time. ( Lions Club Punsch Treff) [pic]:  Jawaban benar: the crying game,  15/446 poin


 Sayin irin Payzin kesinlikle seim baraj % 32 - 35 oy % 50 -53 olarak yansimakta.


"Came home in time before my mom gave away my childhood"  should start using twitter again - ypu guys have me and my stupid tweets back :D


     morning :-))) hes soooo cute i have no words :-) hope hell find his man


{ beautiful winter }           What humanity I need to have to be Hero rank 1 ( to use hero bag ) ?


Now here's the problem. I can't ride a bicycle. We might have a problem here. Am just saying :D


Just connected on FB with   (are you on Facebook as well?)  cc  


ballin w/   &amp;&amp; dejvid__ at  .      M1 Lounge  Official DJ Mzenga Man 2013 Cypher- 
Stevo, Smaq, Tommy D, Telliq, Krytic, S.B, Bobby East &amp; Slapdee....  go lovatics, make this for Demi!! Heart Attack  


Jgnkan yg 2, yang ke 15 aja udh!!! *ehh"  udah nonton insidious chapter 2 ?"


Is learning Chinese REALLY as hard as people make it out to be?      


Oh, found my  cover! Quite funny, but so suitable!


  Does it go both ways? The coffee lover's guide to wine... :D


  I just hear "First World Problems, First World Problems, First World Problems, First World Problems, ..."


UFC is coming to Singa City? Spore hv done better in terms of sports hosting. Fortunately,we'll hv Red Bull Air Race which they dont hv


[product] - Shallow Graves .. new album !!!
inkl. Acylum remix !!! :)

check this:...  yg bilang first Snow is so romantics... i agree 


people getting negatively worked up over something that not need be a controversy is pissing me off.


 it sucks when you have to share the locker though. It's always for two people and ugh I hate (cont)  if the YouTube Dislike button is not for Disliking but saying "Dis I Like"?


I feel like I would die trying to endure a Chicago winter again. Crazy.


 yep. I'm with you. I never *hated*any of it but felt underwhelmed. &amp; I too enjoyed stand alone eps. I hope they'll be in S8 too


 [yurb beul] (2007) Josiane Balasko, p:pigeon c:UK poin: 9


The final MP session with the  devs just ended. Thanks everyone for participating/watching!


GIF: 
WOW! Gold Canadian cowboy  and camel humps in Val Gardena  . Nice rodeo o)
 I thought that. I will try something. Would love to make a custom mesh, which vertices could be animated by animator.


 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I just ran into him again and all we say is "hi"- how pathetic is that? :( that trailer makes everything better though &lt;3


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Interview with Vision Impossible the VJs for Transmission presented by Gambrinus Excelent

Interview:...  14 Nov 2013, let us all send Michala Banas the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (35)


Bout to vibe to straight nc artist for the next few hours


Favorited "Chris Aux (Aux n Morris) - Psychedelic Circus (DJ Set 25.12.2013)"  by Chris Aux (Aux N Morris)


Ironically the Coon Friends episode of south park is on. The irony.


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Good morning from Germany       


And the winter semester is over except for the exam period lol 


 actually it's the same with me :D i always somehow hope that maybe my fave character won't die this time around  


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


  It wll be more orange when there will actually be something.


 GG for GG but like all EU fans knows doesnt really matter with this stupid system and counting Lemondogs as representant team


Chocolate chip and strawberry!      A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


Watch a pile of Lego bricks transform into an original Macintosh  Jawaban benar: dr. karmila,  11/366788 poin  1/7789 poin


 Just downloaded "Avicii - Levels (Dropwizz Twerk B" by   -  (via 


Po Casillasovi hodil jeden fanouek zmuchlan noviny a Casillas je ... chytil :-)...  [anowm fo teh ntohr rocutny] (1952) Andy Brennan, p:mining c:USA poin: 26


Guess no one wants to play in this tournament as well :/


Far-right extremists march through Prague centre: Prague - A march of about 200 far-right extremists wal...  


Today stats: 3 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed one person via  I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   50


I liked a  video  Online Dialogue with European bloggers and VP Viviane Reding


Vlak Regionova u obce Blanice:  prostednictvm 


someone kill me. im not even getting ready for pbs or pbsmr


 [ad alo ia mie il] (2004) Hiro Hayama c:Hong Kong poin: 16


Two Viral Videos Push Against Stereotypical Messages Girls Get From the Media (Mildly NSFW)  hey stranger! How are you? We missed you here!


     A "just for fun" project which took me holy 6 hours lol


1. Chase &amp; West - Nearly Blind (Original Mix) [Nexgen Sounds Records]
Buy:...  do not tell me this time is different:The Wolf of Wall Street(29),Wall Street (87),Boiler Room (00),Money never sleeps(10) (cont).


Getting ready for  Kids are really excited!    great!!


My workplace next to  in new  office Brno.  filter         [het pceiol obx] (2006) Kirsty Lam, p:policeman c:Hong Kong poin: 14


Richard Branson: Buy your space flight with bitcoin  I want Tour Dates 2014  Please announce soon  


News: A DAY TO REMEMBER - Video zum Song Right Back At It Again online :  wouldnt. If got kmw, he won't wear that top and appear there. LOL


Partnerprogramm: Christmas Quiz incent (Lead 4077) - 0,55 EUR / Lead  Leuten Recht getan ist eine Kunst die Niemand kann - Done to all the right people is an art that no one can



Are you interested in  Join our debate to learn how it can be used for financing   now...
Prv te...
          Brains: What the brain is teaching us about computing  - IBM Academy of Technology


Favorited "Lee Anthony Norris - Headphone Commute Mix"  by 


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


If anybody can ruin a great conversation its my boyfriend.


Crumbs in the studio, I'm eating in the fuckin the booth!


 [eht ksam] (1918) Harry Holden, p:society c:USA poin: 8


Oh, Blinky also made video from part of yesterday's stream. Warning, the games are weird.  have a nice wound from my shoes when we were ice-skating yesterday.


 - If I Had a British Accent, I'd Never Shut Up  moment, when your own product solves your problem! Created manual for clients  site in under 3 minutes  FTW! :)


Casopisy Play se nove jmenuji Kiosek Play. Pomala ctecka RSS bez tech casopisu. Jeste ze uz s Androidem koncim, byl bych jen nasranej...


 he been a heavy ass crackhead for at least a year


mininome - Magic Moon At Morning (Pasta Tasty Sound Remix) cut  Oh my!hmm but christmas is comming and ....and....so hard to choose...


 vm vem peje Vesel    by       no idea! Brunette and blonde... But i didnt hear them speaking... Anyway, ashtonished...


Dear  No I am not in Germany!!! Eurorope is quite big ya know 


Tapi sepak free kick ada arrow itu tak boleh blah!.haha macam fifa dulu2 ja


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x20


The Real Cost of PS4 and Other News You Need to Know  one million of visitors during  on currys,co.uk. High-traffic platform using  and 


Drinking a Svtl Lek (Traditional Czech Lager) by Bernard Family Brewery  Pod Kavalrkou   next time i wanna hit your dick so u have a pussy


Oh hey, Valve loves our game again! Alden's review of ETS2 is there &lt;3  time for X-mas walk through a city? Join us to OLD PRAGUE 1920* Along with other most watched 19 films for free!  Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations and to reserve the unjust unto the day judgment to be punished.


Best explanation about CoreData performance Ive found.         you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


CBCH || Shaquille O'Neal [prod. by DONIE DARKO] || R.A.P. Mixtape || YYY...:  pes 


I have completed the quest 'Find 5 stone tablets.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Lb se mi video   Lily Allen - Hard Out Here (Official Video)


Job opportunity: Solution Sales Professional  Business P at Microsoft - Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic   Lalaha? Anong trip mo Engr. Bernal? Wahahaha! =))))))) :))))))))


25   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


I wanted to go to sleep so I just played some random tgs podcast to fall asleep to and now it's two hrs later, welp


 If I understand that right then you save time only in your head. Isnt saving time the whole point?


Czech press survey - January 7: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman is not in the best part of the game...  


 Ameriss is having a birthday party on friday here


This is            First friday f da year n m indoors..ke fetwa ke di special ...special tsa eng?


Lb se mi video   1991 - 1992 Old Skool Rave Mix (Mickey B)


3  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


Some days I can't stop thinking about you, and other days I wonder why I'm wasting my time.


Start playing Big Business Deluxe for Android       No, it's gotta be something pseudo-uncool from the 80s, like a Gary Coleman Museum / Irish breakdancing school.


 takut dikejar oleh jejaka jejaka kacak actually . hmm i don't know. tak check pula tadi . nak shopping eh eh ? hahha


48  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Photo: Boys, Boys everywhere! The orgy is on now at      and  markets expected to explode -  via  


Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers and followed one person via  love someone completely, you must love them for who they are; not what they look like.


 Awwwww... that looks cute! :3 you cannot shed the hair!


 Jawaban benar: guy's guide to zombies,  22/21071 poin  1/52488 poin


. Thank you for making Chemistry a single! It's one of your best songs. And great video!


  Have a good flight, see you guys here, say hello to our friend 


Nando: Each citizen has to build in his/her mind the model of the lifestyle and tell the politicians to make it work! 


 you go at  the Justin Bieber concert in australia


...something like "That's definitely the smarter choice.", ESPECIALLY if they themselves smoke or drink? Are they serious?


No.8  2013 advent calendar - Republic Gunship  Yeah, I wasn't sure why Kolar's wasn't given. Thought perhaps he controlled it with his hand before putting it in the net?


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Business Insider
STOCKS GO NOWHERE, TWITTER TANKS: Here's What You Need To Know (DIA, SPY, SPX, QQQ, TWTR)
 a 4 hour test on analyzing a scene of a drama or a poem sounds like fun.


Just got a boner in anticipation of going to hooters 


 Nigel Marsh: How to make work-life balance work. His recommendation is simple, just have sex five times a day.  


Stahla jsem si Google Earth a chodim po Washingtonu. Myslim, ze k Verizon Center uz trefim i poslepu.


Jund an amazing new track: Akra - Pure on Rebirth
   Blog about Downloads, Freeware, Counter strike, Earn Money, Games, Online Gaming, MMORPG, RPG, MMO.


 [nalvubfrieog] (1989) Peter North, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 12


Like something's going on with her heart and I can't stop crying.


 thanks, hope you're enjoying your Sunday too. Good luck!


Sat, 21 Dec 2013, let us all send Samuel L. Jackson the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (65)


  Challenging  For Social Sharing Dominance.    | RT  


Whenever life throws me a curve ball, I can always count on my friends and family to be there for me. I'm one lucky girl.


You gotta be willing to face, every fear! Climb, every mountain! Defy, every odd!


Updated. Digital paintings from 2013, all together:  via 


 *LOL* If you continue slating your Mother, you can probably expect a call from St. Albans soon ... *giggles*


Next destination would be Vienna in Austria, to be continued in February!


 |   the  effects that  has on your   framed  Glass star necklace   


 [wornb fo rrhvada] (1911) Lillian Leighton, p:harvard c:USA poin: 16


  Agree. Tight one between Ribery and Cr7, i give my vote to Franck.


Odeslal jsem 56 fotek na Facebook do alba Novinky na poboce CP-Palladium...  to the 230 participants of the London event for Horizon 2020. We know that submission for Galileo...  memory of Imogene Coca who was born on November 18th, 1908 and died on June 2nd, 2001.


How to deal w/ Twitter trolls: 30 Reasons Why James Blunt Won At Twitter In 2013 | The Poke:  via 


  hahaha still got mad love for you! you actually just make my days


one moment stop being sad Hear blessings dropping their blossoms around you Rum


 [rktcceraa] (1933) Frank Coghlan Jr., p:bookmaker c:USA poin: 9


 tss it was hella easy though :p what did u get wrong?


Real racers also enjoy powder: Philipp Schrghofer and our team looking for the "Birds Of Prey"  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               42


 Jawaban benar: lost in space,  13/316687 poin  1/31 poin


The Magic of Making Disney's Snow Look Real in 'Frozen'  really why can I not just stay in the heat instead of going out in the cold when I'm already sick 


 If you like that, you're gunna love this.  Mozambique airline captain "intentionally" crashed aircraft killing 33 on board   via 


Germany with the cousins. So nice to see them after 14 years. Wish you where here      it'd her baby boy who has the taste. She doesn't even know it yet. It'll be a present tomorrow ;-)


  that's OK. I guess that's just me. but it's been bugging me for a while now. XD


" Six Windows Phone Red Stripe Deals ring in the New Year  Je tam i velmi vychvalovan Chronos Calendar.


RandomHouse, as well as a series of shofilms called Life Inc Dispatche


Living in the world filled up with glitter and gold A nigga could get caught up if he ain't knowing his soul


"I live in 2pm buble" "idfc w what people said" *in repeat when read haterz comment*


Younger Bear: I'm an important person now. I have a wife, and four horses.
Little Big Man: I have a horse... and four wives.


Coming soon          collected 27,211 gold coins!    


Wow watching a tow truck tow a tow try down a winding country hill. Tough job. 


Lb se mi video   WestJet Christmas Miracle: real-time giving


I've collected 26,512 gold coins!    


Im declaring it: NO more shopping till xmas....  


 It was a dream to b there! I loved the amphitheatres, museums, historic towns, the sea - so much fascinating history!


 A number of people doesnt understand notional agreement.  im listening to tom odell all day maybe im not  In love with Dibby Dibby Sound, what an awesome track. You're never gonna disappoint me. Pure talent x


 Yah, I read it over and over, tried to figure It out, but perhaps its not for the naked eye to c, but your emotions to see....


Happy birthday Ze Ping!! Enjoy the special birthday video! 


            wall inside the  museum. Designed by    Butler~ The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.


Girls who do nothing but talk about other girls or their relationship, are just that, girls.  


Today stats: 5 followers, One unfollower and followed 5 people via  crush ko lang siya.. Stick to one lang ako. Eheh. :))


Escape the Vicious Cycle of Client Feedback: Take a Picture  via 


If a girl writes 'from' on her Christmas card to you, you've been friend-zoned  


GOOD NEWS FOR PRAGUE CONGRESS TOURISM - Kongres Magazine  Central and South East Europe...  Just downloaded "JoeySuki &amp; Kill The Buzz - Life I" by   -  (via 


 damn.. at least i'm going to pretend my name is diana


I'm having a lazier day tomorrow, so I hope I will be more entertaining here ;)


  So glad, you two are the best voices in the UK!


 [eerb dan tzeerslp] (1933) Curly Howard, p:dancing c:USA poin: 17


The Transmission Transmix presented by Gambrinus Excelent and made by The Thrillseekers!   Artists: Two Steps from Hell (14), Nick Phoenix, Two Steps from Hell (13) &amp; Christmas Songs (5)  week on twitter: 6 new followers, 5 new unfollowers and followed 7 people via  Hermann Reuland - Back From The Scratch    


 yeah I now know that. for some reason thought it was a new thing in New Who. that must have been a great moment,poor 7th Doc!


What color do you wear most frequently?  yellow  Just Announced: Simbach Am Inn, Germany - Dec 25 at aaachterbahn  That female caller slating the amb. worker: she was referring to allowing people to get drunk and have  Christmas Everyone! 
We are closed today 24.12. 
Open 25.12. 
Closed 26.12. 
Back in business the 27th 
Enjoy the Holidays!


For those that want to  &amp; help me out, here's the direct link to  -  The needs are a plenty! 


Wake Up and Smell the Java: An Indonesian Coffee Primer via   


  Yes I did. The best Activia commercials ever! Reba looks amazing as always. And your icon and header are way to cute!


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


Its just a matter of time until we come to sustainable energy production. Maybe heres a good read about this topic:  endlich ist auch Sadnecessary auf Spofitfy!  Milky Chance  


Twitter for Android uninstalled. What the hell were they thinking?


*watching* The Men Who Killed Kennedy - Part 8 - The Love Affair (2003):  Lawmakers, a Gold-Plated Insurance Exchange 


 how long do you need from London to the venue? 2hours?


I wish to all of you a happy new year and a lot of luck and love in 2014 :))   


Never mistake silence for ignorance, calmness for acceptance or kindness for weakness


dongak.e yo :)  Amintaba RT  semoga everton terserang wabah diare sebelum pertandingan. 


 Jawaban benar: si kabayan mencari jodoh,  24/374539 poin


Must see!! draw an autocad floor plan for $5 on   told me "break free from the past" but how to break free from the past, when the past haunts you every day at every step


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 98


Everly Brothers pro mne zakladka ty oe RT  .  salute Phil Everly RIP


It's the Gala evening and moments like this which make  special, standing out among the other European cons.  24 Hours = 1 Followers and 3 Unfollowers get your stats at  You say that just because we practicaly dont talk to each other. :) And I am glad your panic was gratuitous. *pats*


Fred Armisen Saves Day as 'Ambiance Man' in Superhero-ish Web Series  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               212


. SoonTM. Come watch me  or   fail horribly at this game.


 no. He is from MU as Ferdinand against Torres last year. Players from MU have not to sent off.


 Uhm... Could you tell me what you mean with Center? :v


 My most interesting thing I learned was  is not evil ^^


In memory of Alberto Lattuada who was born on November 13th, 1914 and died on July 3rd, 2005.


In memory of Avery Schreiber who was born on April 9th, 1935 and died on January 7th, 2002.


Nejoblbenj skotskou knihou se v anket, kterou organizoval Scottish Book Trust, stal Trainspotting Irwina Welshe  week:3 days of training ahead    Love my clients, love my work, love supporting my profession:)


Hostem poadu Hovory bude reisr,  dramatik a  Arnot Goldflam.


Thanks for the comments!!  I repeated as the best expat blogger in Czechland.  

  on  and it's all  's fault!!  I am a wine person!


If you think it's necessary to judge me by my past, don't get mad when I put you there


I've collected 171 gold coins!    


Great review for  - 'All 5 courses were excellent and had very original taste. So...' -  found this Christmas Glee episode somehow very offensive.


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Well, reached the 250 posts on tumblr and tumblr thinks this is worth a post. No?!


Good morning, Prague! :)  08:00, noon 12:07,  16:14 CET (UTC+1), January 4. Day length: 8h 14m.


 Pranking Dorm Room 220 sambungan Pranking The Boy Next Doir. Maid For Hire.. Bad Boy Cupid and Me. The Deal with Mr.player.


  and then went to sleep. I'll reply to emails and things in the afternoon though, promise! And this tiime for real! &lt;3


Hyv Suomi! FINAAAALI! Beat some swedish ass in the final tomorrow! Go for the gold guys, you deserve it!   


 [eth fcterep rretgans] (1991) Joey Silvera, p:stranger c:USA poin: 20


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Sinter plants with a capacity of 4.5 Million tons/a annually discharge 800.000 megawatt hours of thermal energy. 


lately ive been enjoying shows on parenting, like  or  it can only mean one thing&gt; im getting old!


One Direction  Best Song Ever  Directioners  


Honest Criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an aquaintance, or a stranger. -Franklin P Jones


New day, new tweets, new stats. 2 followers, 2 unfollowers. Via good old  reipcn dna eth ovtorniuel e!ivl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: prince and the revolution live!


         Czarna gora  invested in  (e)DESDAUGHTER on the Empire Avenue Social Market  


Who's giving me anything for christmas? Ok no, just kidding I need distraction


Since Mum loves to give everyone gifts, very traditionally at Xmas, i have placed my wish: a Synology DS213J NAS


Just got this limited  sticker. Get yours now   


I have unlocked a new battleground  'Arizona - Observatory'. Join me in combat!    


Acoustic Version of Hate this and I'll Love you... The best thing ever...



3:30am and we're getting ready to leave Prague. Sigh! (at   - The Right One -   ft Collie Buddz .......one of my songs at the moment


  Who's the sexy person with Ushanka tho? 


Digging in your heels and maintaining your current emotional p... More for Taurus  [eawrtk] (1994) Eugene Clark, p:futuristic c:USA poin: 6


my mum is getting so excited bc midnight memories. sometimes i dont even know who's the teenage girl right here


more and more people believe mkt cannot go down owing to FED PUT, ITS REAL QE BUBBLE IN INVESTOR'S MIND


Just saw the alternate ending for  and I couldn't help but smile so hard and geek out. Omg!


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via   what's with those "argentinian" mixes? I know you're from the Islands but I still don't get it tho. Irony?


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 117 - "Tau Ceti":  prostednictvm 


Applause to  He did an incredible Job with  Catching Fire.


Can't believe it all gets started in a week!  


Seth Casteel  autor nejlpe prodvan fotografick knihy Underwater Dogs
     MT   on the tyranny of retailers "Lululemon: 'some women's bodies just don't actually work' "  tribunden dusmusum, kime sarilacam? diyip fernandess kosan adam.. abi yok boyle bir aptallik


Wow, just $45k left until 1M and five days to go. I have a feeling we can actually do this, that's amazing! 


A Tricky Airline Merger, but With Labors Blessing 


Spongebob: "Are you ready to go crazy?!" Patrick: "I'm already hearing voices!"


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs!   e


 beautitul song for good thing :)  we love you, your music brings feelings of hapiness :)


Differences Between US and International SEO: Interview With Andre Alpar | Search Engine Journal  C is for weenies, Drop Double-D is for the real cool kids


Have you heard The Rebirth Of Confusion by My Name Is Ann Brooks on       well this is starting to sound like a plan in the making...


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


They have to WIN this!! Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


How Famous Rock Stars Would Look Today If They Were Still Alive  Enpundit  via 


 it's unable to send because meteor isn't following me


 40 liters of ananas and rum - one of many pots to consume today at traditional Ananas Rum Party ;)    Hi!  made similar tests w/ ElasticSearch and  employ HP Vertica. I'll send it soon


UPDATE 3-Saab wins Brazil jet deal after NSA spying sours Boeing bid  via 


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x38


 Well,  if you have to ask then you must have been ... *hee hee* *runs*


Jawab jujur mbon RT  Iyoh kah  ?RT  Cumi Itu..Kenyal Kenyal Nikmatttt...  via


Sun, 17 Nov 2013, let us all send Leslie Bibb the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (39)


Multitouch Table Red Bull  Client : Red Bull Media House Agency: Looom  mah siap2 aja :| UN'nya yang gak siap wkwk " Wah saya sudah siap lulus nih :p " Siap UN banget 


  ;) i want recipe for your chickpeas muffins!


      same from me to all of you.


Heading to my first  class since before christmas 


What's on your list of things to do before you die?


Orthodox activists hijack controversial theater play for blasphemy
 chachi ..please :/ make my christmas better :) follow me please! :( &lt;33 love you &lt;33


You can feel the growing intensity and it's smart to tie up as... More for Libra  stats: 3 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via   yES THEY ARE PERFECT TOGETHER BUT I STILL DONT LIKE THEM!!! But chair(?) is the best


"Everyone thinks I'm gay because I'm relaxed and myself in front of everyone" a novel by me


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


"  HEY BBY, I'M SO HAPPY :) I GOTTA GO IN SOME SUBJECTS ... WHATEV, PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU SO SO SO MUCH "


Polar Vortex, Arctic Cold to Rock Much of U.S. on Monday  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.0C, Marc 21.25C ac foris 0.25C vre esse.


 yeah u have the "US" model :-) i think its same but really not sure :-)


I wish you all Happy Holidays! May you enjoy it the best you can. Lots of love, health and happiness.
-Martina    Give thanks for the Support !!! Pepperseed to di WORLD !!!! A Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 


Los  anmachen und  European Outdoor Film Tour geben.     


 [nu rios ed leivnrlo] (1933) Marcel Carpentier, p:frenchman c:USA poin: 21


The temperatures are finally dropping... What a great reason to stay by the fireplace and relax :-)  key night nursing epic hangover, hit me up if you're in Prague and what to do some toursity stuff tomorrow, highroller sunday.


A letter from "some american"? Not sure I should open that, what do you think  ?


  where can I get one? will they be available at  :-)


My baby is so fucking beautiful  RT " Zac Efron  my ear will finally get pierced. By myself! :3


Amy Poehler and Billy Eichner Are Crazed Christmas Carolers  I'm getting up and it's so hard...morning is definitely not my favorite part of the day


2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  [otw yosteoc] (2001) Laura Scornavacca, p:shootout c:USA poin: 11


I gave you my heart and you turned around, depressing melodies, suppressing fantasies...


  cut my knuckle w paper, damn that hurts :-)


Henry Mancini ~ It Had Better Be Tonight (Meglio Stasera) ~ (Lyrics &amp; Fa...:    


What is something you have always wanted to try?  learn how to playing guitar  just ready for my future Christmas presents which will consist of sweaters and socks 


 WOW very beautiful Look with very sweet smile. I Like it:))


I favorited a  video from   Minecraft: Christmas Festivities 2 Mod Showcase!


I just love The Lodger. dunno how many times I've seen it already but I still find it funny. 


Google: We're Winning Against Phishing and Spam Emails  liked a  video from   Hard Driver - The Cold Angel (Frequencerz Remix)


The biggest challenge in everyone's life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else


Showtek &amp; Justin Prime ft. Matthew Koma - Cannonball (Earthquake) 


 Ha! Sounds like the call for a night owl Twitter party! :D If the NFL weren't playing, that is ;) (and no,I'm not watching)


" Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason."


OUR NEW SINGLE OUT!!!
Listen and share and have a happy Xmas!  Washington Building Rules Meet Push for Change 


50% quota for workers&amp;farmers in parlament to be canceled and instead introduced quota for women&amp;copts.Not bad news!  movie? "Just believe and you're almost there. Use your heart to show you care! Come on and celebrate the world!"


 I wonder though what it's like to be groupmuffined


 maybe he wanna go back that country where he do volunteer work? :x hyoyeon got bf la. LOL


Hey    guess what Valve updated today!  [ozhrpeo] (2010) Othman Hafsham, p:Comedy c:Malaysia poin: 7


The awkward moment when u say u want nothing for christmas and actually get nothing. Next year I'll say I want everything :D


Just cuz it's subzero dsnt mean we cnt hoop -- Basketball court in a rural village outside Prague   Lowers Streaming Price by $1 for New Members  fhinna dm you, i was otp w| her lastnight when she asked her.,


  just think that in his quick release also lies an opportunity. Surely he can't scan the field in 2s.


36  Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


I've collected 71,720 gold coins!    


Guess you can take the boy out of California, but you can't take the California out of the boy. Altho I guess I...  stats: No new followers, 5 unfollowers via  Storms Grip U.S., Knocking Out Power and Grounding Flights 


Want to join the GNSS Exploitation team within the GSA, please apply...  person followed me // automatically checked by  from a Senegalese fisherman to the Arctic 30  na Satellite P845 od Toshiba CZ SK hrajou dokonale. thumbs up


      thnkxx have great weekend


10 places you never thought you could afford: 2013 edition  they were really cute snaps as well
but you'll never see them
what a shame


Po Androidu pro Google vymysl opravdov roboty  mobilmania.cz


Tak sel cas - Ugly X-mas jumper     Weekly News | Business | Imec reduces processing cost of solar cells while increasing efficiency.  Good morning. Thanks and have a nice day with your family :)

Castle  


 I would be surprised. Haven't heard of any...


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kjds


 hello, my love, how are you today? ;) follow me, please :** x9


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?    52


 Jawaban benar: when a stranger calls back,  26/2132 poin


I am voting for Castle/Beckett    01 Jan 2014, let us all send Asrani the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (73)


What changed in web design this year (and whats next)  too many books and too little time to read them all ^^


I remember kins talking about how we would show each other our bad dragon dildos if we had any and girl, you're still on


Was out running 1.59 km with  See it here:  We can't have the control of the cultural shock, but we have many choices for learning about it. Be a...  man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit." 

Elbert Hubbard


Sledujte videa na  o boji s  /      


  Hardball..inspirational film, when I played baseball


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 23 NOV, Song  STEVIE RAY VAUGHAN and ALBERT KING  LP Session  1983  Call it stormy Monday


 Or what about making it channeled (as it was in WoW, after all). As long as you keep it active, you can't cast anything else?


This young lady made me realize how important it is to start small and let your aspirations become a reality. Kudos!  tbm.. todo mundo la no show e eu em casa aff shaushua preciso ir


 In germany you can also get punished without trial and evidence. Unless your well paid lawyer protests in less then 2 weeks.


Vicenov " We as a women are often underestimated at the ministry, and it is an upleasant experience"



News: SELF DEFENSE FAMILY - Neuer Song Turn The Fan On online :  [teh uorjyen] (1959) Anne Jackson, p:hungary c:USA poin: 11


Misery Business  mais ainda, gente Demi Lovato  


New Brochure    F2800       market in Brno.   Nmst Svobody  a fan of this whole look:  and who's wearing it, as well, of course!


 looks like a normal summers day in Huddersfield ?


 If you like this one here, you should try one in Germany. Way better than the one I just had.


 morning: Not for us, but joining our Under 17 team on their road trip!


I cant even have male friends , they all try to talk to me , So aggravating!


"One simple tactic that will always increase engagement  in this case by 40%"  co teba tahle frenetick HC/metal parta Johnny Booth   ... slyeli jste?  Klip "No Signal" z EP desky "The...    So, last two years for Fernando &amp; Ferrari F1 ? And Vale &amp; MotoGP ??? .... :-(


When are we actually going to hang out longer than 30 minutes?  


 [athfre r,bown tdceivete] (1934) Halliwell Hobbes, p:priest c:USA poin: 23


 Jawaban benar: circus of the stars   22/1137 poin


my dash right now is about 70% Doctor Who, 25% Sherlock and then there are few posts that consist something else


34  Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


 you been in my drafts? Lol but damn show me the way to the reservoir


 All updates must remain a secret until the last moment. We do short releases and it's hard to predict what will be complete.


HS: Have just left the Prag(ue)tiers (questionable spelling)  


Increase Visibility to Your Target Audience - Free Webinar  first  session is off to a great start, over 100 people on and more watching live on   stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed 5 people via  asking your pet a question like they will respond. 


So, uh, Nintendo didnt even announce them or anything, but these 2DS+Animal Crossing and 2DS+Pokemon bundles are a steal. Get on it, people!


   also, since when is Geers your friend? 


Partytipp: 20.12.2013 East Coast US-Rap X-Mas Special Kulturzentrum  Hmmm I only can go to Berlin. Anything else will be too far away :(


 Mansur Yava'n asn duyduu an vcut kimyas deimitir emin ol..onun cierini bilirim ben


the best new years ever by kate lassila  via 


bc. I've seen this film mentioned as a light feel good laddy kind of thing until I watched it. so it took me abt half the film to realise..


Not both, because that could not be... Too big to use brain. (3/3)


I liked a  video  Ariana Grande - Last Christmas (Audio)


 Jawaban benar: a hero of our time,  18/1704 poin  1/1531 poin


 Of course Mother Nature had to come see me before Santa 


 when you'll do let me know :) I might use them to describe my love for THE1975 :)))


Chalet Eden Rock - Val d'Isere, French Alps
Unique rustic charm and character  are now taking bookings on our New Year, New you weight loss challenge at 7 different locations across Dublin....  Latin Grammys ain't all that. Time sure has change!


17  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Lb se mi video   Why Do We Fall - Motivational Video


Solved! The Mystery of the Maddening Itch  via 


Hledme dal slu do  Technick f provozu Content Delivery Network.  because he celebrating the massacre of 12th May in Karachi


G+:  
Big news today: IBM has made Watson available via API. Learn more and imagine the possibilities:  LOL i wish i can have a conversation about 2PM with my mom


Through a Novel, a Window to an Authors Beliefs 


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 hweue


Steam Holiday Sale: Day 2 Flash Sales  21th December 2013:  via 


Stay strong make them wonder how you're still smiling. :)


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  on  bike       out this great  item 'Arthur - Responsive, One Page and Parallax'  new years following spree  :)"honey please follow me and my best friend  we love you


Just uploaded "Klangkultur Oberlausitz - Heimat ist dort wo die Musik spi..." as a Cloudcast to   Listen up!


UA | Georgie Louis 2013 Video Full !
Coming Out Monday
OverCrook  kizlar kolay paravanlardir birinin yuzune bisiy diyemiyosan ortak bi kiz arkadasina soyle o laflar yerine gider merak etme sen :)


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


Hey  ,what r u upto? Give me ur skype,need to talk!


 [teh hlanptee elssa fo oan ovuen] (1994) Timothy Enos, p:new-year c:USA poin: 31


 South Africans...patient, peaceful, progressive...disciplined, determined...   RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


 owned by  its employees who have a say in the running of the business and receive a share of annual profits,   is sooooooo good!!! (But gah it hurts too) Ho Hey by the Lumineers and Merlin :)  friends won't grow apart even when they don't talk everyday


" A month from now everything will be deleted for awhile." Me to i think .


 its so true it happened last night and l still cannot believe this sha l am watching a special on him ryt nw


 group ? hahaha , paklang tengok macam tak bernyawa dah .


Mama, I thank you for you loving me. Mama, ku tak akan nakal lagi. Mama, jangan pernah worry worry. Mama, ku sayang kamu :* 


&lt;3         are a limited number of productive hours in each day bec... More for Scorpio               earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 [wrsd'lo bgigtes npies] (2006) Steed Holt, p:porn c:UK poin: 21


Greeting cards that celebrate the natural female body. ne pt minuta a u: "I hate Christmas." aneb Hobo with a Shotgun. 


 Turns Her Small Studio Room Into Surreal Dreamscapes Without Using Photoshop


HEY  Connor Franta is obvs the hottest   


Polecam bo naprawd warto! Powinno zainteresowa  "Dealotto - Daily Deals for the Lucky"  you little rascal! I missed you so fucking much nugget! ily


 I'M DIIMG RIGHT NOW...YOU AND I my fav song and then  !!!!!



The Czech Republic rates 57. With great potential do to better and the Czech people demanding it!
  believe Im crazy enough to believe I can change the world.


yeah, that's what I do to unwind before going to bed. watch blood scribbles on the wall. totes normal


 Just as well you play for the Pansies! 


Sorry pn tady vedle s Blackberry Porsche Design -.- Trochu jin dimenze.


I think this is the first time I've ever stuck to a New Years resolution


I've harvested 711 of food!    


 i just discovered that u play 'Freya' in ur series  and that makes me so happy. Ur so great  look at my name:)


 at work, but I'll be really happy when it's gonna be finished :-)


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Kanye West - Bound 2 (Explicit)


People rting chik fil a and don't stay in statesville. Gonna go there and be hurt lol.


Don't be the type of person who repeats something funny only louder just for laughs.


When lips wont let me go (lips wont let me go,lips wont let me go )  Justin Bieber


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uiqwd


'Do you ever get the feeling that you're missing the mark?'


Cause part of you pours out of me in these lines from time to time...


  Ty jsi ten blogpost neetl vid :) Protoze winner takes it all a je teba obsadit trh.


 Yes,we have shops,cars,electricity and we don't sleep in caves here! ;) 


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


I remember Matt Walker said Halston was really intell...  He said she 'no' was intellectual. Do you remember? lol.  remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 35


Ain't nothin' wrong with this chemistry. Ain't nothin' wrong with this blasphemy.    RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


 It's professional &gt; Too expensive
It's shit &gt; You can buy it...


You often downplay your emotions if you sense they could make ... More for Scorpio  OK/SQ6KQJ/P (Dominik) on OK/LI-010 (Jeted, 1012m, 10pt) 14.288 ssb: 59 in JP41UQ [LA8BCA]


Just saw someone describing INYL as dnb track... Awesome. Really awesome. Smh


Affentempel 1, Bilder aus Swayambunath, dem Affentempel in Kathmandu        Check   feels as if you know what you need but someone close to you... More for Scorpio  Jawaban benar: the kraft music hall,  20/362177 poin


 To be fair, they also constantly dish out expansions for Sims 3, which is virtually unplayable without mods.


Enter the  competition and win two new World Business Class tickets to a breathtaking destination!  we teach today's students as we taught yesterday's, we rob them of tomorrow."
John Dewey


Radicalization in  society and politics is the byproduct of a "national policy" based on delusions &amp; misguided priorities.


Simple message for those that don't understand mental illness...  checkup: 41 inches tall (3'5" feet)
44lbs...... Happy, Healthy, Confident, and the light of my heart.  


Good game :) RT  Bruins Win!! 4-1 over Jets, with goals from Paille, Krug (2), Smith ^CS


I don't understand why tf our playoff sweatshirts are against dress code 


Jak je to Assassins Creed Pirates pro iOS? Hraje to nkdo?


  Hiiii guyssss! How are you today?
I'm a half heart women without you..:)


 Beliebers help beliebers, all around the world :)) PS, we want believe movie in Czech republic :D &lt;3 :)


 Aw. And I think one piece of my purpose for life is to be there for you always when you need me! :)  Still wondering why they haven't included the sensor yet


  holky dejte si pozor na to aby nas spolecny chat nepresel sem :D


When I wake up and realize that I'm finally home alone.  review for  - 'Very knowledgeable staff, amazing experience and great servi...' -  like the comfort of knowing you're right, but radical new ... More for Taurus  christmas present you received as child????  


Thom Yorke Calls Himself a 'Luddite and Proud of It' in  Debate | SPIN | Newswire    


NEXT GIGS 2013/2014 (3 new gigs added) :
* there are few free dates availbable in 2013,book it now !!!

23/11   Shers 5 Favourite 3D Printing Apps of 2013  


 Aww, happy birthday Vince!!! Enjoy this night, I bet it's gonna be HUGE! xx Your fan from Czech Republic.


New Mac Pro Uses 68% Less Energy, 74% Less Aluminum Than Previous Generation  Morrissey to release cover of Lou Reed classic  exactly what the world needed. (not.)


Android 4.2.2
Update fr Google Maps,Google Play Kiosk,Google Play Music und Hangouts App in Google Play verfgbar.


Paul is playing a doctor in the Poirot episode. Paul McGann is playing a doctor. I can't. :)


Concert Richard  which takes place on 7.12. in Prague Congress Centre in Prague.   Alicante: Aerial panorama above Vaillos Tower, Elche   


 Nah, but seeing this as the best result is pretty sad


   Ugh. Only thing I agree with is "If you dont use vi, youre not really serious. Real programmers know C." :D


Time, Clocks, and the Ordering of Events in Distributed System, paper na dnen den  Like a Pro: The Ultimate List of Hacking Scripts for    fly yet because there's something wrong with the left philanjeeeee :P lol Just an Icing issue 


Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and 2 unfollowers via  trying to make my christmas postcards look nice but i feel like the people who receive them will be only disappointed ;3;


 Jawaban benar: the meaning of life,  19/342332 poin  1/370442 poin


Union Square 'I hate white people' beating victim dies at Bellevue Hospital  have a nice time and relax. You deserve it. :*


Photo: "So a part of you is broken when thats gone. And part of you wants to have that rebellious feeling...  exactly! Nurture your tribes, don't pollute them with ads and offers.


 as a big fan of your talent for bios, do you ever think about writing a steve jobs bio? Not 100% happy about the Isacson 1..


Mel jsem cest videt novej klip The Switch, teste se!  with 


Easy come, easy go.
That's just how you live, oh.
Take, take, take it all
But you never  Grenade by    berdua sama kamu ke sini sayang :) " Romantic Evening in Venice, Italy  01 Jan 2014, let us all send Nana Patekar the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (63)


Which movie? "Here is an important message from your Uncle Bill. Don't buy drugs. Become a pop star, and they give you them for free!"


PCB is attending SITE Texas with other meeting professionals today in Frisco,Texas. Topic of the meeting:...  Clean is Your Air?: A recent study tested the air compressors in four dental clinics and the results were ...  I'm fed up. Can't write another word ... 926 words are all I can achieve today ... &gt;:(


 lol it's not FIFA macha. What will a single midfielder do!


 [ssmi esuevirn 0210] (2001) Celina Jaitley, p:tv-special c:USA poin: 18


1982 - ABBA's Last Video - The End Of An Aera That Began In 1974 - Only as Single "The Day Before You Came" !!     love "   Cc someone with a very beautiful Smile? 


 seared acouple of ribeyes last night actually, medium rare to be exact. How about you?


  :D so what die you think of the dragon in 3d???


I cant fight you anymore, its you Im fighting for. Bono and boys are back!


armed with wine &amp; going thru my old photos with the intention of choosing a few for a calendar....


But this train station isnt particularly thrilling


 I absolutely love this:  when you grabbed the bells, that was hilarious! Love you!


young Mattie and little Pond and big Pond and fish custard an the bowtie i cannot 


I just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Some search for happiness and some crave for beauty .


perempuan suka lelaki yg boleh menceriakn , mengahapus kesedihan , caring , memahami , walaupon x handsome .. rupa bukan segalanye


HAIM's probably the ugliest girl group ever. Just sayin'. Or maybe they look this horrible just on purpose.


Mary Poppins musical with my favourite czech actress  ^^ Excited, gonna go ask for autograph for my little sis ^~^


 Jawaban benar: the student prince in old heidelberg,  36/3921 poin


" That nigga Zae will tell a priest to roll the gas lmaooo." If the nigga smoke


Happy X-mas &amp; All The Best! - Share: Facebook Twitter Google Plus Yahoo LinkedIn Delicious Pivo esk - ...  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 32


 tak to pardooon.. Se to leskne a je to cernobily a tak.. ;-)


Ooooh now I know why suddenly some of the MLPFacts followers are in my timeline... My twitter client derps around /)_-


 improving the docs is very high on our agenda; but still it would be interesting *what exactly* you are missing.


 on his super-G skiing "Theres always potential to ski better, between tactics, technique, equipment, but it's pretty good now"


iSeries Specialist  Implementation Consultant (m/w) DMS/ECM  Jobs Dresden


 Kanye has a chest tattoo that says "only kanye can judge kanye" 


Can I be already back from school and watch the GG video again and again? :-/


 eh hahahaha! i thot nobody will see my tweet one lo! where got every tweet! nowadays more :D he only this week playing piano


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed 8 people via  report about how Walmart outperforms other major retailers working with engaged Facebook fans - good exa are my parents explanations ...: "that smell's because of the sugar factory" brother: "BUT IT SMELLS OF SAUSAGES"


The Majestic Tree           technotropism: How to rob things Lolita style. FromLolitas Without A Cause by Deerstalker...  at Prask hrad | Prague Castle (Praha) w/ 3 others   A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


 It's a pity, the rectangular cushions were excellent building materials to build forts for my kid.


  HAPPY Birthday to Baylee! Can't believe he is 11 already!! Time flies! Have a great BDay Baylee :) 


Hah, and with that the first snow flakes come down.  don't know you but all i know is that i'm in love with that smile! Pl...  Awwh that's really sweet :") mwahhh  [odyihal] (1930) Hedda Hopper, p:holiday c:USA poin: 7


Some people will never appreciate the things you do for them.


 I Know. I am only curious about Async == ???. Correct definition. No offence. Just wanna know the right one.


Dner local ;) ( Hard Rock Cafe Praha w/ 13 others) [pic]:  07 Jan 2014, let us all send Ze Salmon the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


Spanish-English Word Connections: desafiar &lt;lots to read here!&gt;   


Spurs take a shine to Van Gaal's vision for the future  via 


 haber yapm m? 8 Haziran da Zaman'da byle bir haber yoktu


I've collected 16,706 gold coins!    


the way they brought the Master back to life would have made petfect sense on Buffy.


14  Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


Podepsna Charlotte [Sophie de Mullenheim] Prezentace knih ybude 12.12.  daily unfollower. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  pleaseee follow me and    we love youu,  CZECH REPUBLIC! w


Crazy night man, thank you Sui Seng for carrying me home, HAHAHAHAHA!


Odeslal jsem 8 fotek na Facebook do alba QRO Antenna six to one switch   our czech amazing country singer and composer...he did mainly american country music


I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
Cause I'm stronger than I was.


 Ciao, sorry that I'm responding so late. Unfortunately I'm v. busy right now in school &amp; work so I'd not have enough time.


 aaah dawg, isn't I said id tune U when come through, o akanya gore ke tlaa go dodja??


 Those burritos you sent are something! *munchmunch*


 Jawaban benar: when the legends die,  20/362772 poin


"Motherfuckers-say that I'm foolish; I only talk about jewels/Do you fools listen to music, or do you just skim through it?" 


Good point. Shona,Ndebele,English    what about other languages wont others feel excluded too e.g kalanga


 Hm, maybe I should do Ctrl+F5 on that page for once :v


House of Pain na Winter Classic. Na extralize zase mame Kabat.


Hi!  please look at my polish version of "Podemos" and tell me what do you think about it? :)   6


 [ehnw ybso fyl] (2002) Jason Cavallo, p:drug-abuse c:USA poin: 13


 Thank you, Sylvain. Also for great presentation!


, diseases and afflictions, even hurt by us, will be in vain to wait for help from us.


Watching finally the new episode. Television at it's best.  


My buddy's will that's leaving for deployment  via 


Today stats: 3 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  23:00 URBAN FUTURE  
UK Bass, House, Garage w/ Cupcoon, Motorv8a und Geroyche // Eintritt: 5


We are only half way through the first day of the conference   06 Jan 2014, let us all send Rowan Atkinson the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (59)


My Top 3  Artists: Kings of Convenience (50), Editors (45) &amp; Etherwood (45)    much as I love a day off no other fucker is off when I am   


Cooked Spicy Basil pasta for  the nth time then puke afterwards! kidding!   to Popjustice's top 45 2013 singles on Spotify. Flatline, what an amazing pop song, yo. well I bought it back then.still amaze tho


 ticket for Serj Tankian's concert here in Prague and that day parents had a fight and I said I won't go but in the end I did and


finally finished for today. geeeeeeeeeeeez its 11pm :-) im happy but damn tired :-)


Sauna Time  via 

I have to wait at least until 2pm... BUT IIII WANT IT NOOOOOOW!!!


13  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


 [tsil of tsains] (2010) Matt Valliere, p:list c:USA poin: 14


  WALKING IN CHICAGO: Walking west on Randolph from Michigan, two dollars    made a new achievement: `Affluent...`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


Black Twitter got bored of Michelle Obama and decided to attack R. Kelly.


I can honestly say that was one of the most beautiful sights to ever grace my eyes and I will never ever forget it


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


Your emotions are intensifying and it's crucial to stick with ... More for Libra   we're leaving together! Wooot! *Drives on my motorcycle to the sunset*


Neil Patels favourite growth hacking tools  Yes!


Now time to get to sleep &amp; see what tomorrow brings.


ekla bych rda nco o novch restauracch v Pze, ale dm se STRIKTN tmto :If you've got nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.


Not encouraging for  w/NYR captain Ryan Callahan out 4-6 weeks w/ knee sprain ahead of  Meanwhile,  scores 4 tonite


6  You'll Need to Suceed - Pick the Brain | Motivation and Self Improvement      I hope nobody of them will ever change.


   Have you ever been in Czech Republic? or do you want to? x 1


I'm at Penny Market (Marinsk Lzn, Czech Republic)  You did good helping her, and you made a difference. I hate it when people just stand there looking. :/


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


  Is Working On A New Camera API, But It Wasn't Ready In Time For   Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


Apparently my subconscious is very worried about not being able to punch someone. My dreams are stupid.


Walkers everywhere:)  The Walking Dead   Retweet to vote  pes 


  i believe the time after school will be the best


New project aims to 3D print heart within a decade  


7  Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Facebook Screwed Lots Of Retailers - Business Insider  blue &amp; red team!!!!!!!! You deserve it guys. Tie pa oh!!!! =))"


Cranberry Sweet &amp; Sour Pork Chops with Roasted Sweet Potato Puree   Not Tablets Or TVs  Dominate Online Video

Read more:...  completed a 0.09 km walk with  Check it out!  


 We are sorry, but we can't help you out with illegal license. Ask  or  special 4 u:Where did phrase banana republic come from?
  never say never but highly unlikely..My money is on Arsenal or Chelsea who are consistent, City too unpredictable but still in it


Achieved a new personal record with  Distance...  


Nothing brings a calm good night sleep like finding a three-months-old poke from your ex. :( Oh well, GN to everyone


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  LARRY MILLER  LP Unfinished business 2010 Deliah


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


  We argue every day, why do you want to take that from us?


But to me even tae is more of a top than jjong so... x"D


First prague Barbarians quiz question now on the facebook page...   


  New people to share the madness are always welcome. One minute to go!


One year ago. Still can't believe it. England 2012      again the very beginnings of my "PMV tries" and such stuff


My week on twitter: 1 New Followers, 55 Mentions, 15K Mention Reach, 52 Replies, 5 Retweets, 803 Retweet Reach. via  Another problem is, when you rotate device into landscape orientation. Cell with dynamic height returns same height as in portrait


Listening to "Soulful Christmas Mix"  by DJ Friction  on  [teh t'sca teal] (1941) Mel Blanc, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 14


Bowring saterdey..... musta kya ang giant lantern s pampanga... sana me mag uplod sa youtube!!!!


It's my birthday month!!! Beginning of the year. Love it!!!


Thanks to  for a great app. Could we have this kind of counters? It would be really helpful.  do not change anyone, I do not add to anyone. I only pass on Divine Knowledge. I give from you to you, from within yourself" 


Google, Microsoft, Facebook a dal se spojily proti NSA  01 Jan 2014, let us all send Dana Andrews the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (105)


In case you've missed it,  can export your docs into HTML + it'll autocapture screenshots for you! :)  has nothing to offer apart from the Association Agreement and Thank God for that as there would be nothing without it."  Kakachia


 [hourg esrrid] (1997) Patrick Gorman, p:silver c:USA poin: 12


 [eth de ywnn wohs] (1949) Sam Hearn, p:guest c:USA poin: 16


According  : || Translate of the Video by  The rumors have persisted (cont)   He was a well-known chef who worked at the Astoria Hotel in Petersburg and cooked for Rasputin and Lenin as well.


Wait how old am I exactly  " TROY AND GABRIELLA MET 8 YEARS AGO TODAY  Your website says I can call *77 for help resetting my Mj Vodafone password but I just get asked for my password there too.


My chart of the best albums 2013!
      


Who is ready to indulge with the very best cupcakes in Prague? If you do, please join us   yerah, i thought so :) just teasing (but did not say) 


 you are very beautiful woman. :) Best wishes from Prague ;)


Keep calm and read your stats. 10 new followers and 1 unfollower. Daily stats via  and 3D Print Yourself a Porsche Cayman!  


A new favorite: Apparatique The Plesqure Pasta Tasty Sound by Pasta (Tasty Sound)  on 


Good morning! Candy, anyone?          to the hills  Need some good music to fall asleep


'Alcohockey' Is Canada's Ultimate Rebuttal to Beer Pong  they are some girls that are OTF and the rest well....how am I going to put it...hmmm "fucking thots"


Was out walking 4.29 km with  See it here:  hora que twd ganhar essa bosta vai aparecer walkers de todo lugar sem nem ter ajudado!
The Walking Dead  


Guard guarding the castle/cathedral  Prask hrad | Prague Castle  I have a mission for you!!! be my 6/6 pleaaaase FLOVE YOOU


9 New Year's Resolutions You Can Actually Achieve This Year   Happy New year !!! Happiness, health, love and luck!!!!  Big hugs from Russia thank u so much hun 


 worth $0. SEO analysis of top.bigweb     pes 


Happy Monday  I went to the beach to walk but you were not there ;-) have a great week!


364 Sunsets to 2015. Be grateful for every Sunrise  achieved the Water trophy with my Nike+ FuelBand.   Jawaban benar: marple: nemesis,  15/21087 poin


News: Indie Dreadlocks unveil Dex, a 2D sidescrolling cyberpunk RPG on Kickstarter - Strategy Informer  via 


Trailer for our new game  will be released in few days!
Meanwhile watch this one for  :)
 se trata de Panic At The Disco, Blink 182, The Killers.... muero :(


"Implanted radio chips help park rangers protect precious cactus from poachers" -  just voted for my lady:) Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


 [het ondlge nogg] (1985) Vivien Leigh, p:james-bond c:UK poin: 15


Automate your standup and wallboard with Crontabs  via 


 so... I dont really know the good thing is that I finally have only 2laptops to think about I do little steps see it?


It is not till the cow has lost her tail, that she discovers its value. - German Proverb


I just voted for The Crazy Ones   Retweet to vote  via 


So fond of autorun viruses in USBs. Buti na lang, I know how to debug the virus! :) 


  No idea, he didn't say my name, so you were pretty low. 


Shout out to  !! Hope you enjoy the rest of your birthday 


I finished the "Extinguish Fires" task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


 1vh sg:leend teh woh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: vh1 legends: the who


Twitter Will Now Show You Ads Based on Your Browsing History  via 


   Also Ragusa, village Polina J, Monreale, Agrigento, saw Villa Romana, Noto, Messina and more.


 
Skeewiff - Brutha Noah
LIVE on  91.9FM Czech Republic!
    


 *the loud banging on his door startles him out of his pouting and nearly causes him to sew a bright blue bolt of cloth to his --


Hiring a HR generalista  specialista na ZP in Prague, Czech Republic  


 happy new year :-) wish all  lots of twitter love from our Dave in 2014 ;-)


 it has it's problems, but for the price it's awesome.


 wow so sweet. Good morning. I wish you a beautiful day and happy christmas time with your family;-)  are fire trucks red? It's simple, really:  *PMSL*


 I'm never going to get over your affection for pacific rim, sorry bro.


not going to rock for people 2010 when muse played there is one of my biggest regrets in life


What a masterpiece!          of Cats Stealing Dog Beds  via  mum just sent me this video. haha!


 probably having the social pressures back to remind me of something that I unconsciously want because of them ;)


Just photo!!!          THE LEAST OF REASONS: Day's elk hunt over, dropping suddenly to night   


 Would you be willing to trade those keys for more pizza slices?


 Sorry. Everyone has a different taste (-&gt; Slipknot) so as the show's host, you were right in playing  cheat sheet that should help photography beginners. Ping     Sure, what are you thinking in regards to the Khan project... give me some details. I just started a new coding class


Chronicle Epaper from 15th Nov with    "The humane EXPERIENCE "  stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 3 people via  you heard what Leonardo da Vinci's fantastical musical instrument sounds like?  days run so fast, yet they are never ending.


   This conversation keeps running through my mind, long after we stood   COMFORT FIT: The perfect boot fit for skiers who are looking for sporty comfort.  hahaha no - my parents were here ;). but I'm going over to my "adoptive family's place" next weekend ;)


  And I will have another stomach ache if I eat those


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Today stats: 4 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  I'm experimenting with 2 buttons platformer :) hope you will like it.


"   what he do . Ctfu"i was supposed to get dis northface jacket today cause I sold him a 300$ polo bag


Hey people, how was your start to 2014? Mine was boring and definitively not what I expected. But whatever. This year is gonna be awesome!


 Baz productions is recruiting professional male actors  20-60 for initial project: info bazprague


 How lazy was he?? Serves him right to lose his licence *rolls eyes*


  the cultural year in review from  republic   


Facebook 'dead and buried to teens', research finds | Technology |  &gt;&gt;  night view from Old Town Hall Tower!  Lively Christmas Market :)     entrepreneur is trying to create a perfect university to displace Harvard &amp;Yale  via 


i highly recommend to follow  it will open your eyes, give you an idea of what happened and how the victims must have felt.


8 Ways to Discover Your Passion and Live a Life You Love &lt;3  Evenings: Lee Andrew Davison Band in the Club Imperial on Friday 20.12. at 08:30 PM.   you too notice that using hashtags on Facebook have detrimental effect on engagement?


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


Something tells me...I'll be rebloging awesome THE1975 gifs all night long :))


 noo but I wish I could hel you more but I can't ;; And noo you do! Stop it TTTT


    kilka jest xD ale to te limitowe xD


I have completed the quest 'Chase away 5 tigers.' in the  game The Tribez.   


 trruaece asruefte tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: creature features


What nerds are laughing about:  Scientists tell their favourite jokes.  m supervikend. Sobota:U Berouna s  , nedle naten novyho vizualu s   a  


Java Web Frameworks: Why you should use  for your next CRUD app:  ---  to read a Trivia on the  about my favorite directors. So inspiring for me


Breakpoint Tester: test your responsive design by breakpoints, not by device widths.  /v 


Regular night. First up nicely and then down little bit in cash games. But still down total. Maybe tomorrow. Plo  


Xmas gift suggestions:  
To enemies - Forgiveness
 To friends - Your heart 
To yourself - Respect 
To poor - Charity  
           Merry Xmas


You know bra  I said earlier today that, today it's Thulani vs  well done to the Young Man sir ;)


 *LOL* Can you establish your own PW? Then think of a sentence that means something to you, like "I love my wife" (but make &gt;&gt;


Handmade framed  Glass bow earrings.   


Today stats: 7 followers, 15 unfollowers and followed 6 people via  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jsj


 [het nspeegli ordiyntcia] (2003) Kate Helen White, p:love c:USA poin: 23


Less than 48 hrs before I'll be heading back to the US of A for a visit. So close!


I've collected 17,362 gold coins!    


the royal baby has a fuckin boring name they shoulda named it Copernicus or Oedipus or Tractor or something


 This tweet was far better written than Man of Steel.


"no way you never gonna shake me, oh darling cause you'll always be my baby.."  sleeptight, loveyou and see you soon!


New day, new tweets, new stats. 1 new unfollower. Via good old  favorited a  video  Art of Fighters &amp; Endymion feat. Murda - Rocket (Traxtorm Records - TRAX 0116)


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


 help pls, twitch is not working for me, seems like it only works (except chat and following list) on  wish my roommate would workout with me. Working out alone is no fun. *sigh*


   Girls, youre the best! Always make me laugh! Happy new year!  - ''German'' Salafis fighting in Syria and Afgahnistan  via 


 really nice that soup house and grill house :D


7  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


      Beer factory  temazo el de One for the road de Arctic Monkeys, me encanta, joder.


My hair line never been straight,and I'm okay with that. I got a full head of dope hair unlike some niggas I know


  they had their act together enough to look holy. Evangelism is about messed-up sinners sharing w/other sinners.


  Freshlabels party a Zatlanka afterparty asi :(


 Jsem rad, ze tam nemusim chodit, abych tenhle pocit nemel taky:))


 [eyth hoots visad, to'nd ty?he] (2002) Diana Carreno, p:revenge c:USA poin: 29


In memory of John Hahn-Petersen who was born on November 4th, 1930 and died on January 4th, 2006.


Stahujte postapokalyptick Fallout 1, 2 a Tactics zdarma. Pouze 48 hodin - iDNES.cz  good one. I have your girl in my next class I got you 


well, that was a lot of Dictors. PETER. fucker. 


4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by   hee hee, well, Westlife is my teenage years lmfao xx


his question was "where are we going to move after you finish studying? Germany or the UK" ah well.. I can't speak German and I'd love to


watching you. i have lots of fun and there are still 5 hours for laughing 


I liked a  video  Entrepreneurship: Eben Pagan


 [ew rea ashalmrl] (2006) Mike Ribaudo, p:coach c:USA poin: 15


 we do it every year and we are skipping December and most of January. Recommended.


Global Day of Code Retreat bude letos i v Ostrav! 14.prosince 2013       Hmm Avi looks better without tattoos.


Today stats: 10 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 15 people via  liked a  video from   [1080p HD] EXO - Christmas Day 131222


 Could be expiring NB warranty.At least 2 colleagues of mine exprncd failed HDDs recently-the same NB model,the same warranty


 I did buy the $5 content thing, it's probably in in MainStage then


Ji dnes veer! XS-Mass Party v Progressu! See you there   created  of  for OS X    "Measuring Completeness of Building Footprints in OpenStreetMap over Space and Time"   


Lb se mi video   24/7 - Road to the Winter Classic: Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red Wings 2013


 I saw the dazzling gardens, but our tour guide was horrible, and it was not possible to understand his mumbling in English.


I've collected 11,457 gold coins!    


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via   If YOU make a great &amp; thin Windowsphone, i MUST buy it! Sounds great that you change from stupid Android to Wp! &lt;3


Just sad. People on my flight in this morning, find them eating at same hotel restaurant with me in the evening.


50 Digital Marketing Metrics for CMOs, CDOs, CIOs and CFOs -  have Fence on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Fleeing to Next Town, Bosses May Find Minimum Wage Is Rising There, Too 


 I\ve grew up on warcraft games and lore, I played every signle warcarft and I dont have my key yet :((


Olympic Diver Tom Daley Reveals Gay Relationship on YouTube  in the woods, because I'm crazy :p  Romanov  im in love in it, it s different, catchy, lovely and huuuuge.great job 


We are the champions, and so are you!;-)
Thanks for everyone's support. Horsefeathers clothing Mo team is finaly...  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  are so many things i should do but instead I am drawing as always. // Eiffel tower  Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


 s'tac woem tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cat's meow


ORF FM4 plays so awesome today. Work goes so smooth. Feel like dont want to stop today. 


Amazing Shadow Sculptures by Tim Noble and Sue Webster   have never seen Andre live, but I was close to Big show once and his hands are gigantic.


I can't become attached to anyone anymore. The people I'm attached to now, will be the last people ever, plain and simple.


Burying my face in my pillow because that's what I do when I smile too much


Hello everybody! Wish you beautiful and peacefull Christmas and everything the best for new year=)=**


 So I'm going to write a book.   gonna read that! D.S.


Nice slap for Arsenal and his fans in a fantastic game of football. Well played Citizens.


Broadway "The Same Thing We Do Everyday Pinky" Ft. Craig Owens | Director:    for Tablets Version 1.0 To Be Released April 2014 -  [rgaenis didav] (2009) Duncan Mee, p:privacy c:UK poin: 13


  yeah he goes mad. He made me change by background when he was it


  I wanted to responded with some innocent jokes, but somebody already did -  he he hey thanks man! we're full of ideas'n'stuff but it lacks time. but we're definitely on to it!


Met a man tonight who stood before Mengele the angel of death as a teen and survived his stay in a concentration camp. 


 Jake and Santiago (Brooklyn Nine Nine) - but I don't know this couple...


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 Well, we can see who's Hartley's favourite and who's not Baertschi is definitely not a favourite one. But he deserves the spot.


I favorited a  video  Battlefield 4: Official Multiplayer Launch Trailer


  has he suddenly got good in the states? good attitude at least


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy Vynic):  pes 


dann halt das:  - what the fuck is wrong with you


Number crunching for the past day - 2 new unfollowers. Stats via  he still has a chance to grow taller isnt he? He still 17 yo x))


 Did you think of taking a photo of the cakes so you can share it with us?


Well, I'm screwed. Completely and thoroughly screwed. Another word would be even more appropriate. One with "f".


 wow that's cool but I understand you :( mum likes Benny so much and i don't like it


Swiss players got their revenge. Too bad but a great game nonetheless. Anything but boring. Proud to be part of  family. 


It's an absolutely great sunny day to be doing all the touristy nonsense at Universal Studios. Just saw Bubba Gump Shrimp... Happening.


novy top animak od tvorcov Archera:  // chozen aka the gay rapper :D


So anyways, morning. It's waiting for a big and awesome package day. I might do an unboxing stream if it comes today.


 what at least?! Worst thing to do man! Keep me waiting only


 Just Announced: Cesky Krumlov, Czech Republic - Apr 18 at City Lounge Music Club  of the few that can say im really happy by ma self


Was out running 15.20 km with  See it here:  of the Web of the Month announced! Read the story at  happiness.) but let's face it. I visited them for bands. Liverpool for the Beatles and Glasgow for Franz Ferdinand.


Photo: Merry Christmas from the beach!    new Nokia Lumia 1520 is for people who live large. Look at this here -&gt;  I finished mine, but need a prayer for a right &amp; engaging delivery that would speak directly to our atheist's guests we invited.


 [tegssa] (1997) Lauren Montgomery, p:love c:USA poin: 6


 offline map &amp; travel app  (regular $2.99) for FREE today! Thanks      - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


when your friends are hiding of camera   fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 21.75C ac foris 7.94C vre esse.


 |   play - Strengthening integrity, Transparency in   do shopping e to vendo showzin do Jorge e Mateus


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.94C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 5.63C vre esse.


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


 Jawaban benar: mr. p's dancing sushi bar,  25/362489 poin


WTF? Is the Walking Dead STILL happening? I thought it was over.


Ruff Sqwad - Mario Balotelli - Official Video:  via 


  one of the best F1 fans (especially Schumi and Rosberg)! Thanks for the help, support and nice words! 


 I am never too tired to muffin but I'd be tired to swallow


Sevgili radyo istasyonlar, dnyada sadece 4-5 ark yok. Bizi delirtmeyin ve u poplarite sevdanzdan kurtulun.


" ya crib "  lmao where?" you finally got her bro


steal from friends and strangers with me on  a real life game for your iPhone.  "If she doesn't text you when she's drunk, you're not the one. 


Next day of photoshooting for MDLS         so you can combine running, with waving or whatever.


Tue, 19 Nov 2013, let us all send Jodie Foster the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (51)


" Because you alone are,
Now you only are,
life. You're my life.
My peace, and my pain,
you alone are my love.."


tohle v cechach pobere malokdo. rappppperi rozhodne ne)) ambientni trap a dalsi podivny witchhousy  cekej feat! 


Lb se mi video   Of Monsters And Men - Little Talks (Thomas Jack Remix)


Lb se mi video   Silent Night (Cover By The Vamps)


- Discover the secrets to making money online as an affiliate with Click bank, 
  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


Pulling someone down will never help u to reach the top


Hawkish  eyes military boost amid island dispute with 
 3rd of the 5k turbo to save the trip! 


I'm so excited and frightened! I'm gonna sing Defying Gravity next week in intimate concert. Wish me luck please:)


It's gettin cold in here -so cold!- So put on all your clothes. I'm gettin' so cold, I wanna put my clothes ooonnnn...


 yea I am the last 6 or 7 games where have they been going to close games out? Not to the defending rookie of the yr just sayin


I wonder why i always wake up hungry AF every morning


In memory of Natalie Wood who was born on July 20th, 1938 and died on November 29th, 1981.


Ok snapchat you're kinda starting to tick me off, refresh dammit....


My Top 3  Artists: Daughter (46), Eminem (26) &amp; The 1975 (20)  Wow ! In addition to the snowmobiling that you?


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


 oi you you maik mistake hahaha, lats two fight 2 orlov win no price win , it math you  


In memory of Harry Morgan who was born on April 10th, 1915 and died on December 7th, 2011.


 morning too baby:* iya nih alhamdulillah udh sampe rumah hehe:*{} have fun ko sayang tp lbh have fun lg kalo ada kamu:*&lt;3&lt;3{}


Patrice Evra enjoys thrill of the cup - Official Manchester United Website  one for all my friends that gave me the  by following: 

May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. (NM)




Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


(can you tell I'm MAD abt Ripper Street cancellation? CAN YOU???)


My Top 3  Artists: Vreid (6), Mnegarm (2) &amp; The Dictator (1)  se mi video  od autora   Otzky - Luba Skoepov - Show Jana Krause 22. 11.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  Same here. But after 20 years an anti-infect injection wouldn't help much anymore.


  it makes me smile every day!   n


When you are looking outside the window, you see the grass is still green and the sun is shining nearly everyday....  now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Reus on Raptr!  finished rehearsal with  for  support 26.11. at 
   Hanks oozes class in Captain Phillips. Stomach-churning performance! Do give it a watch.


Thinking of my Hero michael Schuhmacher as I was a Child I always watched him driving and winnig! My thoughts are with you ! I pray for you!


Playing Black Water on my iPad. Love this game! Check it out!   se mi video   How to make a tiramisu roll


One day I will go through all the funny jpg.gifs I have saved and share them unto this world.


VIDEO: Most Amazing Dance Routine You Will Ever SeeTHE ROBOT!  [het steno eatp] (1972) Neil Wilson c:UK poin: 14


Maybe if your dick was thicker than your goddamn eyebrows we wouldnt be having this conversation   Gay couple arguing outside Walmart


 Hug her from behind, bro. She'll love it every single time.   please, brother, i am far... brother, i am far away.


Forget what hurt you, but never forget what it taught you.


"Zmensili porce, zvedli ceny, obsluhu nechali.. To uz proste nemuze byt vase..."  Restaurace Trilobit:  


 Air - Moon Safari, Radiohead - Everything in it's right place, Autechre - Gantz Graaf, Nine Inch Nails - The Slip


Wed, 01 Jan 2014, let us all send Egidio Arevalo Ros the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (32)


 Very good! Carry on! Nana is for me the symbol of beauty from Asia! And I am an artist from Germany :)  person followed me // automatically checked by  Happy Healthy Birthday! :) &lt;3 You share them with my country friend  !  So both have great weekend with Sarah pics.


 Freddy I'm pulling an all nighter ..  ,dat nigga never run wen he chase, I'll leave his ass


"Lana is too mainstream." hahahaha do you know there exist somebody like Pitbull. that's mainstream.


  I know I've already linked you to it, but because it seems fitting in the last hour ... ;)   why??????? lol eh u next year dont want go jalan besar is it?


 na FF UK Ustav ceskych dejin ( Filozofick fakulta -  w/ 5 others) [pic]:      bring Tyson back tomorrow 


System Innovation for Sustainability: Using Systems Thinking and 
   where can l cast my vote for these awards


what even is catch the beat on osu
i genuinely have no idea


Last 24 Hours = 0 Followers and 3 Unfollowers get your stats at  all of my friends do it i cannot pass this year... those are my favourits.  same procedure as every year. Potato salad and Schnitzel. And a bunch of new friends made our Christmas...  would never have guessed, that surgery could be so boring


LOVE the new charcoal colored ceiling      George Prime   tagged by  &amp;&amp;  after long time again.Ppl should learn to use google b4 asking stupid questions :'(


You are ready to move forward in life and love. The energy...More  LOVE Scope here  endless sadness and happiness
I don't think many people understand


Only my friends wash my dishes while I'm asleep before they head home. Lmao!


 .rd iprnecp tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: dr. crippen


 and u r class less i cant talk with a rigid jerk too long


 Noname dickhead calls somebody, who has class a dickhead? Complete loser, thats what you are.


Store trip. The plan is to get a skirt, eggnog ingredients and pistachios


za pr hodin  Arogant music club

 21:00-22:30 FREY
 22:30-00:00 Foxx 
 00:00-01:30 Revelation Point
 01:30-03:00...  you ever popped champagne in a plane? 


And Now You Can Glide Gently In The Night - with - AIRWAVES -"Love Stop" !!  and revolutionary idea in my eyes. Simple solution till we can pay online everywhere.   via 


 [.mr sp' aidcgnn usish rba] (1998) Gary Grossman, p:sushi c:USA poin: 25


Ayojide Buremoh, Consultant, Enterprenuer, Innovator | APSense Profile  i love pears so much but the allergy is not fun  :///


que ousadia misturar  o tchan com twerk  ( live on  HAHAHAHHA !! U remind me of the China shark fin soup aunty, she whined like a baby when no more soup liao


  in the midst of switching domains. Moving from fettblog.eu to  - feel free to check out the source


"Think my problem's I talk too much, suddenly dance sometimes, am hyper.. (other 5)" "But that's all great! It's THEIR problem, not yours."


Paul Walker you will be extremely missed prayers out to his family and loved ones 


37  Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


 Ask him to help u get closer to Him..  yes ma'am


"How good is public Wi-Fi? We test The Cloud, BT &amp; O2 to find out if you really need 3G or 4G connectivity" -  is just so cute and adorable and fluffy and unf (*`*)


I've collected 21,028 gold coins!    


How times change: in 1964 there was less than one terabyte of data storage on the whole planet. Today it's anyone's for $100 a year.


 yalor starting i watch to kill time on trains also. but surprisingly its quite nice!


 ['setl ilve ntoihtg] (1935) Olga Borget c:USA poin: 18


Dollhouse furniture is also popular; here's some Midcentury furnishings  Erzgebirgisches Spielzeugmuseum  whats vai sair do ar, como assim  Justin Bieber


If u cant knock out ur opponent, dont blame the judges if scores dont favour you.Thats what I learned from the past Pacman vs Bradley fight


Just coming up with some tasty new grooves             Malowanie wiatem  Alagna,The worldwide renowned French tenor.
 23.11.2013, 19:30 Municipal House


 Jawaban benar: hey, i'm alive,  14/320204 poin


 really picky food eater.. but give me a hot chocolate and it'll be gone in one minute ahaha I'm horrible when it comes to hot


      it's an ear hat, John! Aw ^^


 Please, follow me and my friend  we love you so much x28


Poprve od cervna .. I just ran 2,51 km  a 7'09"/km pace with Nike+.  


"My dad was a break dancer in his teens. I just came across this magnificent picture."  to make an elegy for a guy I've never even heard of (atleast until he died) :(


Apple's New Fingerprint Scanner Is An Epic Fail For Some  conversation nya asy tah cin? yg tak capture dulu =)) RT  RT  That sad moment when you find an old conversat


Ed Macauley~ When you are not practicing remember someone somewhere is practicing and when you meet him he will win.


 ah be hocam simdi bu twete karsi o adama simdi muhalif olmak bu nasil bir celiski dir yarabb


 [het nietfs ouhsr] (1964) Patrick Wymark c:UK poin: 16


Wygldanie przez okienko w wykonaniu Beata :)

 All rights reserved by Tomasz Gas  2014 |   that's a very cool post. I actually have a very similar view at sp as you seem to have. :)


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  fair enough, it's just weird to me bc my nails are really hard so i can't bite them


   viram a foto que ela posto? aff  Jordanian Group that represents  with the Palestinian Group that represents PCHC      Pernah diceplokin telor sama temen pas ultah?:3


 anyways, going to bed now, nighty night and.sweet dreams hun xxx


 box instruction: bake 9-11 minutes.
Should've so gone for 9. :( Oh well, still delicious


Nedved beats Koskinen on the short side. Czechs leads 1:0 after the second. 


 Jawaban benar: mail and female,  15/364978 poin


Fracking hot: N. Dakota man sets tap water on fire Video+pics - new
must see!
 Jawaban benar: roxy hunter and the horrific halloween,  38/19949 poin


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 Excellent writeup of IBM's OS/2 debacle.  great biz long read


 Ha, well you obviously read your tml and even interact :). Good to know. I am just really curious as I am following few who wont


 jo photoshop a idealne jeste nejaky moudre citaty pod to, to je kapitola sama pro sebe


 Hey, would you change your profile pic please :)


 het ortsy fo ralaenedx ghmara llbe tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the story of alexander graham bell


lingohub Daily is out!  Stories via   


heart-to-heart say for sure he will understand, you understand?   Bgdikaaa (_'!l) lovenya suspenddd bang=))RT


 gotta say, i fell in love with the Galaxy Gear, but it's too expensive and WAY too closed down.


"Guardians Of The Galaxy" is officially mine most anticipated movie of 2014!


 b'aww. I'm usually too busy to get bored lol or at least the cute korean chef is here to distract....only he's not here today :&lt;


Was out walking 4.00 km with  See it here:  The Economist. With a sonic hard drive. "Strange but great."


 , ! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 29 others)  look me in the eye, feel the connection but you can't say hello anymore


I've harvested 670 of food!    


Drink'in In The Snow from  0,3%ABV !!! Best low alcohol beer in my life. Amazing!  [lyverbe hls,li 09021] (1990) Erick Weiss, p:college c:USA poin: 20


Believe or not, it's my very first Instagram photo AND Starbucks coffee! Ever.  Starbucks  It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


WRAPUP 1-US genetically modified wheat stokes fears, Japan cancels tender | Reuters  a school project interferes with Walking Dead tonight! Huummmfff :/


what a stupidity... what comes next? 
an order that blind people MUST be hired as BA pilots on the basis of...  today. Saw a survivor of the camp. A great reminder of the brutality of humans. Let's never repeat that madness again.


 do you have any template project for xcode? Last time I tried to compile unity example it didn't work.


I've collected 11,245 gold coins!    


 PTI is not a political party rather  a mob of confused people :-)


Me and music. My life would be pointless without MUSIC!!! Only thing I really need in my life for my mind and spirit. 


Anyone know if the school would be open today or tomorrow?


 tell her she or he's way too adorable (**but her looking at you like that tss..


Oh, really? I just get through whole lection! *pump fist*  OK, let's give me some reward ^-^


 Saturday ticketholders (..) tickets to our 50th episode screening I am so very happy, I have two tickets! 


Doctor Oz really helped me to get where I am today  completed a 2.33 km walk with  Check it out!  


  This makes me so angry! There is also one of tesco oven as 'girl toy' but chemistry set as 'boy'  a relaxing bath while listening a SYSK podcast about lethal injections. Sublime.


 Jws inner polar, size L. Minat? 2A908338 grab it fast   in Prague!! So happy to be spending it with alanamaccabe!!!   diealcm dctetivese tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: medical detectives


 you can surely create develop branch without resorting to git-flow, can't you?


  yeah ur right i just want her out bfr da finals to prove salman wrong thats it


Any tips for cross-domain conversion tracking with  and 


 [mlirace ni eht ainr] (1956) William Gargan, p:miracle c:USA poin: 19


when mob , the crew &amp; punchie  performed &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; me &amp; my niggas had that bitch turnt!!


" British actor Lewis Collins, who played Bodie in The Professionals, has died aged 67, his agent says" :-(


 pls answer my question! to which song of yours to my dance group and I dance?


"Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?" - Danielle LaPorte (via...  Holidays to all my twitter buds....may this season bring you much joy and happiness. And may all our dreams come true in 2014!


 Yes. *breathes out heavily, laying her head on his shoulder*


 Do you know Lawrence Tarpey?  He's the singer I think.  He's a painter in Lexington


             Music Club DOMA  you for your support | Amnesty International  D-Line &amp; Summa Brothers in a Tour Sound Experience  maybe you misread me, this is definitely an important step in the right direction, 100% agree with your concept!


Just wrote a song. Gotta work it out in California. If any hard rock, metal band is seeking down San Diego, let's meet in january. 


O Allah, allow us to pass away with sound faith, (faithful to) the Book and the Sunnah, and in a state in which You are pleased with us.


The representative of the Republic of Honduras is ready! Two days left! :)

HamMUN is calling! NAM rocks!       i have it i meant i hope itll really work :-)


Tadi lagu Ride - Lana del rey tgh on air. Customer tu " Omg i love this song "


sudoku = Sudocrem
septobox = set top box
prcle = pecle



Kristen Wiig Plays Awkward Von Trapp Child in 'Sound of Music' Parody  For Special Needs Children, with SFORZANDO MUSIC CORNER  (at Hotel TS Suites)   asi vydala nejaky novy patche :DD          song!   Eyes on Fire - Zeds Dead RMX  Blue Foundation  


It's a shame that most of the time only simplified version of this graph are shown during trainings.   Babine sockeye fishery at risk of unprecedented closure
 It's for fun, there is no real porn here, geez


Asthma and sinusitis:     


The Castle         down the street I see this guy looking like a boss."  Hi, is there a way to claim miles operated by OK and SU? The form seems to accept Delta-issued tickets only.Thanks, Vit


I have Forester`s Hut on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


37  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


icflix won Editors choice award - the best online platform of the year 2013
  hair is now in the fella shrine. Aka mintys bellybutton 


 Jawaban benar: superman vs. the gorilla gang,  29/91232 poin


ML 2.4  POLAND: MagnitudeML 2.4RegionPOLANDDate time2014-01-02   23:31:13.0 UTCLocation51.46 N ; 16.20...  Yeah :) Thank you! Good to meet you! Best wishes from Dresden!


 iysm follow me please! You are my everythig please !!


I have spent the past 3 Christmases in a deep state of depression. This year I am really working on leaving my past behind me.


Moc zajmav!  Understanding the Tony Parker quenelle controversy, by    too mainstream. My faves are Air Force 1 or Lunar Force 1 or P-Rods


 Thanks Ben, glad you like it. My first theme. If it's on the Garden can it be sold anywhere else? 


things I like: knee-length to long coats on skinny dudes. 


  Salty is close. Or it simply just hurts you when you see the other one with someone else and you wish to kidnap them :D


 doaqroun tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: quadroon


The Day I Stopped Saying 'Hurry Up' | Rachel Macy Stafford  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 20.81C ac foris 0.63C vre esse.


  the black and white fits perfectly to this place :-) I like that old fashioned clocks at the ceiling :-)


I added a video to a  playlist  Justin Bieber - PYD (Audio)


Thomas Zipp at SVIT in Prague ,, great show, dont miss, very theatrical, melancholy and plants, and pigs in a pen


Wed, 18 Dec 2013, let us all send Rachel Griffiths the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (45)


Catching up on  Did you watch it?   vrunda s moray the sexy fuddi from pune i want smone handle her properly  looking like an actress


Thank u  it was a pleasure    habe ein  von  positiv bewertet:  Xbox One Upload Studio Walkthrough (Video Capture &amp;


 A Happy New Year Tom I hope you'll play again in many good movies this year. You make each film awesome, especially as Loki.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.19C, Marc 22.06C ac foris 4.5C vre esse.


They're having so much fun hiding in the apartment that we'll have to drag them out to explore the  astronomical clock - it was off by 42 seconds... ;)  Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock  needs a real revival based on industrial reflation and social policy! 


Lb se mi video   Friday Qualifying, Val di Sole World Cup 2013 - Handlebar Steve


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 35


Many of you may be emotionally charged today. In many ways this is...More  LOVE Scope here  new favorite: Asan Skat aka Dj JP4 &amp; Jean Demeo - The sound Of Our Island : Symbiose II by Asan Skat aka DJ JP4   woow ale woow to woow wkurwia woow i woow to woow gupie woow


I lost 3 followers recently and i know who they are thanks to  se mi video  od autora   Taylor Swift - "22" PARODY


 performing  at the Royal Variety Performance tonight!   From ACDC to SAW?? Urgh. But the rest of your music is excellent, so you're forgiven (by the powers invested in me *muahaha*)


Mum's vivaciously humming along to One Direction this is what I've always wanted


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  Christmas and Happy New Year from McGee's Ghost Tours of Prague team.  it's more about composition and angle than camera :) and it seems that you got an eye for shooting nice pictures!


Me too RT " I only date boys with a big and fat dick"


 Always my friend. And thank you too. Have a nice monday :)


NEW Wrestling: NEW Showdown 3:  via   


  naaah i will be good in a few days, guessing from previous experiences :-)


The worst part of living in dorm is shared fridge...cause sometimes it smells like stinky feet in it...


Peter Pan collar Handmade black felt, Preciosa beads, beaded necklace. Women's clothing   


Christmas in India -- Christmas Around the World -- whychristmas?com  expresses "disgust" with Ukrainian authorities.  RT  That moment bila ada laki hot follow kau and kau cm excited pastu nampak dia retweet  .


Ooooops i should go home not sit here getting emo on twitter bye TAT


My Top 3  Artists: Radiohead (48), Mount Kimbie (22) &amp; Kavinsky (20)   great to hear from you so next year please please some nicer t-shirt designs for his representation matches!! :)


tired  Antoine spotted with the   607 in black/gold   Takove mam tricko. A jeste je tam Friday Evening ;-)


One more Taken while driving...   Lucky man, share some picture! Prague's foggy smoggy! ;-)  tracking technologies like  help elderly people stay out from hospitals and decrease costs   Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


 I hear you're in Prague right now. Is Rene there too?


Great draw for Orient today - I want to see The O's promoted not just for  but for The Birkbeck Tavern too  


F000 (fef nolplu..) | periodo is F800 16uma tempo 21:45ut  Jawaban benar: dream of a rarebit fiend,  24/54241 poin


 Just ... a little ... closer ... *reaches for the golden snitch*


Abnormal twitter. Gumagalaw following ko wala man ako ginagawa O.o


S/o to the family my bro  remember like yesterday moms cooking man oh man talk about food coma haha


The Voice of Germany: Wie wohnen die Talente? | taff:  via    


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               191


 Well, in their defense it does appear every kid that can use a botnet has been targeting them this week.


Prace, crossfit, Sedmicka. Ale nejradsi bych si zdrimla.


 was last year I think haha wow she looks really great :) x


   for   engineers         :)


Sad monday. Two bad news. One death and one almost death. Different cases. That sucks!


 envoy killed in Prague blast deemed by authorities an accident  hell !RT  A map of the 22 countries Britain hasn't invaded  the water should be warm in every single game, not just in the waves one!


The most three important things you must say to yourself: YES, I CAN! 


Look at Habla si puedes in polish  :* ( live on  wow, havent heard about that one yet. sounds cool.


Microsoft's FAT patent finally struck down in EU due to prior art from Linus Torvalds.   suddenly becomes an incomprehensible Toriyama FF plot. That's kinda incredible in its own right. Also, awful.


need. transportation. somebody. get. me. a. tricycle.


OEF Europe 2014 News: Technical massacre, death metal heroes from Malta!!! BEHEADED!!!   elevated to a religion in  court ruling over right to marry
 Universe: Infinite is gorgeous. And fun. Platforming + shmup = YES. Buy it.  got wild staring eyes, 
I've got a strong urge to fly, 
But I've got nowhere to fly to.


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  PYTHON LEE JACKSON  LP In a broken dream 1972  In a broken dream


I see what you do there  Was bringt Ferngesehn auf YouTube nochmal, ach ja genau!  omg it's not-yet-hatched Rhaegal!! I want one too :))  


 re-watching total divas &amp; in tears over Gizmo being put to sleep. He was such a good &amp; beautiful puss! I know your pain


Sir John Tavener: last words on Radio 4: Sir John Tavener, one of our most distinguished composers, has died a...  always asks us why we come home so early and I always tell him the same reason he said y'all don't have a specific time to be home


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:53, noon 11:57,  16:00 CET (UTC+1), December 13 | daylength 8h 8m


Lets Play Together Sim City 5  In fremden Stdten [DEUTSCH] [HD]:  ber 


Nicked all his smurfs? Broke his action man? 

John is 235728% done with your shit Mycroft


44 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Now is that time again when I'm telling you about my great, clear future.


" Chicago's deep freeze captured from above   o.O


Moderate Syrians now stand no chance of defeating Assad: The depressing news that Britain and the US have been...  Top 3  Artists: Butthole Surfers (10), David Bowie (8) &amp; TV on the Radio (8)   omg you have to see the little girl picture on that google map acc when she fell off her bike. I can't actually breathe!!!


14:17 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/ST-070 (Horka, 443m, 1pt) 24.9057 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=23 dB at 5B4AGN {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 [ppuki-c] (1933) Gail Patrick, p:swindle c:USA poin: 7


Nagellack: &amp;ldquo;Lacura Quick Gloss Topcoat Nr. 803&amp;rdquo; -  via 


He who grasps too much holds nothing fast. - Italian Proverb


People living deeply have no fear of death.   Anas Nin


ahhh I just started watching ep14 of The Heirs and I'm already about to start crying


 HM 
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM 
HM


I've collected 19,799 gold coins!    


 ha tahu pun. Company tu ada lebih 6 brand dia pgg. This month ramai gila quit. If x dpt bonus gak. Ramai nak quit.


"As I have said before I love all of the ships surrounding Emma: swanfire, captainswan, and swanqueen" feliz ano novo


If you even dream of beating me, youd better wake up and apologize. Muhammad Ali


28  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Norway &amp; Canada share radio course reports &amp; were 1-2 2day. Jan Hudec"To share sensitive info between nations is unheard of in prof. sports"


   just realised I'm not sleeping in a proper bed till Thursday. Ugh. Kick me in the face...


GiveawayWin the Spiral of Bliss trilogy by   at  today!!    then you can forbetter your english. Give them a beer too or a scotch and keep them in the dungeon! Cheers and enjoy!


Come and meet fellow members and friends of the Prague coworking community. Hope to see you there ;)  Delivery Services Try to Win the Holiday Shopping Season  Ehm...I guess I don't understand, what is so funny...again :-p


 It`s almost the best sampler for years and i really admire Alisons sensual tactile voice. Do we meet at next gig in DE? ^^


     ohhh u shoping maniac (or food maniac lol) never had turkey, its not


 hahaha, we'll that wasn't what I was talking about, but yeah that's hard too


 just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day  7


 Jawaban benar: scenes from a mall,  18/334268 poin


to com uma vontade de usar o user stylesdirtbag  one direction


towards civil war two years after Gaddafi's murder  (2/2)


98 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Latest News about Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and much more...

Please visit  Some entities got banned for 3 days, so everyone went to other TS so they could talk.


Huwag mo ipagyabang sakin yan curly braces mo.. Lilipad yan gilagid mo sakin..


Our  video reached almost 50.000 views! Good job team!  I was out of line for two days. It's like jetlag or so. Promised myself I won't drink more then three cups of coffee a day.


 I was in vienna and it was sooo awsooommee *--* ane i stole looh glitter  which do you prefer "Merry Christmas" or Happy Holidays, I'm really curious Fav for Christmas or comment for Happy Holidays 


Im going to "re:publica 2014"! Whos joining?  via 


Handshake is outdated. It would make more sense for us to intertwine almost any other part of our body with strangers  seas are calm today, you have a gentle wind in your sails ... More for Aries  got Final Cut Pro back on my laptop!!!! my life is complete again... 


 I don't know, you'd have to ask that to the original poster on  ;-)


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


Crabtree the difference maker, but you always wonder when will Boldin strike.


 Yahu kardeim 60 binden fazla tweet atmm sen aratrmadan bahsediyorsun..


Royal Roe Deer with Chef Honza Kaplan and Chef Grant Jones 
Srna po krlovsku chutn opravdu krlovsky  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  we have is a great love. It's complicated. Intense. All-consuming. No matter what we do and how much we fight, it'll always pull us in.


Such a lovely green outfit  is wearing tonight. Wont be able to concentrate on a single question.  


A Ukrainian Uprising Fueled by Outrage (and Salted Pork Fat), via    Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Best day EVER! Thx  for your music! I've never been so PUMPED while Christmas-shopping in my life!  


Join us for Sepang MotoGP Test 4-6 Feb. Bikes, riders, up close with  and  VIP 5* 3nt tour:  hello guys! Massive thank you for...your existence :D Czech republic loves you!!! xx


 jaja we r neighboring:D "El Salvador" !!! i don't know what is that:(


I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "ter: CHANEL, YSL, DIOR A CELINE, od 4249 K/154,90 "  hair done by the amazing hair team :)   morning from Germany          


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Tenho aula de fsica agr The Walking Dead  


Kendrick Lamar going to S.A in February...Wat about Zim???


  BPR, BSC, TQM, all are reform tools in public sector. z point is  there is no consistency to implement them!


 huh rough? What thing rough? Idk anything man. Haha.


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?    54


 draws a straight line btw Obama  snug and possible Khodorkovsky release:  collected 382 gold coins!    


New Moleskine diary - let the 2014 begin!   was right! You can fix everything with Scotch tape. 


 hi jai. It'd mean the world to me when you follow me   34


Thanks for sharing my presentation  I really appreciate it! Martina


it's one thing being charmed by a Doctor played by an actor you don't know &amp; have a Doctor whose fan you'd been for a while. that will hurt.


 Pwede virtual nalang? Hahaha! Share tas akong g.luto gabii ga shrimps. Lami bitaw keu. :))


        te amoooo &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3


I just wanna say, that I'm so proud of you guys! -&gt; One Direction!    the second we are born we start dying, so this isn't life, it's death


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


 Right...I'll consult Lucky Eric about dates, think he's on call soon :-( and get back to you!!! Canny wait pet! Xxx


A wave of uncertainty grows stronger and may dissuade you from... More for Scorpio  control of cameras, plasma surface modification, untracable radar or new web apps. That's  Lite today, baby.


 I'm going to like very single tweet of yours today :D


 It'd be cool if you stopped trying to speak to me because I have nothing to say to you 


I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it.-Marilyn Monroe


 is it good enough as the podcast intro (We still need music for it though)


   1. You fired first. 2. Don't be so sensitive


24  Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


Just completed a 12.47 km run - Vbrnice, E5:45  


 [relyb haamrk:m a hosdaw no het nsu] (1988) Alix Dayken c:USA poin: 34


Me getting sacked in football manager has become a regular thing for me


  ya but not last night's since the voting process was already over then.


Who ever goes to Siem Reap - take a break from  for a while and visit  Enjoy a great show and support a good cause too!


2nd Scottish band to play Prague within a week... this is Primal Scream...  Lucerna Music Bar  i dont see anything wrong with 'degrading ourselves to fit in the society'. Thats what we call classy with humbleness.


And I am feeling so small
It was over my head
I know nothing at all


   - aged 2040, and of Czech, Hungarian, Polish or Slovak nationality...


 [sseui q] (1996) Wally Marsh, p:ghost c:USA poin: 7


How Terminator should end:  - I would so love to watch this movie


New Job: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Constantly, boy you played through my mind like a  Love You Like a Love Song by Selena Gomez &amp; The Scene   was about to do my epitaph tapos yes walang pasok  


zmir'liyi kandrmak iin balk yemek de yetmez..zmir'liyi Kasmpaa'l m sandnz ahmaklar


 [olnadd dan hte leewh] (1961) Thurl Ravenscroft, p:wheel c:USA poin: 20


I curated a Startups &amp; Angels custom timeline. What do you think?    Nice move to simplify curation!


 D: bu yao sad. i'll link you immediately when the vids are out okay!!


lil-duckling: Yixing is too nice for his own good.  that great story of the season penned back in the 1840 to the kids tonight.  Caedon remarked that...  ser ruim pra esse povo da minha sala reprovar justo no terceiro ano KKKK The Walking Dead  


Lose weight, cut bodyfat and put a stop to fat production right away  jooooooo dyt to je mega dlouho ale :D a tohle si absolutne nepamatuju :D


SEOmaty, seo testery aanalyztory byly, jsou abudouzlo  Left Rights- LITTLE HARD ON'S (Official Music Video):  via  DAFUQ DID I JUST WATCH?!


 no experience in that field, I'll just agree.


Just completed a 1.06 km walk with  Check it out!  


Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.


Neu auf Gotv - be part of it: Posthof-Clip 1/2014 mit I-Wolf &amp; The Chainreactions am 16.1., Caged Animals am...  admittedly the novel is for people who like schizoid experimental scifi with a smattering of bizarre sex .. very 70s


Her lips are like the galaxy's edge... Probably best lyric ever


Just woke up and realized that I haven't taken a bath yet  


So so an emot bahagia dah lu kak,mblo mbloRT   gafafa :D


I don't care what other people think, but I never stop believing in Larry..  :'33 x48


Great review for  - 'It was great to prepare our own main dish. An awesome experi...' -  n Oscar Would like to wish all the BEST for xams!!  here is my lil man, isnt he cute?     RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


 ay di naman.hahaha! na try ko na eh.. after ng 24hrs noodles tapos back to normal na.


wow i recognised that monkey face dancer for jun. k lmaoooooo sorry.


I believe in second chances , but not everyone deserves one


The only reason i'm confused is the white taskline. Proud of the background past me put on my dad's comp  como visto Friends (1994) - 1x15 - The One With The Stoned Guy  


I liked a  video  Nvody | Jak nezbalit holku v minecraftu | HD


"Hey Griswald where are you going to put a tree that big?" "Bend over and Ill show ya"


Just posted a photo  Nrodn muzeum | National Museum  Top 3  Artists: Ennio Morricone (31), Ilan Eshkeri (22) &amp; David Arnold &amp; Michael Price (19)         what is this time what they told (your fav newspaper ;) haha sry i am cheeky but its xmas


"More China-based handset vendors to launch wearable smart devices" -  I don't think, that someone judges you thanks Team America ;)


Smart Announces Smart Amp - cloud collaboration with Google  Tips &amp; Advice is now available on Amazon!     


  Kanye West - Black skinhead . Nejvt vl z Yeezus. I kdy keep it 300 like the romans je piovina jak vrata :)


 Jawaban benar: my darling clementine,  21/375412 poin


And if you ever get to my house I'm locking the doors.


Marquei como visto Baby Daddy - 2x11 - Whatever Lola Wants  


was watching ep2&amp;3 of master sun at work today and omG MYUNGSOO IS SO HANDSOMEEEEEEE


Podoba mi si film Coldplay - Clocks (Live 2012 - Stade de France, Paris) w     The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Why do I  12 hours a day? Something's wrong, really.. 


I have Bench on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


   muzeme to nazvat silne nestandardni situaci? A pokud neni ucet nabourany, proc se nevyjadril k Mandelovi?


I just voted for my lady:  Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


Happy Sunday y'all !

May your life geometry follow the shape of your dreams and aspirations. [Credit:  :)) RT  . waves to fans as he arrives to the tennis centre   


 Jawaban benar: anak duyung,  11/370747 poin  1/2932 poin


Lil down about the 227K Vpps left in 2 weeks for   Skipping 10K HR and done playing live for 2013 


Caught Between Immigration Law and Time Zones, Developer Loses Job  Expres radioshow RIGHT NOW   VERY SOON INTERVIEW WITH  STRAUIGHT OUTTA JAMAICA !!!


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


 And you think you have your shit together by driving while drunk? you're a very sad person..


Today stats: No new followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  god there's the  concert on friday. I really need this.


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kjdksa


 Looks neat and clean, that's what  was made for


 Jawaban benar: frankenstein must be destroyed,  30/3915 poin


just sent out newsletter/interview w     ; here the blog  liked a  video  Hollywoods History of Faking It | The Evolution of Greenscreen Compositing


PFTC co-founder talks about the theatre/film community.  ;)   Ok guys, I'll take your word for it ;-) See if the fix I made solves the issue!


I have Ancient Bar on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


netaudionews: Blastculture - Up For A Bit With...   


 *burns the weight on my shoulders with hellflames* there no more agony


 Central server for media or metadata? XBMC is a local program storing it's own database and meta stuff, right.


I earned 100.0% in Computational Investing, Part I on   


Periodic reminder: Open source moves fast. Take the time to update your project's dependencies every so often.


 good morning for you. Have great day. ;-);-) greeting from germany;-);-)


Don't like/snippet by FlashoneBEATs/DBG/ via    check this beat from yesterday


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               385


Smoooooth!

      Praha | Prague  [shit is ton na txei] (2006) Matt Livingston, p:bar c:USA poin: 19


 and a great vibe. And beer. Lots of beer. Beer. Beery goodness.


so Five sacrificed himself for a girl he didn't really know that well, but Eight took his regeneration to a whole other level.


 well actually no, that's twitter "accurate" location,I'm from Czech Republic. And he's been to Berlin recently and it makes me sad.


Don't forget to do the proper Xmas cleaning.     Reggie kinda wanted to say "off course" to Metroid...so...maybeeee...?


"Merry Christmas! 107 years ago tonight, Americans heard the worlds first-ever radio show" -   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Bravo! Bangalore: This brave ATM guard grabs machete from robbers, hits one of them  person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  first step to being powerful - start talking to yourself as you would to anybody   else  shit chillin ite call me in 5 but u dont kno when u leavin


We are very proud to have been awarded as "The best innovations - hotel website" from Bookassist, leader company...   wow good view with beautiful couple. I wish you 4 next year 2014 good luck &amp; all the best.   there should be Guybrush Threepwood sitting on it.


To the assholes at the store who whistled at me, I'm a human being, not a fucking dog.


I like to pretend that Misfits ended after Season 3.


 Will be mine come spring. Who's riding?  firstu you take one i take one and then we talku  all closed at the  after a successful day! Join us tomorrow at 10am local time for another Space Day!


Zmek Lednice, Castle of Lednice city      unrest: VBMP claims 161 extra-judicial killings in 2013
 don't realise how much you miss your own bed until you've stayed away from it for a long time!     


Laughtrip mga pictures namin dati puta hahahhhahahahaahahah


 [rteu to eht rmya] (1942) Joseph Crehan, p:witness c:USA poin: 16


 [kbca ot sianob] (2005), p:community c:USA poin: 14


wow, apparently Deutsche Telekom's network is quite the piece of art...


When someone is having a bad day, be silent, sit close by and nuzzle them gently.


I've collected 13,953 gold coins!    


Vote to keep our special man  on the show, please!!   Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


Google Maps for iOS Gets Flight, Hotel Reservations  ci :) Happybirthday kilaaaaa;) Godblessyou!:D 


 CLF do not follow so closely, hmm seeing nice base +golden cross...


 Same. *sigh* You see...they didn't do it...they ignored it...they didn't care ._.


 What an angel !  Diego ! God bless him !   or Tzeen(tch)is? Changer of letters strikes again!  is in the air!  Oh fingers crossed for you! Good luck with all exams. Im sure youll pass them :)


Mom Twerk. Love it RT " You know your mother's ghetto when this randomly happens  NORDIC - RACE CODE: Slovenians start with a World Cup victory into the winter  and your bird just starts chirping up a storm don't it?


EZ has entered the   structural reform debate:  Calling for more flexibility.


Me and jaiden are learning more about Ben rn he so quite


And all you touch, and all you see, is all your life will ever be.


Just voted ONE OK ROCK as Favorite artist/band   


 please be my 1/5!!! It would mean everything to me! 


  kdo v, jestli se k tomu vbec dostanu... :) J te tu ClojureScript: Up and Running a Programming Clojure.


    Reba has all my respect, but she's more sexy in her 58 than others in 30! So what?


Seven tips for asthma management:    


CES used to be like Christmas-instead of presents we got our fair share of revolutionary news. Today, we get all the info up front: BORING!


Thanks,  for your diagrams, inspiration for  Czech ones on tax RT   taught me to be happy with the little that we had.


Hate making tough decisions! :( not going to see placebo in essen. My mum comes first, always &lt;3


Heslo pro tento den: No matter what you post, trolls be trollin.

 friends, counting down to my trip to Bucharest, starting on Wednesday. I will be there five days. Hope to meet up! 


 praying na sana yung pumalit much better. Pero mukha naman.:)


 You are doing the heavy lifting. Keep your head down, man.


Tonight I left the window open and this morning, there were dew droplets on my phone.

I was JOKING.


Tdenn pehled 18.11. - 24.11.2013 :: Led apple Czech Fansite  via 


  You did a wonderful Job with  You two look really good together.


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Good morning. Current condition is Partial Fog and the temperature is -7 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at December 04, 2013 at 07:43A...


How to Burst the "Filter Bubble" that Protects Us from Opposing Views  stechy       i wouldn't even mind if they didn't :D i just really wanna see them in Vienna again :D


 i'll get something better next time ;; you have to show me a photo after you have the nailpolish on :')


   teyzecigim sizin yasinizdakiler yatsiyi kilip coktaan yatti sizin burda ne isiniz var


 Rooney blah blah legend, Januzaj blah blah United great, Valencia blah blah excellent, Kagawa blah blah who?


Anime completed: Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae wo Bokutachi wa Mada Shiranai (  ) 


Photoset: adriofthedead: Okay, I realize this hilariously late for Asexuality Awareness Week (which was...  Tech Site 'Re/code' Partners With NBC and Former Yahoo CEO  dipikir pikir ngapain gua stuck, yang ada ngebatin


i could drink this apple-cinnamon tea for the rest of my life it's just so incredibly good


Could not be more excited and thankful that my B is going to be in London with me in one week!!!!!  


41  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


say it ain't so
i will not go
turn the lights off
carry me home


Learning Czech - My introduction to the Czech language was a little terrifying. I arrived in class, coffee...  Assaidi makes his second start.   ;)


back then, I once really mad,, when they didn't publish anything bout his 3 muskteers 1st perf.. i get used to it.. and then he, himself...


So I met that Engeneering hottie again...he gave me "the nod and sexy smile"   ( HTW Dresden)    Subscribers 2,742; 2,258 till 5,000 projected on 3/02 2016        awas pi mu cemburu/?


My Top 3  Artists: Girl Talk (5), Bee Gees (4) &amp; Neon Indian (4)  person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  you heard POOKIE ~ She Loves To Play by POOKIE  on   Pyca u Holica Spinava Rit a Chlpata Mindza !!!!! PRO JA NESPIM !!! FUCK OFF MotherFucker bych se nejradi Zabil


Hey baby I love you  and always thinking of you.   -Wifey  


I was so tired I sleep now, good night, sweet dreams!!! So bad!     fi uyo ees ,ogd tlle ihm tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: if you see god, tell him


I like that and made it today! :)) "  Try this:  friend completed five years at Apple and this is what s/he got from the CEO. Hand signed, framed with a stand.  you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm acne  


 [trosyemsiu joenyusr] (2002) Evan Jonigkeit, p:al-capone c:USA poin: 19


 you too.mm its a family thing. hope u get some sleep


Aduu cengkyuw manies ;* ayo rek sby RT   ayune foto twittermuu :*


   They said (in Czech news) that Pavelec won't start tomorrow. 


 [vrier fo ysertym] (1971) Edmond O'Brien, p:brazil c:USA poin: 16


If someone says "My name is *unusual name*" - is it impolite to answer with "What? Why?"


Ich habe ein  von  positiv bewertet:  Portrait Britney Spears - Speed drawing &amp; painting |


 season today start! At 6:00pm start qualification round in Klinghental. 


 in some classrooms :) but on Monday there's only one...but the first!!! :3 :DD


The world is a different place now cause of him. We shall never forget the legend. RIP Madiba


" Idk what I would do with out coffee " Vos 


 I suppose one's awareness of how politics affects one's life just grows with the years. It's terrible :(


 Great guy! He gave my daughter a drumstick in Munich! Justin, say Thanks from us!


Creds to  for braving that concert haha that had me dying


New Twitter Ads: "More relevant ads with tailored audiences" 
 similarly, i struggle to call my paintings paintings.. Just doesnt feel accurate...


I did not know we were going to have dinner with my family thank god i like to casually dress classy or i could've ended up like a hobo


If someone hates you for no reason  Give them A valid one !!


Obligatory tourist shot.  Karlv most | Charles Bridge  I'm being stalked! Seriously, thanks Pete. Very encouraging. Sounds like a good discussion. Room in the church for all sorts


  Lola Stars and Stripes by The Stills (at Dianti Catering Company)   Hanging Fruit of Social Media: 12 Quick Changes That Will Make Big Results  via 


3D printing hype overdone, says Nomura's Kim  


esk muzeum hudby zskalo od serveru TripAdvisor prestin ocenn Travellers Choice2013   
 condom prices not reasonable enough for yo bs. Go watch porn.


 [ad civin clssideidefa] (2005) Stuart Beattie, p:holy-grail c:USA poin: 21


  Strange ... 50-100 downloads but 440 +1 recommendations on G+ :-o


  that could be a chance, but they are in the title race.. we will definitely buy someone :))


  I hope you are champion in your country. What was your best moment in the  Enjoy  


Charles De Gaulle~ How can you govern a country which has varieties of cheese


This woman just ordered her steak "very very very well-done". I am about to cry. She doesn't deserve to eat meat.


More than 20 spots available on   2014  Up 'America' In Pakistan's Tribal Areas  via 


 rumour has it, they are really soft.....There was a guy in brookie who did me favours in exchnge for a pinch...it was that bad!


Odds on the Czech Republic and Pavel Vrba reaching Euro 2016?  go 1.50. Very optimistic and premature!


Have a blessed and peaceful Christmas season filled with pleasant conversations and joy filled moments with those you love.


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


I'm sick of everything and everyone and just ugh can you not ok bye


 My pleasure!&lt;3 
Im okay &amp; I survived the clear out!;-) *lol* 
How are you?:-)


  or maybe uve Delorian 8-) and u knew that there is no traffic light


There's a disturbing reason the  resonates with audiences.   via  


Vanilla, strawberry, knickerbocker glory....    via 


 [eth ftoehrdga] (1972) James Caan, p:wedding c:USA poin: 13


 Sure. And you can also sit in a tiny rocket ship so you'll become a 'Super-galactic space lizard wizard'. Right?


5 Facts About Thanksgiving Food That Will Make You Barf  - I DON'T LIKE (REMIX) FT. SLICKMAN, RICO &amp; JENDOR - OFFICIAL VIDEO:    


Apple to sell iPhones through worlds biggest carrier China Mobile
 Media Planner in Prague, Czech Republic  


 rest in piece! he will be with you forever, I know it.


My Top 3  Artists: Crystal Castles (30), Comadre (26) &amp; Grimes (26)  and then the book kind of thing where are EXO-K photos and where was a thing  for some signing or something and there was also


" Kinda want to go to the Air station..." hmm take me with you


  that's probably the longest hug in history!


i don't think i will ever meet someone who i would be able to spend the rest of my life with


 idk I missed like a week before the prom already it just had to catch me like that stupid flu.. and I wanted to wish him but


News: LEGION OF THE DAMNED - Video zum Song Mountain Wolves Under A Crescent Moon online :  night alwayz nice 
Blessed up ma' FB Family 
TGIF


I DARE YOU TO VOTE for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


        lInstitut Cervantes de Praga, del 27 de mar al 8 de maig de 2014, sexhibir la mostra Joan Miro's Printmaking Workshops.


Semasa berada di wad bersalin HUSM, saya pernah menceritakan tentang betapa cergasnya saya bertawaf mengelilingi...  sell a lot of banners (selling all of them would be the best), hopefully you'll get to stand somewhere near or you won't stand by


you have so many girls liking you 
i might not know if you say the same thing to me like you said to them


Last working day in this year. Just can't believe it!


oh and happy sunday morning (no work today wooohooooooooooo)


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 4 JAN, Song  BIG MAMA THORTON  LP Live 1965  Hound dog


I love to rewatch some classics from time to time. Moby Dick tonight


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Empfohlen aus der TV Spielfilm iPhone App:
heute | 02:00-02:25 | Comedy Central Community 
 mz way to se mr  in about 90 minutes :-)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))


 defence is a joke. Reimer is not a problem Mr. Carlyle  


iPad Mini With Retina Display Found To Display Less Colors Than iPad Air   Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Photo: (via heatherbianchi032 Heather Bianchi |   fireplace next to a nice big spa bath tub... so relaxing!  episode updated: Magi: The Kingdom of Magic  9 (  ) 


 almost everything is now correct except achievements from last 3 days. I am missing them on mobile app and also on web. Thanks


I'd wear that! RT  A Christmas of despair, brought to you by   review for  - 'Excellent party concept, venue, music and ambient. Good food...' -  person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  I don't know sorry =/ I think you can watch it online.


 you must be more than desperate to drink that stuff!


After Hayden said my chapstick smells like fruity pebbles, that's literally all I think of when I put it on.


 lporcao tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: carpool


Just posted a photo  Malostransk mosteck ve | Lesser Town Bridge Towers  hour left till the 1st part of The End of Time. I'm so timey wimey-ed right now thanks to the last weekend (+listening to 8th)...


 [no teh yaw eohm] (1992) Kara Margetts, p:baptism c:USA poin: 15


 and Edinburgh is between those cities too! :-)  sometimes freezing from the documentaries of Russian filmmaker VITALY MANKSKY - and not only because of Siberia. RETROSPECTIVE NOW!


 I know you'll never see this like ever but I think it's time for u to follow me ilysm


Award-winning beer enthusiast. Music practitioner. Lifelong pop culture fanatic. Baconaholic


Thanks Daphna Laurens to feature our first OKOLO issue on their Lookshelf.  [teh cehasr] (1938) Irving Bacon, p:deception c:USA poin: 10


The Co-operative Funeralcare's poll revealed the songs most people choose for funerals. Thomas H Green takes us...  review for  - 'Fantastic!  We will be going back!' -  is gonna be like:
Still ugly
Still not talented
Still alone
Still dumb
Still not on 1M followers


Placing 5th at the Air&amp;Style in Beijing, Mathias Weissenbacher proofs he is ready for this important season. Good...  se mi video  od autora   Unconditionally- Katy Perry (cover) Megan Nicole and Jason


 I'm hungry for new episodes! When will they come?


Heinrich Heine~ Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.


 i thought he was in london? but that probs was only for christmas


 Since August 2012 I haven't read the word "film" correctly on the first try.


 tough one today. Thanks for the sound coverage. Hopefully the circle the wagons for the 


 love running, especially with your latest Nike Running app and Coach, so I will try, but its bit harder during the winter.. :)


Pen Perry (Official) Lost Soul, Mind Destruction (Mixtape 3)  can't work well if you have fear in your workplace.


Chuck Norris muscles in on Van Damme's splits gimmick   my friend, don't be stuck in a bad relationship for the wrong reasons!!!


Tdenn pehled 11.11. - 17.11.2013 :: Led apple Czech Fansite  via 


Mass production... mass consumption... this is our civilization...  Cannot wait either...Aly huge thanks for inspiring me in my career  !!!!


I can honestly say that media management in  10.1 is WAY better than before. Update to Mavericks totally worth it. Also, happy 2014!


I've collected 12,104 gold coins!    


"   oooooh, burrrrn!" uh baby!! Need lotion on that?


I don't know why I'm so surprised. She's butchered every acting job she's done.  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  did u notice  isn't much on twitter now?It means he's hard working like hell.Can't wait to see him in final WINNER!


Handmade  Moonstone Oval and 16k Gold Plated Brass Feather Pendant Earrings   


 please i need you to follow me is my dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Broadcast pro that cant get footage off Unity. 


 [caspe oobycsw] (2000) Alexander Kuznetsov, p:space c:Australia poin: 13


 [teh pnki ehaprnt 2] (2009) Lia Ochoa, p:inspector c:USA poin: 18


This Advanced iPad Stylus Could Make Tablet Writing a Lot Easier  Fair dos. Emphasis (on 20%) is very much 'long-term' and some serious geopolitics, including tapping Turkmen gas. 


Facts don't support climate-change-caused-typhoon-Haiyan. Strong typhoons declining 1950-10.   collected 20,587 gold coins!    


OEF Australia 2014 News: Italian Grind/Hatecore gods first time in Australia...   is there a guy standing in the cold in booty shorts


            is  ? My account is not available. Please try again later...


NTU Singapore holds first 3D printing festival  


Zdjcie: yogh-urt: holy fucking shit. I remember the first two pics and how jealous I was already and look...  new LNG terminal on track for completion in Dec. 2014. Gazprom weeps.  are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


 cold in eeveery way
And a bit tired
Rest is good
Thanks
How about you ?


Stastny a vesely... No fakt      Doma &lt;3    Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


  What? Me - insane??? You just wait till I get to Scotland one of these days! I'll show you how normal I am... :&gt;


Trying to become an internet celebrity? Visit this site to increase your popularity  it's 2 years since the great Vclav Havel has passed away. Always remember - Truth and love will overcome lies and hatred.


My fitbit  for 1/05/2014: 16,200 steps and 13.2 km traveled.  the doors of perception were cleansed, everything would appear to man as it is - Infinite.


 that comes in the shopping category but for real doe I want sweeties


   aw thank you :) I thought it differently :D you know... :D


 Yeah I am sure that only then you realize how fast the time goes:).


can't sleep - I'm to excited about the exam tomorrow -.-


Classic of the day  -  Atlantic vs Avatar: Fiji.   Absolute belter still...!


some new music - "Alina" - Microtrauma Remix, 
out now on Ryan Davis`s Klangwelt Label.
preview here:...  oh i have to finish all the articles and then i can watch the BTS's ._.


 yees! I loved seeing it every day, it's kinda sad it ends lol ;~; also can't believe how time flies ;;;


58  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Ron Costa - Mrr The Addict


 Happy B-day sweet girl&lt;3 whether you fulfill all your dreams !! Enjoy your big day:) xoxo


 thanks for the mention, Katherine!! Will you contribute?;-) let's hope so :D see you soon in  !!!


             schnbrunn  Tommorow -&gt; Nassfeld, Austria (with my lovely friends)*-*  a great way to start your morning off at work. Wine and coffee  kkkkkkkkkkk ta precisando msm pq ta muitooo alto hisshsahu temos orar por ele husahusahu


is it nic cage day or why is he in so many films today


 this account will not post anything related to any 2PM activities.. Just tell us, so it wont cause  misunderstanding


Wohooo!! RT   . got any ideas? December 21st SNL Do I?! Pshhh!! Ha! Man No, not really.


   I love u guys so hard!! U changed my whole life I wish i could be there or could meeting u :)


 [nahsgu am alni hnau] (1979) Tien-chi Cheng c:Hong Kong poin: 19


Bills -- Beyonce, arr. Stzka olcov - Canticorum Pilsen:  prostednictvm 


 Thank you. Have a nice day. And thank you too.


 Or the electric razor. I was using it for a few years and everything was fine. :D Damn, I'll have to buy a new one finally. :D


Or will it be Thomas Morgenstern, who is lurking behind?    A barrister???? What a failure! You'd think he'd know better. *facepalm*


 [jnian wsoirrar] (1985) John Grimmer, p:warrior c:USA poin: 14


Fascinating presentation on Evolvement of Commercial Imagery in Western World!  via   


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 aof:rrtsermns eenvreg fo eht flalen tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: transformers: revenge of the fallen


Lesenswert: The Only 4 Dimensions That Matter In Hiring (&amp; Why Youre Probably Evaluating Them Wrong)  knihy J. Harris, S. Withrow: Vector graphic and illustration, kterou napsala Martina Joachim:  I hope you're enjoying the Christmas holiday so far!


I swear polar bear cubs take it as their national sport to climb over their mums  also just witnessed a car crash. Shit. Luckily just a fender bender


 \o/. TO is breaking my heart when they push my fav siblings against each other, on the other hand, it is so good :D


WHAT THE HELL I suddenly had 6000 FPS in the GTA 4 main menu and my graphics card had errors o.o


Getting some good sleep seems impossible when I sleep alone.


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


29  Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


Uh-oh, something has happed to our video during the Adventure Gamers processing. I've reuploaded our section so...  x Mustaffa - Moje Party (Dr.Konig RMX):  pes  tohle je fakt pecka remix


It was our pleasure to have a lunch with  today. You are a great storyteller!  


Ran 4.5 kilometers in 25 mins. Jenom hodn krtce, povinnosti! Ale u dlouho jsem nevybhal takhle b...  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Hull~ He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.


 Oops. Busy shift, then, huh? Take a deep breath (when you're out in the wild again). You can do it. ;)


To forget and let go is impossible at this point 


"My parents and sibs keep pestering me for a Christmas list. As a professional in my late 20s:"  Yep, the general trend is not a friendly one.


Way out: Cultural flatrate with fair compensation &amp; re-examination of user rights  


  Who works in shops on Black Friday? Canadians? ;-)


Science Fiction Soviet Style, an essay by Donato Totaro  the  vs.  debate--just use one of them well! Here are 9 extensions that rock for Mercurial:  this  they are dighing crushed rocks in the  in the harbour of   traffic jam.. I want my laptop.. I need to spazzzing about these minjun feelss... *sobbing behind the wheel*


Global-WER News | A comprehensive, fully integrated marketing  syste  great post on why bitcoin may not be just a speculative bubble  Jawaban benar: the end of innocence,  20/366982 poin  1/4626 poin


kalo aku semok gak? '-' "SexSearch_RP:  [bebekiun] frontal, sering on, ngalong kalo bisa, be your self bias: yg semok, yg rt dah"


  my twitter needs to automatically block you on football Sundays THIS


Nice words about our app:) Thanks!  Great post by  with reviews of  apps  if my Bestfriend coming over tomorrow w| his greedy ass .


Chinese Investors Develop a Taste for Alternative Investments - EIN News (press release): Chinese Investors De...  Charles: 'Muslims Persecuting Christians'  you look gorgeous! Happy Thanksgiving Reba! Have fun with your family! Love from Europe!


Morning! Check it out -&gt;      new year to my fav couple  &amp;  Love to you and your kids xxx


I can still remember how like "20% cooler" was the first Brony made song that nearly everyone knew and still knows.


Mobile strategy is not possible without considering the overall mobile security as well. First step: read what it is!  [troeubl ni hte rai] (1948) Gerald Kent, p:country c:UK poin: 18


Swagger Jagger           morning at cet, -1 and rainy.. a great time for research.. pengangguran,ga ada kerja kcl kerja 


.   Subscribers 2,742; 258 till 3,000 projected on 3/01 2014  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Your chances of finding the houz are better without directions from her  


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 78


Made an editorial change in the  on my flight to Munich this morning.     
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         399


TOOX - Do It Yourself (Original Mix) [Trance Gold Records]  out running 10.82 km with  See it here:  collected 63,782 gold coins!    


Might aswell kill off these assignments later on today with my homie


I use  to save articles &amp; videos for later and I made it to the Top 5% of readers in 2013! See my   is the cover of the tape of "Chees'Ibiza Bitch Liveset" :...  feels e agora ashton feels mas que noite heim


Like.. The shorts I'm wearing. They just, fell to my feet. Is that weird


 teddies and stuff like that.. is there anything like that you like? unfortunately I wouldn't be able to bring you cast of


 Jawaban benar: sagwa, the chinese siamese cat,  30/331691 poin


for everbody buying our music in Digital or Vinyl &gt; there is now a free app for iOS and Android. Enjoy our music...  is so awesome. i can't believe I've found a person who perfectly understands me


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


Blzk vchod dnes jako z pohdky RT  The Blue Mosque, Istanbul, looking as beautiful as ever in the snow.  have completed the quest 'Build the first An...' in the  game The Tribez.   


stone-age people with minds so boxed, thinking like the holy inquisition is still in charge..


1 Peter 2:3     You have already tasted the goodness of the Lord.


  they do! see, this is what they must've both been missing terribly while sherlock was gone! and now they're back


This song from Dust: An Elysian Tail is amazing.  is in this cool music bundle.  free speech to inciting or promoting violence. In the name of Freedom - from fear of crime. RT  But restricting what (1/2)


 Dankeschn.

Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 



 I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I LOVE YOU TAY


 I think they need to get some EU certification first


 Sigourney Weaver? Or they comparing you to alien creature? Really? Lol


all this fear about Romanian and Bulgarian migrants, its a good time to revisit John Berger's classic Seventh Man  Those moments where it's just you two and nothing else matters. Those are the best."


 [het knrbe] (2008) Chris Wilson, p:birthday c:UK poin: 11


Keep calm and read your stats. 1 new follower and 0 unfollowers. Daily stats via  be telling me they be missing me at church but I cant help if I have too work almost every Sunday morning .


New day, new tweets, new stats. 1 new unfollower. Via good old  wait for these guys!! Hope you will rock it!      as much as possible today, especially since you may... More for Gemini  [aiunts s:operw hte syp owh esagdgh em] (1999) Jane Carr, p:laser c:USA poin: 37


Favorited "Adham Goda - Mystic Progressions 007 [22th November 2013] On Tm-Radio"  by Adham GoDa


"I taste you on my lips  And I can't get rid of you.  So I say, Damn your kiss  And the awful things you do." PATD


 I will for ever and always stick with my huffle puff crew


amonosa beber =) Juan Carlos Amador Navarrete Shavok Live Stoock Caligari   Summer... Already looking forward to next wedding season!  swear I've been watching White Chicks for like 7 hours now.


Hele hele Tayyip Allah'n bir lutfu'dur ya da adam izindeyiz diyenleri Allah affetsin


 it's already a fav of mine and i haven't even watched it


 Can I send you another new album to add to the 28?


22  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


there is nothing wrong. nothing to fix. nothing wrong. nothing to fix. repeat after me.


Girls Against Boys + Chokebore, 8.12.2013, LMB, Praha | Full Moon Zine  i just wanna fly wanna live i dont wanna die maybe i just wanna breath maybe i just dont believe maybe youre the same as me we see thi


  A think that is amazing really so the iron in asbestos will not cause lung irataion or infections so whats chronic lung sepsis


 I checked out your site. What do you do, exactly? Are you a development studio?


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Ty vase retweety neciho hejtu na vas sou celkem ubohy. Se tomu postav celem a nehraj si na neco vic ne?)))


 it's less than 2 hours by train, so It's much easier than a flight to London and train to Liverpool :-)


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


" Faithful females go through the most bullshit."


Iniciando o ano com ela!     Praia de Beverly Hills  PREVIEW [DEMO EXCLUSIVE FOR MUSICAL FREEDOM] by Michelangelo Rosati on   Walking Dead "Zombiefied" An interactive look at zombie makeup in the AMC hit show. Great HTML5 story  i found this in the whatsapp folder from last night im laughign  whos the guy with the blue jacket. hes b o m b


Love listening to the classics. What good music do you like listening to?  You Need to Know About Gmail's Latest Update  close my eyes and tell them to say it after I won't be able to hear it or something


 or cheerio? What is ultimate  web  library?


Me felt like cutting my throat and korek2 my brain then buat sup otak to siapa2 nak join makan ken pm me ah.


Your fantasies may be overactive today, but you can't afford a... More for Libra   is awesome marketing project, great work!


 And if I'd pay the postage as well? How much would it be for Austria?


Czech beer, hot tub, in the mountains with beautiful people. This is the life.  Kvilda  was supposed to go to bed at 10pm omggggg im so stressed out rn


 Our chemistry papers after the correction:  HAHAAHAHAHAJAHAHAAJ


 we've already seen it douchebags now how about you announce some dates huh


7 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  bans shellfish import from US Northwest.  Arsenic at too high level.    but still good for US market?


We wish you merry  
Yours extravagant guides Klara, Vitek, Zdenek, David and Venca!  thou that every fixed star hath its own planets,and every planet its own creatures,whose number no man can compute."


Great online course about   and  on  -  freezing and fascinating Dresden, getting ready for the first of three  IX w Dresdner Philharmonie  president says smoking is fine after 27 years old -  Wow, it looks like in a few months I'll be invincible.  Iceland Bjrked after Turkish hacker pinches passwords  I seriously have the worst problem sending the wrong message to the wrong person   


 hahahhaha!! Someone had abit too much drinks yesterdayb:)))


Seems like excellent Bible teacher Beth Moore has decided to give us a fantastic New Year gift for Kindle readers  i'm sorry, with "closed down" i meant i hate the fact that it only works on the 3 devices or so


Make love to live longer. Studies have shown that frequency and enjoyment of sexual intercourse are significant predictors of longevity.


Life and Jah are one in the same. Jah is the gift of existence. I am in some way eternal, I will never be...  this an "Apple" in lighting? I mean Phillips.    CEO: Wait 2 Hours to Avoid Price Surge on New Year's  framed  Glass beads earrings.   


I have completed the quest 'Build the first An...' in the  game The Tribez.   


I've collected 11,365 gold coins!    


Interview s  pred dnesnim koncertem je online! Nenech si ujit koncert, open door 20, support:  


And there isn't really anything I can do, aside from sleeping or doing nothing at all, that doesn't seem to aggravate it.


Aarhus Symphony Orchestra to perform Final Symphony on May 9, 2014! Featuring music from Final Fantasy VI, VII and X.  The meaning of life is so unclear, I wonder at the search Why the scrabbling   wing time plus a bit of viewing  ( Hooters w/ 2 others)  Well, whatever the case, I wonder when they'll resolve what's going on. Current SamFlam is still entertaining as hell, though.


 andybr ofr eth opasrn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: brandy for the parson


I'm not mentally stable to go to school like can we cancel it?


Security stories, Evil User Stories and Abuse(r) Stories   


Walking across the morning campus makes me want to be in one of these cities:  just being still is the quickest way to get to your destination". 
Too true
Psalm 46:10 was my verse for 2013!



You can borrow headphones for translation downstairs in the lobby. / Sluchtka si mete zapjit ve foyer v pzem. 


 i'm testing a Gear now, and i'm fully convinced that a smartwatch enhances everything for me.


Morning with  album Based on a true story. I'll tell you guys, this album is awesome!  you need me I'll be feeling like shit and watching Family Guy on Netflix.


You are apt to receive more support from your friends now than... More for Aries  new sounds: 2005 - le voyage abstrait by Raphael Marionneau - earthborne  on 


  ''Si m neodebere, unfollow mi taky ned, to by Milan neudlal..'' :D takhle jsem to myslela :D 


 [ahll'tt eb het ady] (1973) Brenda Bruce, p:rock-music c:UK poin: 18


We start this fire
Just to burn it all
From the dark desire
Our vengeance falls


A photo from the recent exhibition at the  Bandaijima Art Museum in  Did you see the show?  feel like a kid again? Just watch this really cute video!  se mi video   DARPA Legged Squad Support System (LS3) Demonstrates New Capabilities


 would you rather have a cat sized snail or snail sized cat ? by the way hello from Czech republic :)


 I said Tyson ? Cain can speak up instead of having you say what he has to say


Found in a sample of Hesperbot this "X:\hesperus\solution\v3_pdf_err\output\mods\Release\procblock_mod_x86.pdb". Hesperus its named.


See how Easy Virtuemart can save you hundreds of hours and increase revenues.   


4. Flash modified firmware onto device and brick it (ha)

\_()_/


guess who's going ice-skating tomorrow.
spoiler alert: it's me


"The Five Buddha Families, by Francesca Fremantle" good read   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           494


OMG! 22 ai bulan dah kena p matrik .sat jaa cuti .ouh trouble maker come again .


Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


. Ukraine leader tells EU:'Don't want 2b rude,but u know,we r not little children.U cant buy us with candy.' He and his co-star Jirka Madl were in 2 very popular teenage movies Snowboarders and   


I've collected 15,070 gold coins!    


I just uploaded "One Trick  Park | Sam Baumgartner" to Vimeo:  liked a  video  YouTube Rewind: What Does 2013 Say?


  Cool. Is it possible to pay by credit card?


Twitter's only suggestions of people for me to follow are Czech &amp; Slovak rappers


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


 Hi! And thanks. I am listening to  (even though I'm tempted to switch channels during  know there's something about you that i can't let you go


 today. Probably the last tournament of the year for me. Still have starting stack. Few Brits here but think I'm the only Paddy


 "Not my job" attitude. Nobody wants to be responsible. I hate it.


   Next sprint: 15 min, at :25. PROMPT = INTO THE FIRE  


I just downloaded a free painting video from   diyeyim ben sana sorumsuz in yapabileceim bir ey vardr :((


 [ngisw fo hpoe] (2001) Jeffrey Lofton, p:pregnancy c:USA poin: 13


cash game za listopad +7k a jeste neco hodily donkace, gg  British band Suede arrives for the first time in the Czech Republic! Dont miss out on the chance to see them in Lucerna tomorrow.


Ten2five-i will fly RT" Lagu yg paling sering lo dengerin apa?  viccent nanya"


The middle class myth: Heres why wages are really so low today  via 


Video: A Swedish tourist secretly films an AAA taxi driver using an illegal "turbo" meter  
even here are not that many Directioners ?!


Photo: allthingseurope: Osogovo Monastery, Macedonia (by jordepro)  memory of Frederica Sagor Maas who was born on July 6th, 1900 and died on January 5th, 2012.


I liked a  video  Immortal Songs 2 |   2 : Letter to the Youth, Onions (2013.12.14)


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           765


A Series of Firsts...my  preview for   &amp; Olympic Review..    


BF thinks it's manlier to eat "veggie steak" over regular soy meat


I've collected 5,343 gold coins!    


Jean-Claude Van Damme's Epic Split for Volvo is Insane  really fucking hard to write today with the glorious birthday going on. I can't tear myself away from Twitter &amp; Tumblr. help.


 ;-)
We have the Europan zone.
We have a difference of 6 hours. Brazil is beautiful Earth!!


 the only memory I have from jubilee is "WHERES NIPPLE?!?!!"


 ['kiewschs wen tresevdnau] (1943) Lloyd Pearson c:UK poin: 24


The Ultimate Guide to Juicing, Coconut Oil for Weight Loss 
 everyone who had a weekend "when the bas dropped":  s   version:  I just went to play Pokemon instead of going to sleep. No regrets. Or yes.


Imma just take myself out of the equation. I can't do this anymore.  


Also slightly perturbed that Twitter seems to think I'm in Germany... No more Captain Morgan's, methinks


 That's good! So you are enjoying the time there? How long will you be there?


I want to have everything that I want, I wanna have everything that you don't.


Ex-NHLer Jiri Slegr still plays hockey in Czech extraleague. Today he scored one goal and added three assists for his hometown Litvinov.


I don't think it's actually possible to become bored anymore.


 Hey Dilly, it's my bday, can you send me a virtual hug? x


BitsDuJour is giving away a new Surface 2, and more. If you win, I win too!  via 


      GREAT PERFORMANCE AS EXPECTED!! SLEEP WELL TONITE.. LOVE CHU ALL &lt;3


  shit yeah!!!! i promised another to my mom but i can manage both ;)


I've collected 11,510 gold coins!    


AAAAHHH!!! Get me there! :D
RT  Acid Pauli will pay at 17:00. A spontaneous set! Be here!! 


  Some redundancy is good if you're communicating in a noisy environment - if you know to expect the next word is...


 i saw some guy skating to it before but this is even better wow thanks!


 Not really sure what you mean. Can you email a longer explanation to labs  zeroturnaround . com? Thanks!


 393. And I have a love interest, but it's very subtle. More like a glimmer of hope on the horizon than a burning fire :).


 No. Moving between official rooms doesn't trigger it.


 hey im just the delivery man, but you're welcome ha


End of the year people, Enjoy yourselves carefully, share love endlessly, and listen and spread the good music :)...  The behaviour of parents/spectators at football games is seriously disgusting. That's why I would  add a Screenshot to FogBugz issues, no Download required  via 


We should consider Japan and Taiwan as shining example of prosperous partnership for both sides in economic and cultural spheres  


 17 the century wine cave tours available 2 hours from Prague    that's exactly what I've had on my mind when I saw it for the first time


  lol, I'll thinking of you friends and post some pics, so you can envy me ;-)


netaudionews:  - World Wide Druggie EP    


 Leadership in the Digital Age  a good conversation to be had with teachers and leadership teams


What a party... sure "the" Christmas Party of 2013 - feel free to tag, share and enjoy some great pictures....  eth ayd i erdti ot ilev tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the day i tried to live


Davis cup in Prague: Last week there was exhibited Davis cup . It could be seen at buildimg of Czech radio (e...  Play Hearthstone E18 - 2 mal Schamane:  ber 


Christmas in Manchester.... Think they went over the top with the decorations...  Do you know the song "Because Boobs" by Psychostick? The music will not be to your taste but the  may ban officials from using iPhones over spying concerns
 it I said I was getting drunk once a week. Tonight I'm chillen!


When the entire instructions file is highlighted... in different colours  [nnhoitg utb het steb] (1964) Judy Huxtable c:UK poin: 20


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 s kost z divoka - velmi avnat 
New product and a really delicious one too
Wild boar ham on the bone  Love this commercial so much:) u r awesome dude:)


*not "no idea", meant "no wonder he was mean after the events of Caves". pretty traumatic regeneration, that.


 I'm sure you can objectively see it wasn't fair practice of her to say he had no response after waiting less than 10 mins.


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 18


 anything for you linda muah . Hehehehehe pastu em .. aku nak rm .. hehehe hahahaha


Get a  book from  and enter to win The Works of Richard Sibbes (7 vols.)   


Only The Good Ones: The Snapshot Aesthetic Revisited w  - wystawa "momentek" w amerykaskim kontekcie  [,love celrsah] (2006) Esther Gabriel c:USA poin: 13


and we'll never see this pyramid again :(    2nd speaker is Petr Fiala, Member of the Parliament, ODS, Former Minister of Education and Rector of Masaryk University,Brno 


  but I know ppl who quit school &amp; their not that dumb. Its a shame he did if its true


We're not different, look around Heart Attack  


 Loved the confrontation btwn Holis and Gibbs in the car and in the basement. Hope they get to finish that bottle of Scotch 1 day.


 hosroie ooblyocsh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: hoosier schoolboy


 judging by your previous tweets probably because you hang in jets with killas all night? Get some rest lol


Merry Christmas to all my friends who celebrate at 25th. Hope you have a great time with your loved ones


EDM Master Classes Hosted By Steve Lieberman and Vello Virkhaus were held at the Avalon in Hollywood California   yeah, this sucks, my dad insults it in general and I'm really annoyed by this


7 Smart Ways to Deal with Toxic People

 discovered using Zite, available at   glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Showing Off in Montreal
Published November 2013
Full set available at   Dolla $ign - Irie ft. Wiz Khalifa [Official Music Video]:  pes 


 night at Shadow Azyl to ite w/    


 My pleasure, Kevin. Thnx for the inspiration! I gave u a more explicit shoutout in the original post  Germany!! Now it's time for a quick stop in London. Then back to Dublin I go!


 do you rather want to have mistakes sent to you by mail? My pull request on github still waits to be approved.


I just entered the  book giveaway by   (  Color Me Bad? Want to see how the mighty have fallen? I worked at the County Jail &amp; I've seen the mugshots:  ikr but I got it for my birthday in August and didn't try to use it until now so there's not much we can do):


As artists we have so much to give! We often give w/o appreciating what we've given or allow ourselves to receive in return. 


 I can help you with knowing. ^^ Just go to  and/or  :3


How Netflix Reverse Engineered Hollywood. To help people find movies they like, Netflix created 76,897 genres!  few hours in Prague shopping in the xmas markets, drinking tea and cider and eating apple strudel of course.


 Thanks Mara.
Stana Katic 
Castle 



"If you let your kid do this, you're a douchebag"  week, I met some woman with this haircut. (No, I'm not kidding, it really happend) 80s are back.  anyone out there have time to put together a good  list for the Vilnius EaP summit? I don't want to miss anyone....


Vin Diesel Reveals 'Fast and Furious 7' Details, Paul Walker Scene  is a sequel to Paradise Postponed?????????? fuckin hell. I was trying to find that a while ago, bc of Michael Hordern.


Today is THE DAY.  this evening. Celebrate!   


Winter Universiade 2013 has begun after a festive Opening Ceremony Wed. night in Trento's Piazza Duomo.   


When will you come to germany with the boys?   24


I don't mind if your hand's a little cold cause I'm alive but I got nowhere to go


 [tirupe pmnaii] (1997) Cico Harahap c:Malaysia poin: 13


Have you heard Attitude -"Stunt" Ft.  &amp; Twista by Timbaland Thursdays on   Jawaban benar: the anniversary party,  21/792 poin


 Jawaban benar: cold night into dawn,  20/711 poin


  I had a crossdresser bf once, the hairy part was the least disturbing thing there and easiest to get rid of too


Today stats: 8 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Lewis Collins. Headline news in the Czech Republic:  party~ Happy Birthday Mybro Muammar Hanif Fawwaz. Doa abang cuma berharap yang terbaik untuk [pic]   great post. he claims to be this guy  he has sent me his berkley mail so I'll test if it's really him.


 S-s-s-sick, guys! :) And at certain parts one can actually tell, that you have ballet training.


Why is people at mcdonalds the day after thanksgiving!?! Go home!!!


I order my first pixie pants from J. Crew  soo happy  


"My modern take on 20s makeup for my work Christmas party. CCW!"  to the EU PSN Christmas sales, I now own Spelunky on all the platforms. This is a good thing,


Photo: (via Beautiful Black Women With Curves and/or Thick - page 17 - Beautiful Black Women Pictures -...  is like drugs -_- for somebody it is like heaven, but it can be hell as well


 predictions: Hull 1-1 Man.United; Aston Villa 0-0 C.Palace; Cardiff 2-1 Southampton; Chelsea 2-0 Swansea; Everton 2-2 Sunderland (1/2)


 Learn without your music? Not learning.A dream when U're not in it, not a dream. Life without U isn't life for me! 


Was enjoying an amazing game of  &amp; then my computer decided to restart unexpectedly on me. I literally feel like crying! 


Handmade framed Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


 How about your exams? And please kiss Mr. Grey for me :D


Vida ho. Joseph Gordon-Levitt pred par hodinama na twtru potvrdil, ze bude makat s Goyerem na Sandmanovi!


PlayStation 4 - Shitstorm gegen Sony und Toni Kroos  via  RECHT SO!


Grace took so many pictures when she stole my phone this morning bless her hahaha


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   Well, I guess it's the best in North America then.


Greetings from Malta magic show ...          from littlearzi by   Pivnice U Sadu  lmfaooo they failed this week.  I got lazy already to go out. Take some shots for me!


I've collected 12,250 gold coins!    


In memory of Mara Casares who was born on November 21st, 1922 and died on November 22nd, 1996.


This weekend i am invited to a birthday Party. While looking for a nice card found this. Had to buy it...  Chucka mame radi. Trochu nam pomaha jeste s jednou veci... Bude to bomba


44 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


19  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   51


 mmm ok so im gonna continue in watching movies and stuff i guess:D


and your teacher say.. " Junho pun menyadari bahwa... [pic]    a jeho "Red Lights (District?)" v pln verzi! ;)    I forgot also the first part... :D   .. It's just that I'm not American :D ;)


Have been to sauna after long time,  feeling like a new man. Will be back soon


A man without a conscience... Jim Schwartz doesnt consider the Lions season a failure | ProFootballTalk  


Adam and Eve were the first people on earth............Did they have belly buttons?


When someone hurts you cry a river, build a bridge and get over it      Check out this blog post on App Store presentation, might help you with your first game!
 PS4.  was always (and hopefully still be) for pure gaming.


  funny you mention it,t they're just finishing to upload.


 he will forever 5yo kid just like the rest of 2pm member haha,, 2pm w their 4d personality ..


 it seems like you had a good place as well though :3 And the stage was probably kinda high? idk how to say it TT


Sir Toby's New Years resolution for ya'll: 
Travel more and visit old friends

sincerly, Sir Toby (your old friend)


blinded by the lights          [het gib sahfl] (1932) Lita Chevret, p:two-reeler c:USA poin: 13


Our Lord! Grant us good in this world and good in the hereafter, and save us from the chastisement of the fire  [2:201]


"  who going to that new bern party on the 27th" not a soul lol


Pear and Spice Sour Cream Coffee Cake   


 [usmapc iucste] (1985) Taija Rae, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 13


Edward Snowden's Christmas Message and Other News You Need to Know  to all who are going to meet or work with an idiot today! Stay strong, keep smiling and tell them f*uck u!  Please support a good thing,dear James in your homeland. to a mail from label
Using Google translate for not usual words
I'm so professional XD


What gifts are you wrapping up and putting under the tree 


This series of  is a disaster. Bloody Moffat, what have you done?! Why?! This is a tragedy :-( 


As a follow-up to yesterday's tweet about modelling/animation, here an overview of the most popular rendering engines  well, never is too late to start :-P I've never been to US, but I have some plans for next year.


 Yup, it part of a big series. I can recommend that. Now im offerrino to sleepeperrino. GN x)


After watching Once last night, hardcore fangirling for over 3h, sleeping for less than 4h and eating breakfast, it's time for a nap...


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


My life,my inspiration,my truth,my love,my music my heart..  she is everything in my life,perfect..not for her body, is for her soul


first show with new lineup  what a blast  tt  Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe usually. Check out my blog at  invested in  (e)FSO on the Empire Avenue Social Market  


"And he walks through hellfire, because Broomhilda's worth it."


 &lt;3 I sure miss England lots already :( not that I don't love Austria btw but - I just love England so much too


now we aren't looking backward we won't try raising the dead__
                we only see what's in front of us
 we only see straight ahead


Trueee   this is what it feels like  


 Please, follow me and my friend  we love you so much x24


omg i fell asleep with 1 earphone in and woke up to Escape


Sobotn prask pulk         Chronicle Epaper from 12th Dec with  `No marriage in next 10 years'  keeps falling, rain keeps falling
Down, down, down, down.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           580


Adventn vnec chalupskho typu       Gonna mail a series of tape-shaped and very strong magnets your way.


 [het chmclieaan cwo] (1927), p:cow c:USA poin: 18


Twitter buzz about papers does not mean citations later  brought homemade mead \o/ Oh wait, hold the confetti, I still take the medicines:( no alcohol for three more days


I added a video to a  playlist  Zemvzduch - Pick up pika feat. Sax &amp; Trusty [FREE DOWNLOAD]


   Partly Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 6C and a low of 1C.


Wed, 27 Nov 2013, let us all send Kathryn Bigelow the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (62)


  Somehow they seem to loose fun in their thing doing here... Maybe because of too much stress already?


Hopefull my phone will last and my battery will last while i'm at school


I need a Lorde christmas song ASAP it would be hilariously awesome


 thank you for the time you have taken to pay your respects for our Madiba. Best wishes.


A dick made from toy cars. Today it's called Contemporary Art.   [behrorst ni amsr: daeern ni bldoo] (2005) Robert McCollum c:USA poin: 33


 [teh ibg qisurt] (1937) Theodore Lorch, p:soda-jerk c:USA poin: 14


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


 Literally just hours to go!! I am a nerve-wracking ball! 



so, did the 8th Doctor have babies with anyone? no? well, I'd volunteer.  (sorry.)


 teh cduietaon fo cerhlia naksb tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the education of charlie banks


 loud music so that I can't think, I just type! Thanks for the encouragement!  D.S.


 "Every success, every milestone, every story is shared on  to be a point of contact for social effectiveness."


Msto oknek s okoldou otevete okno s dvkou klip 

The Killers // Primal Scream // Fall Out Boy // Metric...  it have car home here to rent ...rent one n leh we move na 


 Czech Republic :) yes I know, that's because twitter can't make the right location :)


    vandovo divadlo na Smchov  of Sublime Text 3: Features, Plugins, and Settings  i am listening to The Rest Of Us over and over again cause it's perfect. And cause I'm trying to finish the lyrics :D


Photo: stonerswithboners: Lyle in English Oak from our Winter 2013 Collection. Photo by Cindy Loughridge...  needs exactly two iPhones to activate an O2 prepaid card to be used in an iPad.


So what did you find under the Christmas tree? :-)  STUDIE: Jak funguje pay4t.cz s dosahem na 19 220 follower?  se mi video  od autora   Da Tweekaz ft. Anklebreaker - Music Is My Drug (Official HQ


I will feel myself better, if someone buys me Vanilla Latte in Starbucks


Do You Play to Winor to Not Lose? aneb doplnk do diskuze v naem workshopu s M Jelnkem  warming devastates America: See that white stuff floating down past the orange trees and landing on you...  grateful that I'm feeling healthy enough to get to church this morning. Not that my singing will be much to listen to (*frog croaks*).


It's good to be here,long time no see my dear.....


i wanna be a ballerina assassin and kill bad guys while doing beautiful dance moves in a graceful fashion


Got a scratch straight across my eyelid... What did i do last night?! :-o


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  [cseens form reudn cdohilhdo ntseoic 1 (1967) c:USA poin: 38


Dommie sakra to nen s tm baby lips fr. ( live on  that COD Ghosts is fire! I don't need that distraction in my life tho.


30 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



  Don't compare me to bitches  I'm the last of my kind


Your USB cable, the spy: Inside the NSAs catalog of surveillance magic | Ars Technica  liked a  video from   Tickle Torture Challenge


 Jawaban benar: city of the vampires,  20/368185 poin


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Gabriela Soukalova succeeds in individual competition in stersund  new free, mobile-friendly, responsive theme to go with a free specialized CMS for news orgs? Don't mind if I do!  friend understands your past, believes in your future, and loves you just the way you are.


 [e!egl] (2009) Destin Holmes, p:women c:USA poin: 5


Today stats: 5 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed one person via  touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. -JohnnyDepp-


  you both just giggle, smile and chuckle for last 8 hours?


Absurd concept, guys... "Introducing Open Salaries at  Our Transparent Formula and All Individual Salaries"  Never stop RETWEETING this picture   is really sad


 *That* is a tough choice: to Sharknado your private or public space? (Wait, did I just verb Sharknado?)


 Hahahahahahah 1000 prints affff USHSUSHSUA mar esse menino tem bao gosto


Sndan ve dv       Monolok Cafe  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 5.94C vre esse.


 actually I'm getting nightmares seeing printing plates again...even thought these got nice pictures


    Baby you deserve this! So much!


Follower of the week:          


the US is one of the 8 countries in the world without paid maternity leave.  but you better not abort those kiddies you can't afford.


 resources are not published with the MahApps NuGet. It's a separate NuGet package. So merging has'nt any effect.


 Now just tell me what the other lesson is and I'll find you another reason to skip it and return to bed


I just donated to  Help keep it free!    main Christmas gift is on the right!  Jeek came, but we are still waiting for Dda Mrz/  lugaw tayo sa Baluarte.. Hehehe
Sagot ko na yung tokwa..


 Jawaban benar: the cat of the worm's green realm,  33/516 poin


 I can't believe that I will see you in 166 days &lt;3 I love you more than anything, good nightttttt


 [ayd &amp; hnigt] (2010) Wayne Dyer, p:day c:USA poin: 11


  BOO-YA! Look who's humble now, right? RIGHT? - Augustine


And remember what happened the last time Finland played Sweden in the final, right? ;)    


"Die Haupttrends 2014: Mobile, E-Mail, Social" (t3n) -&gt; Where the fuck is the fast-forward button?!?!


 enjoy the concert.... Europe will be jealous.... Well, see you never again, huh?  *1 expensive concert per year,dissappointment*


  I know right? honestly its not funny. he's met him SO many times and I haven't even once..


10 new unfollowers and 4 new followers (hello! hello!) in the last day. Via  Christ was buried, our "old selves" were buried with Him     Don't just play dead...STAY dead!


At Shakey's Lourdes with   :))  


Announcing the Best LinkedIn Company Pages of 2013 [SLIDESHOW]  via 


 I feel a bit weird seeing this new default celebrated like the greatest thing since sliced bread


Omg that movie had everything. Even Backstreet Boys. 


 well I would love a McDonald's, and your dad can surprise me with the rest


Good times!  summer 2013 Ladies Want To Dance with    like to see us play two up front as well Like Boden with either Lester or Richard


HS A ridiculous second night, gutted to be missing the third (and final) night 


but that list also includes Olly Murs at no. 15. who finds *that* sexy?! at least Matt is reasonably cute &amp; doesn't make my skin crawl


I've got a new iPad with retina display. And tweeting using Siri is fucking cool.


Literally watched a car AIM at a tourist pedestrian today. I'm gonna die here.


72  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


     I really love u guys, thank u for being part of my life &lt;3 xx


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


And now for something completely different:   ;)


21 Racial Microaggressions You Hear On A Daily Basis   via 


 Oh. And there was me hoping that your "wee jig" would turn up on YouTube as a mad dance :))


Second attempt to the foreign police tmr morning. Hopefully I succeed!!


Bootstrap 3 PSD: Free for commercial and personal use!  by   defiendo Q5s a utg agro en bb y cae 95d2d.. check-call turn K check-call y river K sin FD. Mete pot... y acabo pagando contra KJ 42k


- 50 cm Shots: 8x2 cl Gisela (Wodka/Lime) oder Wodka/Energy Shots fr 10 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         361


The Dresden Daily is out!  Stories via  


De um novo tempo que comeou The Walking Dead  and Paramore   


Should off to bed maybe. Pukul 8 kena bangun dah. Whatta


Saku               And a very good morning to you, as well! Just came back fm shopping, got some scented tealights and will try it later, too :)


19  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


"Stores Sniff Out Smartphones to Follow Shoppers" -  Yes but only for a short while and only San Juan really which is not my style.


Omg Zac though  RT " Efron and Brody Jenner in one picture omg   some money on hot chocolate or ice coffee and there was money left so now I'll have more reasons to start saving up properly :3


noo there was an interview last night but i can't listen to it now fml


Dark Lands update is available on the store! Fixes, optimisations, localisations!    crap! It the worst pain eveer!! Just go away please!! 


 Are you kidding me? No links in direct messages?


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 32 others  ironically they accuse Zuma`s ANC of implementing 'Western imperialists policies'. But their cheers now reveal who they are


"I showed my dad an Advice Animal [reddit meme], and he said he knew the guy from high school."  kids and I have become fans of the  this holiday, didnt C that comingbut then u never do.


Lb se mi video   Ricky Gervais on War, Racism and Stephen Hawking


 no i dont. idk who rmb chenchen's bday as 0922. /side eye/


Cemilan malam minggu sambil nonton Step Up 4 Revolution. (with Irfan Aulia) [pic]   at Art Nouveau Palace Hotel Praha -  (Prague, Czech Republic)  (for a change) via Brno ( AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/ 6 others)  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 79


The Ultimate Guide to Juicing, Coconut Oil for Weight Loss 
 ladies and gentleman, Justin Davis presents you: first world problems


Each and everytime I clean my room I found something that was lost forever and immediately I think of the"THERE YOU ARE" of 


 [aavyn on 2d4n serett] (1994) Oren Moverman, p:theater c:USA poin: 20


 But if they'd have had an accident and the child had been killed, they'd have cried and moaned and blamed the police. :/


 though it has. Noted. Still the biggest bottleneck will be GC, or?


 in response to all of the "finer" representatives of your eagle fan population. 


Morning Parade Vent Frustration on 'Shake the Cage' | Music News | Rolling Stone  Will you COME on your tour to GERMANY?! Please! We love you,we need you&lt;3 Please Reply xx


 la cancin Les voyages de Elephant  en    zjisteni Britky zijici v Praze: "Mullets are still OK here - on children, on old guys, even on people running for elections" 


Free Keynote &amp; PowerPoint mockup templates for prototyping mobile and Web apps     via 


 Otazka s podobnym podtextem jako tenhle song....    Nickelback - What If Today Was Your Last Day?


Just random mixing :) and no, I haven't bought Traktor yet :P  decided to donate dog bed &amp; some other things which used to be my dog to local shelter. Didn't expect it to be so hard for me. Miss her!


How to use photoshop in real life:  (via  Cool. :-)


stancollymore talkspoIf the police cannot handle nor by regulation ensure people are seated now, imagine a free standing area


 I've got a milk moustache on my upper lip now. But I'll be "shaving it off" later ;)


Pretty sure I've eaten enough food over the break to solve world hunger three times over.


What Barbie Would Look Like As A Real Woman:  via 


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Robbie Williams ft. Olly Murs | 'I Wan'na Be Like You' |


Know someone for this job? Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


  group denies participating in the Loya Jerga that decide the fate of AF-US Security Pact 


India's 'Hackathon for Women' Focuses on Projects to Help Humanity  meets Tim Burton in sinister animation series | Illustration | Creative Bloq  Briefing | Southwest: Texas: Paramedic Gets Jail Term in Pipe Bomb Case 


European orchid cultivation - from seed to mature plant  European Journal of Environmental Sciences 2/2011


"Having secrets allows one to forge a sense of identity apart from the monotony of society."  philh., singer Kocerga and conductor Metzmacher performs Shostakovich 13th today 19.30   saying the spectrobes fandom is dead please shut up holy shit do you think all we ever draw is fanart


 thanks for updating Niall hahah bc i can't watch the play :(


 That one is also good, but I can't imagine watch it in French, lol


Clashes in Kiev amid massive pro-EU protests: LIVE UPDATES -...  &amp;  Scarf Collaboration| A Film  via   or 


Analytick koutek Saxo Bank: Apple, Google, Microsoft  


Controversial Rolling Stone Tsarnaev cover named Hottest of the year
 2013 3D Printing Year in Review Top Trends  


Eu so to com net 3g dai n da pra ver o comercial do the key e nem vi o film friday,que merda.  Justin Bieber


Just reported a jam on Lochkovsk most, Praha,  using  - Social GPS.


5   Tips - 5th: Christmas concert in Prague -     Asks: 'What Do You Want to Accomplish Before You Die?'  Method For Producing Products Which Are Printed With Information And Which ...    never seen so many swans in my life!! Hundreds of them just kickin' it by Charles Bridge  Praha  Ral &amp; David Prap - Tokyo streets (Maverickz remix)  Apple iPod  MP3-Player orange 2 GB (NEU)  no attention to what a critic says. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.  - Jean Sibelius


 lets differentiate between  of goods,vehicle,robots,people,energy and  of everyday objects 


   in DEC as i will be baking so i have to be done by end of NOV. then its only correcting from my


  omG i was thinkng da same thing btw ur awesomeeee!!!;)


BOOKMAN pichz s vtipnou novinkou - magnetickmi reflektory. Lb? / BOOKMAN is launching funny Magnetic...  Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Ionic effect on the transport characteristics of nanowire-based
FETs in liquid environment
 out in Prague.  Katedrla sv. Vta | Saint Vitus' Cathedral  are a limited number of productive hours in each day bec... More for Scorpio  1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  CHAMPION JACK DUPREE &amp; MICKEY BAKER  LP Blues 1968  Ugly woman


 [dhtoybmol] (2006) Jane Gull, p:sacrifice c:UK poin: 9


 God Knows... - From Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuutsu by RMaster on    lol! There's no method call for that, sorry :)


   ha ha "Roxy's car" ...:-))) I really do not know :-))))) This is a question for developers :-))))


fuuuuuuck. teeth pulling tomorrow. still, I'd rather have my teeth pulled than go to the final exams tomorrow. no injection option for that!


Photo: (via Urban Soul Suite Presents Tosha Riea 34784 | HustleBunny)  wanna see hurts again lol i'm sure i'd enjoy it 3749% more now


  please can u give litlle monsters second studio version  with  with Video Music is so better!


" If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost."


39 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


  only the artists that we have in our line-up... We're always looking to discover new talent. Go to artist submissions.


Is it only me who thinks that if there was a book about my life I'd quit reading it in the very beginning? :D  think we should have called German, Dutch and Dutch something else. The "Dutch" call it "Nederlands", German is "Deutsch". Get it?


 Jawaban benar: ray alexander: a taste for justice,  34/88287 poin


 Jawaban benar: commercial breakdown,  20/357357 poin


Today: tired of it all!
Tomorrow: ready to do it all again. 


"HUGE eruption happening right now at Etna Volcano in Sicily, Italy"  yep, really glad they did ;-) ah ok. where did they play in berlin then? saw them at highfield in 2003 for the 1st time &lt;3


German Brew in a Czech Pivovar for round 2 - Drinking a Kellerbier by Mahr's Bru  Zl asy    [aasg fo edtah evally] (1939) Cactus Mack, p:horse c:USA poin: 20


 it overwrites your character with the new bodies fresh inventory


Terasanya. " I guess lifes harder for you since youre stupid."


 [whaaii i-fve0] (2010) Deane P. Leong, p:hawaii c:USA poin: 13


 from Hokkaido University   on cross-cultural differences in self-expression on SNS


Tetszett egy vide (   John Cage, Meredith Monk and Anthony de Mare - double fiesta


I've collected 968 gold coins!    


US:  "Comcast to Congress: Freeing Up More 5 GHZ WiFi Spectrum Is Crucial" -   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


I've collected 16,187 gold coins!    


It could be more thrilling but It's been interesting at all. Looking forward to next episode. 


Do you like Anyone from riverside or have a crush on ...  I like all my friends, but i don't think anyone is "c...  for a second i thought he was one of those kids


People worth watching  The Two Wheel Wanderer:  via 


 [a icsle fo lcynh] (2007) Kyle MacLachlan c:USA poin: 16


 Interestingly,  had same problem today with them:  Datacron: Taris  Tularan Marsh 1:  via 


 Jawaban benar: mad at the moon,  15/373256 poin


 ahhh am tryna not thnk abt tht ..............yaaaa lol


 [het oi'mnasedc odacmnie] (2005) Maria McErlane c:UK poin: 23


 yes but Arnold, Gedling, West Bridgford are of bigger importance, hopefully next


  " I don't understand why people still eat McDonald's."  


 CLEAR IN THE MOMENT Poetry is, among other things, plain thought   


co jsi dostala?:O  mam tu docela naval otazek typu 'co so dostala?' a 'stastne vanoce a novy rok'
nejak se mi n...  love fridayyyyy!!!  Darling Cabaret  wrong with skype again? Database error? I must re-invite most of my contacts?!?


What became of the AdMob Cocoapod, was this renamed to something Google something?


Flopped top two against a set and lost QQ&lt;KK on J high board. Terrible start to this Eureka. Down to 4k early from 20k starting.


Vote for the WSJ 2013 European House of the Year   via 


Today stats: 5 followers, 12 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  night at home :/ really going to miss my parents, my cat and the bathtub 


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  Definitely one of the best photos I've seen lately. Green Room by David Psaila   Love At First Sight by Kylie Minogue with    every iOS app I install wants to send me push notifications. 


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  am so sad to hear about the passing of  He is a man of humanitarian.


I've collected 15,500 gold coins!    


And now I'm reading Girl and Boy Identity (development and difficulties) from Pavlina Janosova, and I think I'll borrow it to peruse at home


Extreme weather events are increasing: yet another green propaganda myth: So I'm a speaker at this conference,...  with a Parrot, 1866. Gustave Courbet (18191877)  things could be so simple, but we choose to ignore that because people need to make money of something


So let's not dwell on all those things we should of said, as piece by piece I could pick you up off my floor


 happy birthday ndah,sukses yaaaa!!! blm jadi gembel kan lo disana????


I've collected 25,796 gold coins!    


People shooting everything in RAW is like they would only take videos in uncompressed HD. Bananas.


*the final line* Bayer Leverkusen 0-5 Manchester United | Champions League Group A match report

 


Get your paws on the TunnelBear app! ( and browse privately from another country!  


I loved  on the stage. Funny,clever, danceful;) Cant wait to see your rap performance tomorrow, mr.King;) 


 Jawaban benar: two hearts in wax time,  22/345582 poin  1/10224 poin


A new year, but a new year without Justin Bieber.
-
-
-
-
kill me now


Join us for another great hockey night at HC Sparta Stadium viewing the match in the Harley Davidson VIP box incl....  first round in  is finished! It looks great for   and  But   is close behind. It's tensing!


 It was pleasure to watch you play again! Thanks for great week! :)


17  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


This couple built their own house with a giant wall of windows     to visit grandpa, will be back with some  to share with you &lt;3


   So leaving you comes down to this The price of loving you is too much pain and   you save the Elements of Harmony in a glass thing so everyone can steal them...


27  Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


I just bought new iPhone app  Thanks to  who shows homeless man how to code &amp;   


Today stats: 11 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 9 people via  though it hurts i cant slow down , walls are closing in and i hit the ground , whisper of tomorrow echo in my mind , just one last time


Odeslal jsem 6 fotek na Facebook do alba Novinky v MENU KULAK  collected 28,237 gold coins!    


 [anrerhoc] (2008) Anthony Montes, p:rockabilly c:USA poin: 8


 happy birthday schumi...
Wnsche dir noch viele geburtstage


My colleague  is at  if you want to talk to him about mobile apps let him know   


Jogja ki sweetest place on earth po cah?
Please tell me..


Burgundy and Italy uncork their potential in fine wine market: You have viewed your allowance of free articles...  HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible in Prague, Czech Republic  


What a surprise Sweden is in the   


Mobilink:
-
JAZZ Budget
*3O1
-
JAZZ One
*3O2
-
JAZZ 24 Ghanta
*3O4
-
JAZZ Easy
*3O5
-
Such Jazba
*2O4
-
For More Tricks Stay With Me.


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kles


 [vdaid sfotr'es scrtshima umbal] (1993) BeBe Winans, p:christmas c:USA poin: 30


  peam icons e headers gente  One Direction


Romantic rain and listening music...  3 Salahmu by Bunga Citra Lestari   more than half of the ppl in cz music ~industry~ and the other half is same ppl for last 40 yrs w terrible hair and songs..


20  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


Oi  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


Unknown~ An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.


 Unfortunately lost... that was a goddamn masterpiece...


Beta test invitation na Elder Scrolls Online v emailu. Plan na vkend je teda jasn. 


 Guess I was confusing something, the (Plex plugin) log files show no scrobbling thats not matched by the website now. Sorry!


 [shuto rpak fc(h:e nehibd het mun)e] (1998) Isaac Hayes c:USA poin: 34


Strange thing happened to me, after update to  7.0.3, file watchers plugin got disabled by default


 bugun Chedjou yerine Gokhan,Bruma'nin arkasnda da Riera olabilrdi..Ama Mancini illa byerden verirken obur taraftan alcak :)


Oh man. As a fairly frequent flier, I can thoroughly identify with  and his situation.  


 A slump caused by Chinese central bank announcements and government intervention has created a perfect time to buy  now.


Sticking by a Murderous Brother, and Paying for It Dearly 


Samsung Galaxy NX: Android Goes Mirrorless for Way Too Much Money   hahahaha negative! Screenshot them first to us!!


How should the  and  in  looks like in the further?        sleep well and sweet  &lt;3


Task "Clearing a Site" completed    


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 [het ehsuo osrasc the esrtte] (1949) Mike Lally, p:gangster c:USA poin: 27


Good music from the '90s, folk smoking in the pub. Think we entered a timewarp.


 it's spontaneous.. I thought of going out of Prague, so boring.. haha. And I wanna see Chopin's historic sites


 Early winter borders on magical. The cold, crisp, bright days, people haven't begun cursing the dark gray everything just yet.


 Jawaban benar: scrooge: a christmas sarah,  26/87313 poin


Chinese telecom operators begin cloud computing park construction  Cain's favorite flavor!    ate the only fucking flavor of my air head I like . 


 Btw, did you notice how similar "Rumplestiltskin in love" is to "Lily's theme"/"Severus and Lily"? &lt;/3...


 dude, that is perfection! Those curves, ae mma *self loathes*


Just got this limited  sticker. Get yours now   


When im stressed I seem to, FUCK OFF YOU FUCKFACE, contract turrets disease.


Imagine Dragons - On Top The World    


I am voting for Ryan/Esposito    our generation is pro at giving up on and falling into and out of love. Means sacchi, let's learn something from our parents.


   I might have showed her that deck yesteday :D


4 hodiny do konce sichty. Takze proste jeste sto let nez se dostanou od tech parchantu do bezpeci domova. 


Ive completed the mission 45 OPERATION CRUSADER with three stars!   Official follow spree on Snapchat, we have it! lets scream :D


Awaiting... 10 more mins and board!!  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  Structureless, tactic-less and just a bit too short...


This week on twitter: No new followersOne new unfollower and followed One person  via  DeRogatis Cannot Forget the Sexual Abuse Allegations Against R. Kelly. We Shouldnt Either.  via 


 you're killing me with that
Want to watch it toooo


Let's everybody sing!!! Aaak aapolloo!! Aapollo yuu dipsy babyyy!!


LOVE - Reasserting the Role of the Fashion Press  pes 


Your  cranberry sauce: "Java 8 Revealed: Lambdas, Default Methods and Bulk Data Operations"  [eoebvrs nad ptrore] (2009) Collette Wolfe, p:mall c:USA poin: 18


   There's a tailoring to you, a seamlessness of form Long through the back   awww,baby THANK YOU!! I am so glad to have you,truly:) &lt;3 Happy New Year honey:*


I would like to donate my thoughts to the Institute for the Psychological Sciences


an interesting/funny/sad   with a really funny &amp; down-to-earth 103 year old grandma. quite worth the read:  the sound is hard,more I face badly...:D  you order for Christmas this Lego-Pioneer CDJ??  in chief  Karolna Kurkova &amp; Tereza Maxova a  star studded press conference   


Playing the flyers is always fun. I get to watch Hartnell's sad attempts at skating.


All y'all watching had to see her throw up that Illuminati sign... 


Win great  with  -       Opportunity:? DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


At 33, I'm old enough to know better , but still young enough to do it anyway, again and again :p  everyone, have a blessed day


  holy CRAP! A fellow Kansan in Prague? Yes please! Kozel on me :)


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 86


That moment when your self esteem drops to 0 just because of 1 thing ha


 that other guy is getting into audio sampling? Well, that's very related to what he's currently doing.


Today stats: 4 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Thanks to Apple, our little app is still relevant  :)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  Wilshere now on for England as well, so could be a quiet pre-derby night for  too. Ta Roy  Fuck off


On The road with my personal video and photo man maro de la Cruz :) happy all Things on Tape :) Good Boy :)


I'm working late l said I'll soon be home, all the while the girl was home alone, let me tell u what she crying for Why? Cuz I'm fly


 you don't understand how excited I am to watch 


Here are the opening hours etc. Warm thanks for taking your time to show us around, Mrs. Mayor of Maslovice!  letadle Lufthansy do Prahy nahlsil anonym teroristy s bombou - METRO.cz  Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


20 Fun and Easy DIY Christmas Gifts for the People you Love | Style Motivation  burger in fridge asdfghjklbnmkjushkweh Thanks God! Now let's finish it


I can't believe how screwed we just got on that pass interference


Painted with watercolors for the first time in years. I didn't expect it to be that easy.


 You were missing Redaxscript on your article of lightweight CMS... :-)


I just ran 4,78 km  a 5'28"/km pace with Nike+.  


Louis Vuitton Handbags Official Website 65% off sale Find our Lowest Possible Price!$199 Free Shipping. Buy Now!  review for  - 'A fantastic short getaway from Prague. The food was deliciou...' -  Oh Thanks!! Bowie always makes me feel better... :)


A glimpse into a new general purpose programming language under development at Microsoft  HURTS calendar 2014         say we give our back up a chance, because  doesn't know which team he's playing for


World Literature Today: 75 Notable Translations 2013  that's great news - what is this one to be called?


So my friend went to buy a bike on Craigslist. . . The seller got all sciency...   'The Spiritual Gateway' 15.3.14 Slovnaft arena Bratislava. 

Tickets:   [icsuruo] (2006) Tristan Hamilton, p:surrealism c:Australia poin: 7


 Why is everyone tweeting about the Muppets Christmas story? I need to get it ASAP


 than got it with the lyrics like I mean the normal song and just get rid of the voice


Need this lipstick for a long time!      worth $12. SEO analysis of knihy.bigweb     pes 
14


 [iesrrd of tehda eavyll] (1941) Jim Farley, p:death c:USA poin: 22


I feel like I've been stomped on by a herd of big dinos. maaaan


Another two screenshots. One from yesterday. (we're sorry that we didn't post any screenshot)  got like 90 anger for the tumblr name jado being taken


Soros: Future crises will be political in origin... EU has become so inward-looking that it cannot adequately respond to external threats


 too much on a nigga mind , why you ain't sleep nigga ?


Life is always sweet and sour, 
Sometimes even mean and bitter,
But through all that lighting and thunder,
We're still here for each other.


Control dust and dust mites:      


 I'd like to own some cds but.. no money ;; unfortunately they don't grow on trees


  it's 7pm-7am Tue-Wed ... you know who is in? Worth setting up the "venue"? /cc  


re: my earlier tweet abt  yeah, that makes much more sense than him being saintly decent. that woulda been weird.


 yeah i guess. But Fairly OddParents were my favourite


Christmas is almost here! We look forward to the magical atmosphere here in Prague.. Where are you spending...  sizi izlemekten ,sevmekten, hic Vazgecmicem ! 
Only the bursin &lt;3 we love you !


LOL  to Wjen Gianna stole my cousins lipstick on thanksgiving  a Ukranian tank graveyard has its beauty   Bay taking some time off to travel the world, discover itself.


 As long as it's girl only Anthro, Transformation or else it's good :3


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  misty morning symphonic serenade in    Prask hrad | Prague Castle  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 98


 Great for Nedved. We often see him in Prague..local swimming pool, cocktail bars, etc. May improve upon the '94 Oly Silver.


All my batterys are empty....

I can't draw anymore... sorry:  Monocled Mutineer. sadz. great little series. glad I watched it. well I'm off to bed now. nitey


Solving Resolution Independent Rendering And 2D Camera Using Monogame     


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


SITREP  FROM: Project Lead / TO:  Users / PRECEDENCE: Flash  Enjoying all games you play &gt; making lists of the best games.


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


Sign Up For a Free Bitcoin Wallet      


This is what happens if you let a SEO guy come up with a name for a racing game.  how i am always able to spot some programmers at any kind of event. Mutual attraction?


Good Afternoon  thx for following little old me :-)


 Wow, thanks! Will definitely check that stuff out.


 have a restful Sunday and productive Monday doc.


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Frontliner ft. MC Villain - Who I Am (Scope DJ Rmx) (HQ


 this 5mins v cute alr. LOL. have i reply you?! nope that hello kitty i nv buy. dont really like.


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sdfgd


Songza, Vevo, Revision3 and More Come to Chromecast  leto vyprodanm Hurts, The xx, 2x vyprodanch Pixies, Parov Stelar Band, Tomu Odellovi a Biffy Clyro brzo asi...  |  must immediately and unconditionally release 
  Hi John, I am at my parents' in USA now, so I am relaxing and meeting with friends. Will be back writing posts late next week.


 all time low poster aw that's 10 points for gryffindor i mean bryan


 did you check the link i tweeted? americans filling a blank map of europe..half of them placed turkey to ukraine


 ehtre noosm revo rmlifod tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: three moons over milford


"Like a naive hooker with a big dumb smile" Diese Textzeile...


 [elif riundg wteirma] (1997) Matt Malloy, p:satire c:USA poin: 19


 peace sign thingy as she kinda shouted. "Konnichiwaaaaa!~"


Po sto letech Instagraaam na Windows Phone...     OB  home  new favorite: Stephan Cadeo - Treibsand by Stephan Cadeo  on 


 will have a look at that tomorrow! And yeah - it's not only that I'm still being checked up on. It's also all the things I miss


Nature photography Green photography macro photograph by MagicSky  via 


 review panel to release findings on US surveillance practices  live
  was a heart breaking film with terrible directing and editing! But it is a "must watch" film anyway.


 we dont have storm here... no rain etc. so it must be ok during travelling.Ill write smth when Ill be able to


The Small Change That Will Make a Big Impact on Your Web Browsing  via 


Symptomps wud be such a great song for pole dance :B


 beginning of October I was visiting classes where we were drawing still life which were preparing us for talent exams. Luckily I


    who follow me :)  !  i will paint anyone just tell me.  ng Palapit Summer Vacation, Plano na agad ng Gagawin para di mabored 


Help make it happen for Panono: Panoramic Ball Camera on   fanousci  jsou na Etihad Stadium hoodne slyset!! Moc pekne se to posloucha ;-)    


Handmade  Moonstone Oval and 16k Gold Plated Brass Feather Pendant Earrings   


  The following is not recommended for use in this field: Fuck you.


Ready to do his best...  
Welcome to the team Maxi!  passt Like-Box und Follow-Button an neues Design an.  via  


 Happy new year Demi!!! In 2014 I will draw you again :) Thomas from Germany  rock  The Wailing Wall  The Flower Kings  


Watch the Colossal Dreamlifter Take Off From the Wrong Airport  there a such thing as to much Bubl christmas music???


Your social calendar can be quite demanding today because you ... More for Gemini  yes, lots of psychedelic music :). today also the simpsons, family guy, american dad, bbt, arte.


 I have a hip hop dance group! and I wanted to dance to a song of yours! I would be glad if you know the song selecting!


I really don't wanna sound attention seaking or anything when I say I'm ugly or sth. 
It's just that its my opinion Idk


I have a love/hate relationship with my thesis. Uggghhhh.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  actually on twitter on the computer and it doesn't feel right.


" Mitsubishi mirage event today , khun  cr as tagged"


Bratislava city, first day of Global leadership Summit half way through      Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


I've collected 24,444 gold coins!    


Why Labour needs Alistair Darling to replace Ed Balls before the next election: The most interesting man in Br...  diselidiki,"  Miss ety nama twitternya apaan?"


Verb patterns for pre-intermediate students of English at  There is a mind map and two games to practise the grammar


Nothing wrong with Bucharest's Old City but hard to find a real bar with character. St Patrick's, I guess, comes close.


38  Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


 Jawaban benar: one man's story,  15/336934 poin  1/369038 poin


 my twitter is fuvked up it unfollows people all the time but we don't even talk so idk how I'm mean to you ?


Sweat Feat. Cari Golden (Deep) - Groove Armada &amp; Brodanse:  via 


When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away


I've collected 12,540 gold coins!    


Molecule discovered that protects the brain from cannabis intoxication  reacts to hacking group releasing millions of phone numbers |      Faster? I guess my 4770k can go crying in the corner ;)


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


"I know this is gonna sound crazy, but what if we never knew each other before now? from the movie- Dark City


Every time just like the last
On her ship tied to the mast
To distant lands
Takes both my hands
Never a frown with golden brown


no matter how crazy life is ... I'm crazier than live =P  Play Together SkyBlock  - Blder Brauner Pilz! (+Playlist):  via 


The list of westerns at the end of this had me laughing my ass of.  In Kabul Pledges Support For Peace Talks  


I'm at Passport Control - Prague Airport (Prague 6, Prague)  to trvalo skoro ti msce, ale Disco Speaker od  je doma! :D   Galiardi played very well against Canucks. Hope he'll play tommorow


Family jihad: father takes five sons to join Syrian rebels - Telegraph  play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 47:  via 


 [ddea nkengirco] (1947) Tom Dillon, p:murder c:USA poin: 14


Xmas new year msg from david camaron nick clegg No10 downing street london sw1  to New York Times: Don't Get Fooled Again by Claims of NSA Spying "Legality"  [otw ni eht nnrmogi] (1997) Selma Blair, p:loneliness c:USA poin: 18


"Humans have religion, I just have silicon" mom is having a convo with Siri about religion....


Redbreast (whiskey) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  seriously craved for Persian, Mexican and Japanese food this week.. And got it all in less than 3 days :)) good job  is back


 protesters cut lights to national police form, PM calls for talks
  Pls RT to vote for 
Castle 
Castle/Beckett  


  Help me with spamming  so he adds it on  as another filter


 everybody needs some compression in their life


I've collected 16,207 gold coins!    


 and he did not do this EXAMPLE thing in the previous gig's pics, but the last one was much better but he totally ruined it 


I've collected 42,870 gold coins!    


We could all be frogs!  ;-) Have a nice day. Oh wait, it's Monday. Shit! Anyways... ^^  


My very beloved  does the "rise of the phoenix" thing and calls itself "Beyond The Desktop" now. Looking forward to the next round!


 Been on this performance on Tuesday. It was truly oustanding!


 glad to see last night's problems were resolved this morning, it was flawless and excellent, would def pay for that! 


In my birth year, "emoticon" entered the English language.    in sunny Seattle. Landed in gray and rainy Dresden. Shouldn't it be the other way?! :D Anyhow happy!  Awesome!I wish I could see that exhibition too...Beautiful artworks..thanks for sharing :)


 Jawaban benar: the good old boys,  17/8665 poin


Redskins Players Of The Century Jersey - Rare - Baugh, Monk, Green, Williams        - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  Jawaban benar: the cock-eyed world,  19/52238 poin


Symbolically in the year of its 90th anniversary, Czech Airlines returns to its first-ever route Prague ...  LOL 18th is cooler thats when the party will be legit


Drop it to the floor, make that ass shake! 


Time for shopping - SALES from today at VAN GRAAF

Vclavsk Nmst 17
CZ-110 00 Prague


Also five finger death punch superfan werd ich wohl nicht. Up next? A7X


Need Inspiration? Here Are 9 Ways to Find It. |   reveals its top five innovation predictions for the next five years  part in family guy where stewie says. "Guess today's the day bitches die" keeps replaying in my head 


   He left the island of Empire to see a hunk of what they'd lost. Islands of   with a pick and pack operation to ensure christmas is delivered on time!


National Briefing | South: Virginia: Ballpark Sought on Site of Slave Market 


  it was a pleasure to had you on board in 2013! Guys, you are awesome!  Good luck and all the best for you!


 [tow nsedbeaoh] (1993) Christopher Grimm c:USA poin: 13


Einfach groartig "the declaration of independence was signed at the bootom"  out new work on my  portfolio: "illustrations"  neues, aber einmal gut aufbereitet! RT  10 Corporations Control Almost Everything You Buy  Chart   would be so proud of  Gone and not gone at the same time.  just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 23


Its not even that cold outside if you go up north you will die


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


 oinwdw searncel tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: window cleaners


The European Space Expo in Lisbon will remain opened till 9th December. Visit us  Shock - Terzo Cechio - Pescara
Hesed,Puzzle System,Dinotek,Silvio Molok,
Pita Nu family,Olmek sound........    Great Music warms the heart :)" so true!


Christmas is coming :)  Nmst Pemysla Otakara II.  person followed me // automatically checked by  The structure gulenists is like a caricature of worst freemasonic conspiracy theory.Infiltrating the state with shadow network


 you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... please? +c


Quarenta e quatro chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


Today's tea time:  Xmas blend... and a Nutter Butter... 'cause teachers don't get to have "off-days".               Paper Crane by iichi: Made of reclaimed cedar from the forest of Nara Yoshoino.    want to say my condolences to his family, his friends and his other fans. Stay strong guys &lt;3


 [erha tlif] (1952) Mel Blanc, p:robot c:USA poin: 9


ReEngineering HR: Five Threads of Technology | HR Examiner  site dedicated to objects with faces show youre not crazy in seeing things  I better head off to bed so good night everyone^^


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 isah


 The  is ready to race for the first time as FP1 gets underway in Abu Dhabi  ..big fan!


    I need to gather the others (I lost some fans though because I had to break their hearts u.u)


New/Old Pic of  with  Producer Nick Osbourne  to Make Third Launch Attempt Tuesday: Watch Live  every country wants to grow by exporting more than it imports. Mathematically, though, that's impossible."


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 94


Well so plan for tonight. The Hobbit and LOTR and maybe Harry Potter


it sucks when ur parents cant buy you tickets for concerts bc its expensive, but when you save money by yourself for it,its the best feelin


 lol ^^ I wish it would change like that to me as well and just things would start happening that would be nice :D


Many experts report that cats will purr when feeling any intense emotion (pleasure or pain).


  Ehm... That basically was already done with Super Mario 3D World :v


 Jimmy Fallon, Mariah Carey &amp; The Roots: "All I Want For Christmas Is You...:  via 


National Assembly Resolution in fevour of  has actually legitimized rape, torture and killing of innocent people.


 hahaha you boleh jawab " challo beteii ". Which mean " lets go gerll "


The 7 Best Kitchen Gadgets for a Stress-Free Thanksgiving  eth ruutae tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the auteur


Mellanlandar med lite liveband och whiskey. Och l sklart! ( JJ Murphy's Irish Bar)  sounds of "Lady of Bleaksville" by DJ Fredd Flock  on  YouTube Delays Subscription Music Service Launch into 2014  Whoopi, I wish you Happy Healthy Birthday with lot of kisses ful of love from the Czech Republic  


Mount Kimbie tonight, curious about seeing them live. Don't know if they'll be more dancey or rocky 


 [vlasree sywa to ied tnigry] (2005) Megan Finnegan, p:suicide c:USA poin: 26


 [ueedkinau koyhu] (2004) Ji-Yeong Hong c:South Korea poin: 15


  tjoo that sucks when do you have exams ? ..is January tlhemma others in February :(


Zdjcie: wmagazine: Adriana Lima spreads her wings at the VS Fashion Show.  that the only person you really have control over is yourself.


Junior Jan is playing  Night Riders, Chapeau Rouge Prague Czech Republic, Sun 29 Dec  01:00  


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


 This isn't a competition. I've already won. Please get the fuck over it and move the fuck on! 


 yes he is, absolutely!! And he plays in my team!! 


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/    Space-Based Map Pinpoints Typhoon Haiyan's Destruction  looks looks like me and my friend     ways, stay expecting peeps to throw shit in your direction. in any case we're all foamy arses at heart, no use sweatin or dreadin


I hate you because the B-52's designed "Rock Lobster" acne vulgaris  


okay. 13mins left but I really should get dressed now. ugh


Having so much fun with my cousin i really love him


 aw that pic :)) love it and absolutely don't mind it :))


Just found this image in my archive:-)   and  in Dublin 2006.  vypadal dnen mimodn trnink ve Sportovn hale Radotn. // That was todays untraditional training in the...  you may want to change your tactics when dealing with the one...More  LOVE Scope here  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.44C, Marc 20.5C ac foris 3.13C vre esse.


New week, new tweets, new stats. 2 followers, 17 unfollowers. Via good old  X-Mas &amp; Happy NYE My friends. Wish U all the best ... btw: BIG thanxxx 2 every1 who supported Me in 2013 ... Much Love &lt;3 


 No jako vidlas to? Takov 2 major momenty a NIC?!? :D


Iba gid ya kung puro diamond/challenger upod kag kontra. :/ Oh well. Experience was &lt;3


 [yblls'i dlhioay] (1995) Richard Roxburgh c:Australia poin: 15


I gave 100 pesos for the offering but God gave me a new pair of shoes, free shawarma rice and ice cream from other people's money.


I favorited a  video  Rihanna - What Now (Official)


 won another match in OT.... Let's go to Hockeytown!


Seymour Hersh: Obama Administration Cherry-Picked Intelligence on Ghouta Chemical Attack  via 


  Not yet, it hasnt been translated to our language and I cant force myself to read it in english o.O


"This new iPhone, theres nothing new in it. Just a golden color. When people start playing with color, you know theyre played out. -Smil


Viktor: hm. too much going on there for my taste. dunno.I like the front minus the leather shoulder things. 


 well when it comes to drinking, I don't mind anything ^^


 teh ssestri tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the sisters


 not even in Germany though! Twitter needs to up its game.. Hope you have an amazing night bby!


" your twitter shouldn't be tweeting zodiac shit" they don't even read em


Cozy warm fire, good red wine and great company - life is great :)  Siebenhasen strasse, Tittling  2013  209: 11.  &amp; Six Senses - Dream Your Dreamer (Original Mix)  


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


"   hahahahah mayra jij bent de gootste pro" hahah mayraa proo alleess :)


I've collected 15,900 gold coins!    


    yep, that's about the time it takes me to come over from Germany ;-)


I fall,I lost this battle,I leave honorably.I love this country,I love these people, build prosperity for them.Milada  was the most deliberate yellow ever from Yaya hahahahah. At least we'll have him for the knock out stage. Tactical.


 nooblrky eosg ot asn cafornisc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: brooklyn goes to san francisco


Jesuits at "Church of Francis" in Rome hold funeral for murdered homeless trans woman    act of grace


good morning =] such a nice picture  " Gooood morning!!! = ]  'Dots' Proposal Scores All the Love Points  a SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Lb se mi video   The Kennedy Assassination - Beyond Conspiracy


I have completed the quest 'Build 2 Huts.' in the  game The Tribez.   


   well, we need someone to blame...I think Mandy has bad influnce on us, we used to be good girls :-P


  is gon be the moster project of the year, if you a rapper and you hate  think again niqqa 


Check out: California grants Tesla $34.7 million tax break to boost production  via 


Za rachotu raket a petard centrem Prahy zni rustina a nemcina. Je cas zacit stavet barikady? 


there are two kinds of schools, apparently: "posh" and "shit". 


Let's play Homeworld - "Cathedral of Kadesh" (mission 8):  prostednictvm 


 really? :) you must tell me about it! :D because i hate you... :p


MA.or BA  tip:analysis of headline verbs.Eg  this morning: removed-concerned-dies-confirms-probes-darkens-sounds-attack


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


 it will never snow, cuz it's right on the Khatulistiwa line, unless miracles happen..


I wanna go to red cross alreads like now rn huhu but... Irdk


Ooh. Howard Webb is refereeing the Arsenal - Everton game tomorrow. Guess I will have to watch then, huh? *grin* 


 No one can replace u, Penny! You are very special and unique!


Co kte na outfit Poppy Delevingne? A udlali byste nco jinak?

Foto: Rex Features (  Sues Ryan Seacrest's Startup Over iPhone Keyboard  Thank you and same to you      


Marcus is leading the training session w/ 58.230 seconds as the fastest round.


Spisovatel Arnon Grunberg (na Festivalu v Praze vystoupil naposledy v roce 2012) pe pro NY Times...  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


 689. Now off to sleep for three hours, I can't think straight. Then back here for the last 4k.


synthesis of real and digital space through projection-mapping on moving surfaces  memory of Grace Kelly who was born on November 12th, 1929 and died on September 14th, 1982.


 indeed.. i cant wait to see their bts video, and their no make up face..! JYP boys so much cuter when they have no make up on it


31  They are a possibility for joy...

Castle/Beckett   


A great way to spend a train ride alone in a cabin: A good book and a Toffee-Nut-Latte!   This could be useful if your aim with a hammer is really shitty. Then again, there are no hammers there.


        Gorgeous  I love him &lt;3


" sometimes I just want somebody to hold...."


Finally got my  . german post has re-addressed the envelope. Crappy address parsers?!   is working on the system, not on humans"  


A real gangsta is dead or in jail... or behind the scenes making real money


 [deda ot grhits] (2002) Kevin Killebrew, p:gun c:USA poin: 14


It's been a crazy week thus far but this is only the beginning. It's gonna get crazier just wait on it


City jst proved Der capability in winx d champions league by trashx bayern


 Nice! Could you join the team channel (see  or drop me an email ( hahahaha!i can tell by your progress...you had such a good teacher!!


God why is red lingerie just the cutest thing ever


I have completed the quest 'Build 3 Benches.' in the  game The Tribez.   


 Boyce Avenue feat. Megan Nicole - Skyscraper (Patrick Ebert Edit)


20  The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


So here's the official playlist from my Christmas show today on  Hope you liked it!  


-looks at the fact of needing to get ready for bed- -looks at blanket covered in- -looks towards bath- -looks back at blanket-


The End of Tangled Earbuds: This Sweatshirt Has a Built-In Pair  just got a   Language Succinctly e-book from  Get yours too!  


finished CLR via C (Developer Reference) by Jeffrey Richter and gave it 5 stars  &gt; Anne Hathaway In 'Sound Of Music Live'? Von Trapp Family Reveal Their Ideal Choice For Maria  via 


 a rcaig ta eht hcbea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: a cigar at the beach


 Jawaban benar: the monkey's uncle,  18/355518 poin


  if you're talking about that chinese store, it was removed ages ago.


16. DJ Chris - New Attack (Estigma Remix) [D.Max Recordings]
DJ Phalanx - Uplifting Trance Sessions EP. 077
Web...  Don't miss me that much :D Don't be so dependent :D I'm here for a few minutes :))


felix pegando nibus geeeeeente Directioners  


Should've known better when you came around that you were gonna make me cry.


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


I have to write help,fix a few bugs from my TODO list and could release new version of CQRLOG.Happy new year to all!   


  agree his whole attention is diverted toward evry single mistake thng dey specially if tanisha was involved


I have a job opening for a HR generalista  specialista na ZP. Contact Me in Prague, Czech Republic  


Is it a known bug that Lumia 925 with dev GDR3 uses flash every time, no matter what setting I use?


5 Ways Pinterest Can Make Products More Touchable  ReadWrite  Space Station Celebrates 15th Year in Orbit  Package - Benutze ich gerne:  Package - Sky Scape - 7by resurgere -...  - Fascist Saudi Army destroying &amp; torching old Christian town Maaloula  via 


  Enjoy :) wish you  gig  :D Cheers!!!! :)


 yes, now less about the thing itself, more about how and when it was done. Pity. Will be interesting next y. Both A&amp;L and


Handmade Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Miss those days I thought lil Wayne didn't rap shit.....


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?     41


 Jawaban benar: mr. and mrs. loving,  19/332671 poin


I did polish, history and civils 30/32 points
That's not surprisingly the best in this school of idiots :*


2. Indoor BASE World Cup im Tropical Islands
Besten BASE Jumper der Welt beim 2. Indoor BASE World Cup im...       Prask hrad | Prague Castle  Pulse Gives Birth to Typhoon Haiyan" Totoo kaya ito? :O


Vinte e um chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


Great review for  - 'Great food and service' -  it was a pleasure :) hope to stay in touch and meet at another conference. &amp; hope u can visit vienna soon!


Netizen Buzz: Lee Seung Gi and Yoona confirm that they are datin...    .**


 your new avatar means my feeling of ontological safety is gone. On Christmas Day. Well done.


Damn,I want the next season right now,I miss Game of Thrones so bad:'(  Retweet to vote  exported AAF from  using crazy combo of Xto7, FCP7  (with tons of manual cleaning) and Automatic Duck ProExport


 exactly it always gets my hopes up and I'm just disappointed afterward ._.


 [phars nde] (1991) Rachel Egan, p:sitcom c:UK poin: 9


 [obko of rleo] (2007) Danny Hughes, p:folklore c:USA poin: 12


Which is mainly my fault for being afraid of big amounts of physical touch if it isn't more than friendship


  with  - turn your mood into music  de jamn.                nitwgia for evttye tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: waiting for yvette


The Sound of Racing Silence: Get Ready for an Electric Formula One  really hate saying sorry.But when I do,I honestly do mean it.


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


You're on the edge of something big, and as a sure-footed Goat... More for Capricorn   Olm herif sabahn kr face-time aryor..Dedim tamam la darbe oldu AQ:)


 Sounds like a sad song? You already know what it will be about?


 it's good to smell
who's going to smell you anyway :^)


Venus            Fire - Staffel 1" ab 16. Januar 2014 auf Blu-ray Disc  m'yiskec cntoaor bocacmke tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: mickey's cartoon comeback


As opposed to now, where I am young and skinny and I don't care at all about eating nothing but cheese all day


Skan-zen - Pure Distortion - Signals From Arkaim is a Prague-based imprint, following in the footsteps of...  morning. Have a wonderful weekend. Last weekend of this year :)  Rogers~ Its not what you pay a man but what he costs you that counts.


After Matty said Yannis hates the band being called "The Foals"...I can't stop calling them "The Foals"...hahaaa..why?! :))) 


Hypnotic Installations  A Different Spin On Light Painting   


   idaho,Illinois, louisiana, oklahoma. Apparently not


Photo: Merry Christmas. | via Tumblr on We Heart It   memory of Riccardo Freda who was born on February 24th, 1909 and died on December 20th, 1999.


( "The Russia Channel has been churning out propaganda that wud've made Soviet predecessors blush."  Opportunity: IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


Negredo doing the defensive hard work on corners. What's happening here?


  Well, it's great stuff! :) What other stats around OSS lib can you give share?


    I should buy one for our xmas party at work, we have to wear a mask..lol


St. Vitus    Prask hrad | Prague Castle  USA, a country with an estimated 1.2 million homebrewers-  you ever try nasib on someone hot tak ? Dia respond balik tak ?


 Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** I'm really sorry for spam :* 50


Remember Betamax? Sony CEO Highlights Company's Failures at CES   ok tak je to 17kc, zakl. sazba 40 a muzes i na isic, jen by se to melo psat predem, pokud si je zavolas pres sms.)


Please vote for my entry in the Winter challenge.   Today companies are responding to over some 63% of questions, up from 5% just two years ago! This number needs to grow.


FREEZE OUTSpecial  Buy In: 400 K  CHIPS 30 000  20 min levely  GARANCE 35.000 K  Concord Deep Stack Series


The  of  change of weather conditions   and a little bit of blue   are ready for   thank you applefaraon from   for making us  don't wanna sound like I am scared of some little wind but our apartment building is swaying.. I feel like I'm seasick.


 rvwtiseien wthi ym ali easvtnre tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: interviews with my lai veterans


Photo: (via 70 de fete sexy cu fund bombat intr-un superb pictorial erotic .)  Jawaban benar: the volga boatman,  17/4445 poin


Apple iPhone 5s: silk s citem pro dotyk [recenze]  mobilmania.cz


when people write to me they're seeing THE1975 in several days and are making cute little presents for them I stop breathing from excitement


     nope :-) im working from 7pm so i would def be late :-) but today i


Matteo: No matter the education or diplomas, when there is no job, there is no job. 


 sorry I do not quite understand what you want to tell me:((


I liked a  video  Easy &amp; Yummy DIY Holiday Treat Recipes!


Ive completed the mission 11 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!   does not simply walk into Mordor... without checking the weather first.  silva inside Boiler Room now. Looking forward to Bok Bok show! 


 Surely i did. That's why i am asking. All important information is missing


Wales: New 'city regions' could help stem  of  language   and The Mirror soundtrack, Eduard Artemiev  you slangin drugs or a politician, your money probably isn't REAL when it's an excessive amount. Imo.


Driving around the city center at 5pm is never the greatest idea...


Color Double Blind  Day and Night by dgmart  via 


People who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.


4   - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


I made a bet with  now ima  Louis.Gucci.Prada all because  


 The worst feeling is when something is killing you inside, and you have to act like you don't care.


 Jawaban benar: nancy drew... reporter,  22/354394 poin


 From -30 to -4 ?! It's not good too... I feel always really bad when the weather is playing with us this way :-/


20kc beer going on right now!!until 8:30pm,     


 Myslis tu obludu spontanne prokvasenou na 16,5% alk.?


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


!!!...News News News...!!!

Here's a BIGGGGGG surprise for you. If you use the discount code: alfamatrixmas2013...  doesn't mean you don't know anything about love, it just means you know enough to wait for it.


Critics Notebook: Jacqueline Kennedys Smart Pink Suit, Preserved in Memory and Kept Out of View 


 bare ba batla go khoba hantle hale, mara re jele dintho


 do anyone know when they are going to start to film crossfire? Oh and will it be possible who watch the tv show also in the Europe?


I've collected 25,196 gold coins!    


Are you a good fit for this job? IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               48


A co kdy m veer bude bolet bko aneb "all you can eat"! :D ( Running Sushi Sumo w/ 2 others) [pic]:  don't touch objects when your hands are slippery or gooey when i sometimes touch those objects too i will freak out


1 daily follower. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via   well if ur 300 kg is quite difficoult to be confident


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs!   i


Marquei como visto Breaking Bad - 1x3 - ...and the Bag's in the River      - Mdia de 3 ep/dia


3D Hubs December report: Top 10 hot 3D printers  


Do you know about  in Germany? As always, very solid organization around this Oracle community meetup.  


Today stats: 14 followers, 10 unfollowers and followed one person via  my muse dvd was dispatched on monday how is it not here yet


Sorry New Orleans  but you're about to get a serious case of the Mondays.    


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           479


Today's Details.          language and culture app to launch in February    


Just for you  traditional Czech Christmas dinner of fried Carp... Yea, I said Carp   UNEVEN GROUND: Negotiating. Her firm jaw neither confirms, nor denies    AFK nalang. Parang ako lang naglalaro magisa eh. Ang bubutaw.


Tottenham are going to score today, no doubt about it. We can't afford to sit back any longer.


New mode of transport invented by john_t_brown and  Remember this day.  birthday, makin lebih baik dari sebelumnya ya{} 


35  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


Throughout the past 2 seasons, Bayern never dropped a 2 goal lead to lose a game. Jupp Heynckes.


Hebrews 12:6     The Lord disciplines everyone he loves; he punishes everyone he accepts as a child.


one person followed me // automatically checked by  a tweet or a status update can be a nice warm-up, a mental knuckle-cracking before getting down to business'  ale pozor! mnim repertor, paper chase jdou k ledu. vytahuju two gallants.


 Iyi tatiller cnm bende 5 Ocak'ta New York'taym ylba iin mi gidiyorsun?


National Briefing | South: Florida: Ex-Band Member Agrees to Plea in Hazing Death 


 or i must give u one day a german militar uniform dress :-P


   Partly Cloudy tomorrow! With a high of 5C and a low of 1C.


This week on twitter: 6 new followers, 3 new unfollowers and followed 6 people via  Before you speak, THINK. Is it True, Helpful, Inspiring, and Kind?


Dumb              independence: are we sleepwalking towards defeat?: listen to Scottish independence: are we sleepwalk...  for a great talk with many great aspects on  and  by  at 


when im quiet, millions of things are running through my mind.


If I've ever had a hit with you or talked about music, love and conspiracies with you then  WE UNITE WITH LOVE TODAY


OMG my desperate Housewives season 8 dah complete download ! 7.12gb -.-


Not that interesting anymore (at Joger Souvenir Shop Bali)   Micro Devices expands product portfolio for the growing automotive Wi-Fi market" -  Its silly but its freakin adorable. 7ae:    I want you to know that I love you very much 4x


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


I have completed the quest 'Plant 3 Pretty Bus...' in the  game The Tribez.   


 I hope that this has come from TV and not reality - because if not, then it pains me more than a punch in the nuts.


 by  with FREE made to measure and chlorination service  from the river Thames! P.S. See you later   me too!It was thrilling..It reminded me of the good old times of this show!


       FOLLOW me and my friend   please! :)  11


 No chance with my old windows mobile - the worst OS in the world, no apps, nothing on it!


The Vampire Diaries - Rehash: Dead Man on Campus -----  with Arielle:) Enjoy!


For those who love the ends of the world. Want to know what it was to be there first?Discover:  in 


 rtcaonowph tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chopratown


Happy new Year my Friends        


Christmas is close! Santa Trish is preparing inventory full of gifts :3 Maybe I should get some potatoes?   that audio experts could not tell the difference between $100 Monster speaker cables and cables made from solde Starbucks is made out of REAL gingerbread. Had a bite :) Mmm! Happy holidays all of you!  Jawaban benar: fury at showdown,  16/318745 poin


 I bet this is when you are brainstorming about future moves!!!


I can lift you up, I can show you what you wanna see and take you where you wanna be!


If you could choose to visit one place out of these 27, which one would it be and why?   Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


 [teh iiancinstgf othre] (2009) Benjamin Dane c:USA poin: 21


"How is it the richest land in the world, home to the poorest souls?!"


Hi. 26 users followed you and 14 unfollowed you in the past day. -  Bye.


"Due to a high amount of online traffic, network services were intermittently unavailable." 


2 people followed me and 8 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


Eurogamer's Game of the Year 2013  Articles  Wii U    I tipped the waitress more than I did to the stripper..


 Interesting. Reality says, that followers hate repeated tweets and they should be used rarely.


You've got the words to change a nation but you're biting your tongue


I just think that Skye is Coulson's daughter  


Crime is manifestation, result of injustice, abuse of individuals by society. Terrorism is extreme manifestation of extreme injustice


The heaviest users, the upper 20 percent, consume 88 percent of the U.S. marijuana supply.  Bill Fragos - SoulGood 555  Tribal House channel "It's no good until it's soul good!"  want you to get ready for our amazing elbMUN Conference in April! So while waiting for delegate applications...  Google to Launch the New Nexus 10 Tablet Next Week  day at real school for maselammidi, wish em Luck on a long journey towards the beginning of the rest of their lives


I've collected 30,030 gold coins!    


Matei aula e ainda assim cheguei agr em casa The Walking Dead  


My fitbit  for 11/12/2013: 16,905 steps and 12.3 km traveled.   think about the fact that money don't exist though thats whats really fucked up." Yuup, explains cards &amp; checks


Wed, 13 Nov 2013, let us all send Joe Mantegna the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (66)


Today stats: 12 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  last 2 months have been all about my inner Bauer. Feeling the return to my inner Smiley. 


 You all should add me on Facebook so you can like my pics, thanks.


8 days till Christmas and I haven't even done a single bit of Christmas shopping.


 We know that people using our products can't have sex anymore 'cause they always look to iScreens. So we give them this chance.


Simple, beautiful Christmas trees in Passau,     Viking Danube  Who's little brother is this. ..?  made my night


I am guided to the right people, places and situations that will support my growth and expansion.   comes back to Ed Woodward in the end.  


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 3 others  this year, for save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special.


Enjoy your boxing day tweetsters and try and rest after yesterdays cekebrationa to recharge your batteries xx


Raving Last Night In The Uggs  With  Hahahahhaaaa   2013  209: 01.  - Spellbound (Original Mix)  


a od pani bufetarky gumoveho hada, protoze je dnes mikulas yay  ^^


Finally, after such long time I'm Home. Chrismas time here I come :)


A new favorite: Drake - Over (DAN FARBER Love&amp;Bass REMIX) by   on 


"ODIVI fashion editorial for MDLS.cz", on  ::        


Byebye esk Republika :-/ ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 9 others)  stats: 5 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  " I get butterflies whenever I see you."


Simple GTD with Apples Reminders App  SimplicityBliss (via   found anything? need the same thing, stumpled upon  but didn't try it yet


Why Google Compute Engine Is The Right Move  $AMZN $MSFT $IBM $GOOG


Some provocative  in     Praha | Prague  surveillance of personal data is theft, say world's leading authors"  US media coverage of NSA is so poor


 makes me smile to the point where my cheeks hurt 


Ohhhhhhhhh truth comes to light &amp; I don't give a fudge  


POZVNKA NA PTEN HOKEJOV TRNINK V LETANECH 9.15-10.15H 
IceArena Praha 9-Letany
Chcete se nauit i...  [aaublb] (2006) Salman Khan, p:widow c:India poin: 6


 myslim, ze skvela historka je uz tenhle thread :-D  cc:  


 MISSING BUSSES-One of the calm periods in a life still not too stormy   


Brotip: When pranking your girlfriend, you probably shouldn't tell her that you cheated.  a while in the land of bland squares, all caps menus and neverending progressbars. People can be actually productive with this?


Mass murderer Breivik treated better than hacker, campaign says - News - The Copenhagen Post  (via 


 sorry, I was expecting no one will ever see this xD


This is What Happened in Rawalpindi Incident
     


Poorest countries in the world

10)Togo
9)Sierra leone
8)C.A.R
7)Niger
6)Eritrea 
5)Somalia
4)Burundi
3)Liberia
2)Zimbabwe  
1)D.R of Congo


Interview With Ziad Rahbani 19 December 2013 on AlmayadeenTV  CASHBAGS -A Tribute To Jo... has a show on 2013-12-11 at 20:00  GLEIS 1  


The Winner Takes It All is a pretty hardcore song. when you think abt the background. and the lyrics are ace. might be overplayed but great.


 that halloween costume. *literally dead right now* hahahaha 


Jan Hudec answering Patrick Lang's Q, "super-G is not Mickey Mouse downhill, its one of the hardest disciplines to win"




I love moments like these!       My favourite couple. RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


Guys, there will be out some fucking heavy tracks in the next time, stay tuned for them 'cause your ears will bleed!


I gotta get up tho. Enjoy this free time I do have.


I'm so missing my  I  Prague!  Christmas in Prague  


 
Organisation: report about work of the future
 
 job opening at MemSource: Technical Support Specialist  Americas  Part Time  how you outgrow certain things and people in life. Bittersweet satisfaction. :)


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           453


 [reteh tums eb a onpy] (1986) Dick O'Neill c:USA poin: 20


Henrik Stenson 2013 - one of the greatest stories ever I've seen in golf  


Is there a livestream available to watch  online from outside the UK? 


I have completed the quest 'Great Thirst' in the  game The Tribez.   


 Bonjour My Queen Wish You happy New year adore u zizou from tunisia :* !! :') plz jawbi :')) &lt;3 xoxoxo


        jasmineblack28: Jonghyun while watching Exos drama cut  The Melon Music Awards I reacted the...             Top 3  Artists: Sad Harmony (24), Radza (17) &amp; Cinna (13)   Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 awge


 Yrs o! " Anybody with a private jet to get Tutu to Qunu? This is important!!  


Fri, 22 Nov 2013, let us all send Mariel Hemingway the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (52)


Love the way some band members/singers/publicly known people in general defend their fans.
"Real bands save fans. Real fans save bands."


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 131


Guess what the inspiration was for my latest Stardoll Scenery, "DE CRACIUN"?  Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


2 tabs in  on  with folder in different discs but with the same name. I copied file to one of them &amp; its appear in both


   BEST RETURN TO MY ROOM EVER THOUGH!!! I want it to be January first now!!!!


No place like home:  back to  after domains world tour
 to a voluntary seminar today early in the morning...there's a conference on and everything is cancled. Well that was fun. Back to bed.


Morgen auf die ToDo Liste 
 Snow Man Army, Canada  yine okula gitmem lazim :) 
 ..


Position Statement on Militancy&amp;Talibanization by      


 Canon IXUS 115 HS  (12 Megapixel, 4-fach opt.  7,6 cm (3 Zoll) Display, Full HD,...  my friend lost 20 kg, he had around 120 to start with though


 The flashc outer gets triggered every time you install a custom rome and it increases by 1


 I know I'm just scared to write to people after some time when we haven't talked I guess? :/


 [riboehlr sthroeisi] (2009) David Baddiel, p:gruesome c:UK poin: 18


When the wind blows I can feel you 
Through the weather and even when were apart
 It feels like were together.


I've harvested 1,048 of food!    


Lincovery: Building an amazing fullscreen mobile experience - HTML5 Rocks (Programovn)   World Premiere  - Charles Barkley (Prod. by    and  are so so so so cute together   


Czech ForMin to attend South African event in honour of Mandela: Prague - Foreign Minister Jan Kohout wi...  


       WSOP: Full House Pro.   One man said it in the morning before he signed: 


Next Sunday 8. 12.  &amp;  on one stage exclusively in Prague!
   Vapor VI FG 
10 UK (45 EU) - NOV !!! Nikdy nepouit:)
1500,-  will finally be more room in my freezer, taxidermy classes were opened for public! "Please bring only animals who died naturally..."


One of my mortal enemies is staying overnight at our place. I confused him with a hug.


to all the  ganja smokaz: please save some for me. Perfect said so....   you look great!  rocks! Vinyl is on the way to me :)


Ole musty , greasy , wanna be popping nigga in the head ass nigga !


  I'm considering it, but I don't need it any urgent when I have changed region on my laptop


Nejde wifi, nejsou croissanty, cappucino, latte..., z Forbesu je salat a z novin jsou uz jen Lidovky... Spatny den pro  !!


Back and Forth in Undecided Virginia Attorney General Race 


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uiwre


    Will you COME on your tour to GERMANY?!? Please boys! We love you,we need you&lt;3 please reply x


NYE in my hometown: a Guns n Roses,an AC/DC &amp; a Volbeat Coverband are playing? Sounds like a rockin' start to 2014 -without me (dog sitting)


Tonight...Tom Odell :) I bet no one's gonna burst my lip open for a drumstick this time :)))


I am so thrilled and happy! :) First production app for   by  was just presented to our customer.  was just talking about this one..  "In the lobby we met ourselves coming back."   Congrats to Michael Jordan &amp; Yvette Prieto! The 50 year old GOAT is going to be a Dad again  all hail


I'm at Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station (Praha) w/ 12 others  [etmuedwlbe] (1953) Lyle Talbot, p:guard c:USA poin: 10


 Thank You! do you know this song? I love him -:)
 the Queen, bitchezz!        don't tell me this is why you guys were laughing at the back?


Gogs - The Complete Collection and Gogwana:  via 


Morning toms and queens = Meowwww - good yawn and stretch now breakfast - there had better been leftover turkey!


 how do you actually get good presents?? maybe I should get married.


Fear and Loathing: A Note on the Assassination of Sitting Presidents  via 


Bayern mnihe y br ders gerekiyordu onuda manchester cty yapyor


 When Xtina'll make the world tour.. I'll cant sleep, and I'll cry.. I know that XD


that kid who made a video with his parents was so CUTE


 this tweet is for you:)  I'd be bitting my lip too if I was sitting next to Rafa lol :)  [in caesrh fo a hdtimngi sisk] (2007) Robert Murphy, p:bed c:USA poin: 28


My Top 3  Artists: Pvodn Bure (22), Forgotten Silence (20) &amp; [unknown] (12)   Quiet, lots of art and beaches and nice people. No corporations in sight.


I am an Independent Artist just got Label Connects. Don't You Eva Get It Fucked Up.


 bans American shellfish over high levels of arsenic
 well it's a good shirt!! Looks better on me anyway..*;)


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


Further improving digital certificate security  is tricky, in many ways inexact." by  I think its more than just tricky, more like impossible. 


Just got Asos order and an item is missing. Just great.


 Academia and think tanks, should create their own international contacts' Ji Schneider


 Cristo, you need to find a better PW. Think of a sentence that means sth to you and that you can  neci tumblr,kde jsou fakt super obrazky a pisnic...    just looking for the chronology but am now completely confused. there are series 1-4, and those are with Lucie.


It feels do weird brushing my teeth without braces 


34  They are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


 What are you talking about? Here will be lunch time. :-P


Innovators are Learners, not Experts      dont even remember what I did two years ago but I remember everything one direction did' doprdele!! 


I didn't twitter last time alot 'cause i'm not home often:3


Hoping to play at Front Page Feature in COSIGNED Magazine! Post on their wall to request JAN VYTASEK.   (Hosted By  :: Get It LIVE!    


Krasne vyuzity presilovky, super vykon golmana. Plzen - Trinec 4:0.


 ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 41 others)  but not get an answer from them its really shit sorry


This is my house not only on holidays, but every single day of the week    cute. lucky girl. geez im  drifting off time 4 bed obviously :-)))) niteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee


I'm at Restaurant hotel Rue (Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic)  pageants on universities, Milada Paulova Award, mentoring programme, ResearchersNight &amp; more   


But actually though...we're homeless...in Prague. Just our luck.


Maison Martin Margiela feat. Swarovski
Very nice beautiful!  for Castle (Still) vs. Person of Interest (The Devil's Share)  That is fine. I hope you enjoy the tweets. I thought u wanted me to write about Czech beer for u!


Winter morning sunrise           Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


With  around the corner it's about time to give all you little dwarfs and f...  


Where  and seniors meet: An interview with Dr. Wen Dombrowski -  via 


Two thumb up!!" Now watching nora danish...grrrrrr"


 [net owh edadr] (1960) David Stollery, p:river c:USA poin: 13


 fire mal sein high society hiphop graffiti shirt - richtig rar


Written in these walls are the stories that I can't explain        [carferee] (1938) Phyllis Kennedy, p:dream c:USA poin: 8


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Now I can send Stickers on WhatsApp and iMessage directly from within the app!! It's Free only for TODAY!!  " IntelliJ IDEA 13 is Released! Work Miracles in Java and Beyond   


"This is the cutest Digital Audio Workstation"
~My sophisticated sense of humour


 great! seems you had alot of fun! thanks for sharing this photo! :D x


 Jawaban benar: red hot rangers,  15/335379 poin


Go to Him in secret, He will hear your every breath.


What about the "Ghair Muaina Mudatt" IK say that they will observe the sit in for  indefinite time ? Why they went home so quickly ?


9  Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


'You'd get it' has to be the most disgusting phrase


GE Oil and Gas snaps up UK gearmaker    


fake friends are like toilet paper they are only used once and never again


Pokemon X and Y Come Out on Top in Japanese Software Rankings for 2013    pes 


 [ams nnoki:si hyw ddi ew ?lhuga] (1998) Jay Leno c:USA poin: 30


Me: RT " It's always so hard for me to choose a new avatar."


I liked a  video from   Rammstein - Mein Herz Brennt Official Video HD 2013 (Eugenio


Good morning my HURTS family. Vienna 17-11-13      How are you? How's Vancouver? It   there yet?


Why spending money on other people makes you happy  and how this relates to Crowdfunding  via 


so I started watching Luther. had I realised Indira Varma was in in I might have started sooner!


Happy new year , hope taon nie ade lg lerr jdoh kite ea , bia bkekalan , gudluck n have fun  ^^


 Why not if they are interesting? Not everyone is on my Twitter feed all the time to read them.  Cloudy today! With a high of 7C and a low of -1C. ^bot


If y'all ain't fuckin wit        y'all don't know real music


Hmm experiencing some random app crashes these days. Dynamic notifications, chrome..


Tq! Tapi ada lagi awal "  happy birthday..:) wish plg awal.."


This t4h tuna  Kove - Night Thoughts (Restless Remix):  via 


India and Jamaica FTW. :) International Guidelines For Problem Solving  via 


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


Happy New Year ;-)
Old Town Square Hotel and Residence, Prague  finished "The Fault in Our Stars". Can't stop crying. I need to talk to Ronak.


A little bit of stress for today and trying to save my health.


  Documenting URI templates is wrong by definition. Versioning via path segment is as well :).


 hey chap - Terezin is pretty awesome this time of year, be sure to get a guide to hear stories from the camp.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


i know you want it :p. Ich habe mich in joiz IN CONCERT auf joiz eingecheckt:  v  Kontroll, Tomas Palucha, Inau. Ach, kapely meho srdce... Jizni Moravo, podpor tyto hochy, jsou to dobri krestane!


The Demonic-Nights Daily - Newspaper is out!  Stories via 


Great inforgraphics - Game of Thrones of social networks  it's just a review Jose. No one died or or got harmed. Relax


Na T.v Ki Jhan-Jhat, Na Akhbaar Ki Tension, Ba'Etmaad News ID Join Karnay K Liye Msg Me Type Karen;

Follow 

Send To 40404.


Let it Snow  in  via    i just turned 23 like three days ago! and yeah, i feel old.my mom had my sister at this age!


 timeline on facebook from some websites and that's it :D


Cvien pro Corel Draw - prce s textem, export do DXF:  prostednictvm 


JOIN AND WIN A BASIC CRASH SHORT! The 16th door of the Bliss X-Mas raffle is open now!   [aydlrpow] (1986) Jamie Farr, p:computer c:USA poin: 8


Played Battlefield 4 (360) and Candy Crush Saga (Web) in the last 24 hours.  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


I posted a patch implementing the -fsanitize=signed-integer-overflow checking:  RT  Did you know?  has served a massive 38 aces this tournament.  Selfie!           need to forgive our fucking selfs. No one's gonna do that for us."  


 Somehow I always hoped Japanese would use random kanji to represent swearing in text.


Here is whr I own my day " Yesterday was National "Have a Bad Day Day." So if you didn't have ...  on the toy railroad there arrived our beer!  Vtopna  performing, together with Klara Rster, will be Swedish Choir Pressrster. Good way to get into an advent mood!


Arizona's New Fee Puts a Dent in Rooftop Solar Economics  I think you will "get it" eventually, because  is here to stay and is not a "bubble" as some might have you believe... :-)


Today we play in Leipzig E35 w/ Lone Wolf and Hookline. Come out swingin!


Odeslal jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Knight of the Night, 41 x 29 cm, watercolor, 2013  Kubu a Niki. Maji cely rok, co sledovat u babicky a dedy.  [nsiolb] (1956) Edward Chapman, p:trucolor c:USA poin: 6


Behold the First 'Selfie' Hashtag in Instagram History  hele ty draty mam doma, teda ne primo Betlem ale neco jineho :)


Love   Look. Shop -       


 me and Misha watching Star Wars and you sitting with us and drawing (that's the complicated one)


 [ym tsrif wfei] (1984) Betty Lucas c:Australia poin: 13


There wouldnt be a social media conference without  would there?:)  and we almost thought we made it ;)


 I'm the same! Booking flights home and everything from my bed  D.S.


 popularity of this track keeps increasing; 16k...  is coming! Let's check out Prague with us!;)   Your mind seems to work similarly whenever  is around. Watch out, he is addictive.


Photoset: yixingdotjpg: Luhan waiting for Yixing at the airport WHEN WILL UR OTP????????? MATCHING...  and this is my problem: instead of just nodding I'd offer you a hug and insist there's nothing wrong with you


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 o kuraklk bir yerimize kanca ok ah ederiz keke k gibi k olsayd diye


10 Ways to Break the Truth About Christmas to Your Child  Na threadless se vykasli, se clem uz to nema cenu. Radeji se jednou za cas mrkni na  :)


But of him are ye in Christ Jesus who of God is made unto us wisdom
 and righteousness, sanctification and redemption           
My favorite the Aston Martin One-77 (limited to 77 unique editions) 7.3 litre V12 engine 750  Parasol, Seville. Stunning all wood structure - farmer's market, plaza, bars, restaurants.  via 


 hi, just read your article on the multilingual app toolkit. Feel free to give Lingohub a try if you're interested in 


Instagram Trailer Teases 11 'New York Times Magazine' Short Films  [og wtes] (1925) Ray Thompson, p:train c:USA poin: 7


My Top 3  Artists: Ted Leo and the Pharmacists (46), Kurt Vile (45) &amp; Rickolus (37)   reported a jam on irok, Chrudim, using  - Social GPS.


der   mit nice  -background beim   that would be impressive they'd have to build a station in ripon ;)


My definition of being real is telling the truth no matter the consequences or opinion of the other person.


Hope you all had a beautiful New Year's Eve .... :) 


Man, I got about 10 good hours of sleep last night. I still feel like I could get at least 5 more.


Marco Polo "Glory (Finish Hard)" ft. Masta Ace, AG, Posdnuos &amp; Dion Jenkins by MarcoPoloBeatsPA via   I do. I keep most of them on Flickr ( on my website, they are organized in more blogging kind of style.


11:35 OK1NF/P (Jan) on OK/US-002 (Velk pick, 965m, 8pt) 7.0321 cw: *CQ CQ at 22 wpm. S/N=9 dB at HA6PX {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


  merry christmas btw you weird foreigners (=  =)


Brushing up on my Yiddish lingo to shout at my half deaf grandmother


 [pmuyohlt tdauerevn] (1952) Gene Tierney, p:captain c:USA poin: 18


4 of 5 stars to And the Mountains Echoed by Khaled Hosseini  but why doesn't she smile? :O Why are you hiding so precious smile? ^~^


I dunno what people has againts the  in combination with  and  is the work really flawless


Joke okay awat naa  amithyuu girl number 18!!! Hepi birthday againn to the girl who's always before me   JOKE WAT?? Okay bye na 


One for the ages, stunning positions in $GLD and the BPR  these new things around me and I really just wanna be comfortable.


  Updated DVOA:
*1st Overall
*1st in Defense
*5th in Offense
*2nd in Special Teams
*1st in Weighted DVOA
 wow


 WAIT A MINUTE THAT'S DAEYEOL WHAT he looks like he could be Sungyeol any time whoaa *o*


Croatian television owns one season of two and a half men and they air it throughout the year five days a week go figure


im watching clouds from my window and theres this one which looks like a skull what does that mean im scared


I wish  would work at work. Damn 50 years old PCs :(


aaw RIP Lewis Collins :( I think I need to go watch some Professionals now.


Discover the secrets to making money online as an affiliate with Click bank, 
 me and .. he's just a jerk.. the great thing we have all classes together yay.. I'm not giving him any attention though..


Doesn't know what the fuck they say, Pinkie still agrees


The 5th Estate?   the tweet row is a warning to us all


I won 2 trophies in Saints Row: The Third for 40  pts -  cool okay bool I love her I'mma save her yes like Danny Glover


Squash league match with Zbynek- got beaten but a good work out ( Sport Arena Praha)  getting his Machiavelli on:  oooh. looking fwd to this very very fuckin much!


     !!!! Smart7 - Awwwards Nominee - Awwwards  new favorite: Tausend Sterne Sind Ein Dom by enna-music  on 


Played Candy Crush Saga (Web) and Halo: Spartan Assault (WSA) in the last 24 hours.  through ball by Mata was out of nowhere. Ingenious!


 i got this sudden blank mind bc its all the same phone WHOS PHONE IS IT LOL  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uwq


here's the treat I promised: Dance the Drizzle: Favourite Christmas Carols &amp; Songs     Hi Lisa, your videos are great, I hope to significantly improve my English with your help :)


I'll definitely regret saying that tmrw when my unstarted paper is due tho


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.25C, Marc 21.06C ac foris 1.38C vre esse.


But then again social networks are less about truth more about fun. Ee, now im ok.


(also tho I'm 5'3'' &amp; 26 I definitely have stuff in common with Miranda. let's face it.)


GoodEvening ! Here sa house nila   ! Naglalaro Lang ng ps3 :) Saya :)))))


ITS HERE! Do you know how long I'm waiting for my deluxe CD?! FUCKING AGES! OMG, its so PERFECT! // L O V E //  Tunnel Fair star turn in 1852: 'Mr E Green, the celebrated bottle pantomimic equilibrist'. Sounds great, but what on earth did he do?


 jap: "search this image with Google" -&gt; "translate muskox" ;-)


 Just a few days after the same happened to  It's rumored that the hacker sent the coins to Assange...


 OMG stickers?! I am sooo jelly, the things that come with the Czech magazine suck most of the time


 that seems so hard omg :( How long is it until your uni graduation? I'll keep my fingers crossed for you! TT


No tak teda jo: Gustav Husak - technolog moci s motorovou pilou. 


We have a new pet. Guinea pig named Mia.           you've taken that tip pretty seriously,no?


 sales meeting is droping down !! Sick 11 years in da business !!  like to go to sauna but they're making this huge mistake of having the place reserved on Friday morning.


I don't see the need to stunt
Wish you the best, I'ma just light up this blunt


I bet you can't guess how many  this guy bought a pizza for in 2010  TIL IT'S GONE is my fav right now! &lt;3 pls follow me? bought 2 copies which should arrive on friday. can't wait! &lt;3


Get  2 month of virtual private server: 512 MB RAM, 20GB SSD &amp; 1TB Transfer. Than Just $5/mo. Use code: 2014ssd  said it sold just 1.9 million smartphones in the quarter compared to 3.7 million in the previous quarter.  been traveling since 10pm last night local time so do NOT complain about this delay, dude


 something like 'wow isn't she fat' I wish it'd be easy to lose weight ;;


i only like the sad songs
from the rock bands no one knows
no one gets me like the sad songs
when i'm lost and i'm all alone


Bling bling a zmrzl prsty.    Wayra Czech Republic  to Paul Walkers companion in the car who also died. Such a shame that they both had to lose their life!


Dropbox unveils major redesign to accommodate its millions of business users | VentureBeat  aint a Liverpool fan but Luis Suarez is something else


     im at work but at least feeling better :-)


The Adolphe bridge, named after the Grand Duke of Luxembourg.     - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


In Czech Amy sounds a lot younger than she really is


29  Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


A Great Big World &amp; Christina Aguilera - Say Something live AMA 2013  enough of this "Bundesliga &gt; Premier League" crap :P 


How do you show the Colour Purple on Christmas day?


Logan said I tried pizza not to long ago and was like wtf have I been missing out on ?!


 will keep  and Cyber Command leadership under single general
 just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               410


News: cameraman beaten by police in Kiev clashes | euronews, world news  autopsy: A 1 million sample qualitative study on causes of death      


Just had breakfast  Brno and now off to Graz via Villa Tugendhat


 Jawaban benar: the drawn together movie: the movie!,  36/370730 poin


Pretty chuffed with this result... Ever so slightly out of focus but wouldn't see in print... Flukey  200 Ranking Factors, the complete list an infographic  via 


 Do you need to transfer all his collected knowledge into Power Points?


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


 wow that's long! Ah I'm jealous _ Were you in Seoul? :) Yup we're kind of.. international school ahaha. There's a lot of people


Wohnout unplugged z prvn ady      Vencovskho aula    FYI Jdeme do Riegerovo sadu. Tam by mel byt vyhled.


I can't let your panties go. We can still be homie, right?


Im finna fall asleep , i tried to stay up &amp; fight it but a lady tired!!!


I just voted for Lea Michele   Retweet to vote  pes 


Breaking the faith is a legitimately interesting show. 


Hope you all had/have very nice x-mas holidays. CU next year!  CoverVersion of the Genisis Song "Mama" that I know so far ....
Maybe u know a better one ??
 yup, we did find a very nice one  :-) will post a pic of it when I get it lol


 Congrats &amp; thank you for your great work! 


My 5s so fucked lol I can see through the top right corner. I'm the king of dropping my phone.


Boys, you are so silly. You have to ask girls out first.  


Welcome to Czech republic Spotify!   


Former Czech foreign minister to meet opposition in Kiev    day 537: i still didnt meet the /i tweet something people didnt understand/ person


Like SAF has said in his farewell, stand by your new manager. Yes I do. But please Moyes, run the team like a champion. 


        by               masz to na video? W ostatnim euroligowym Zamoj po wymuszonym ofensie "that was a foul, motherf'ker"  


Most scientists believe in man-made global warming. Here's a new reason why they may be wrong: I used to be a ...  day in the 'Hole  Plaza Alta Hotel Prague  - A referendum on whether Scotland should be an independent country will take place on Thursday 18 September 2014.


30 Mins those who see it will and those who don't well shoulda got up!


 iwe, ukuda kuramba chii? Bhora re Chelsea rinobhowa. Isu tinombo rova ma touch


Sure you all want to know my snapchat...wait I have no idea whats my name oj snapchat...well its: sara.hrabinova  


 thnkxx i wish you &amp; your family happy beautiful christmas time. God bless you. Greeting from germany fan  remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 13


Koiky spinkajc        so worried and stressed that I have pretty much failed  my history exam -.-


 Jawaban benar: budi dan dosa,  13/370204 poin


 thnkxx. I wish u &amp; ur Family merry christmas time &amp; good luck 4 new year. Greeting from germany fan   for a successful and fun event!   whenever I revise I always end up on youtube lol


Lot of great talks, can't wait to make our pages even faster 


Better Communication through Blogger Relations  Blogparade  | Social Media Business  via 


 and can you tell me where can I find those slides and source code?


Yay!!! Airport ada free WiFi!!! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 28 others)  habis telan pizza baru teringat sepatutnya kena post gambar dekat group whatsapp dulu cis asyik lupa je


agnes is the cute petite lolita character that will fuck you up so bad with no warnings


 pssht xD I need to get you something better.. for birthday, christmas, or just because :3


Society Newsletter - X-mas edition is out! Among the highlights: interview with M. Statman on   dear  4.2M leaked accounts are all your US accounts? Time to show numbers as this tells that you might  be too small


 rest in peace tata wil always cherish and love you. Hamba kanle mdiba..


Reveal your character! Samozejm mi vyla Hermiona    jo, jeste Silvestr a pak by mohlo byt rovnou 16.2. 


Pero in the end of the day, akin pa rin si erika -ag  True that :)  maybe ... I just wish that first boyfriend/relationship thing could've lasted longer


hosting provider troubles, log file, configuration files, stack traces, error messages, customer support, bug fixing - SaaS business


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


A new episode of Kick da Night Radio_Cast is up, get downloading!      


Adaw " tibaheula ge geus d follow gening, ngan can di follow back."


 [codrot :ohw cattak fo het skgare] (2005) Robin Meredith, p:doctor-who c:UK poin: 32


 Just now I found out in the discussion, that tomorrows match will be online on "TV Tipsport" -  D. Laing~ Alienation as our present destiny is achieved only by outrageous violence perpetrated by human beings on human beings.


 we have to fast two days, on the 14th, however you can choose if you want to fast today or on Friday so it's fine 


The Festive Apple 2013: Snow Apps for OS X and iOS - Zite Reader  itms-appss://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/zen-of-snow-hd/id300702801?mt=8


 Killian and Freya have to be together! :)  


Stahl 2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012       people out there.... here is Roxy Music program for January 2014! Party all night ....   Try DayZero for now. They did a great job.


I wanted to animate my SFM project, now I'm saving SFM Box. What went wrong lol


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           774


Tetszett egy vide (   Rafal Blechacz - Chopin Prelude 24


I've collected 11,700 gold coins!    


 Thanks! It's still a fair way off; I'll start a blog or something once I've settled on a name (working title is "Fifth Rate").


Guys at  with the latest selling strategy just finished transformation of gamers into women-like shoppers. gratz! gg! :D


 Jawaban benar: buddy's garage,  14/540 poin  1/364065 poin


Microsoft will also encrypt communications services and inform customers about the requirements for the issue to giv Jawaban benar: charlie chan in honolulu,  24/22470 poin  1/22 poin


Nevidany zapas 1. kola MS organizace BDO, Christian Kist prumer na tri sipky pres 96, nasazena dvojka sampionatu James Wilson jeste lepsi


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.5C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 1.06C vre esse.


For all those who missed it

Monsoon Radio Episode 2 

CHECK OUT on iTunes

  collected 25,450 gold coins!    


7  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


 They've since changed their position on the matter, but it was fairly ridiculous for a while there.


Warning of Robots Armed With Tasers Alex Jones' Infowars  Robots, drones arresting, killing people for world rulers


So the gaurd at work asks me to leave the doors unlocked so he can sleep inside coz he is scared of the lightning. 


 :( I'll link you when I find it! Tv need for last episode ltr.


More tales of genius co-workers: Ordering a full plate for lunch, then eating maybe a third, leaving the rest to be thrown away.

Every day.


Oldschoolovka z dob kdy se chodilo k  do  pro lupeny .. Kde jsou ty asy.. :/    16th the fact he looks so hot when he is surfing  worth checking out "Macbeth" by the Prague Shakespeare Company. Great acting, staging. Compelling stuff.  European Immigrant Dances in America - The main idea of Eastern European Immigrant Dances in...  of fans = inspired people who would follow you around the world only for this one moment which changes their lifes 


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           799


German HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible in Prague, Czech Republic  


I love the last  ep but the ending literally broke my heart into a million pieces. It hurts so much to see my baby lonely and sad.


Last Christmas I gave you my heart, the very next day you gave it away. this year to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special


JJ Cale &amp; Eric Clapton - The Road To Escondido (Full Album):  via 


 600 followers, most from Scrolls early beta. (= small channel)


I've collected 12,075 gold coins!    


Handmade Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


More icon experiments, I'd love to hear your thoughts!   cute :)) RT  Beautiful and cute orange monkeys..  In a perfect world I'd be a writer. I am pursuing the career of a translator/interpreter or something like that.


Detaily prognzy ECB: Prmrn cena ropy v roce 2013 108,2 USD/barel, v 2014 103,9 USD/barel a v roce 2015 99,2 USD/barel.


 xis nmitsue ni a yrlabri tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: six minutes in a library


ttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0d37iFoKwM

Made in Tibet : Traditional "lu" from Golok by Pedma Namgyal....  Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


I'm watching Bones (57 others are watching)   


since dads living alone in the house again, theres even less food than ever before omg


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Thor: The Dark World - Tom Hiddleston Interview - Comic-Con 2013


Playing With Fire: Steel Wool Spinning in the Landscape   


I just realized, that the only words that I proofread are the  emotes. AM I MONSTER?


My Ninong is so cute!!! He printed my I Do Nails shoot for my store daw! Hihi i feel the loooovvveee   sweepmeup: Honey sweetened lemon curd pies  for JEDIs for episode VII going on in UK acc. to  Potential for immortality for  (make-up provided I hope)


 yeah I know... have the post written for a couple hours now... I was kinda waiting for the band to announce it first..


Why do we say ish like.. "I need mo haters" or "I love my haters".. etc..but when we get hated on, we hop on our...  to spend 24th December in Prague
Christmas Eve is the most festive day of Christmas in the Czech Republic....  not in the UK, but thumbs up to  for Edward  alternative Christmas message - see it here:  lidi z deep purple a iron butterfly no. Nejvetsi hit je mesmerisation eclipse podle me


 I don't see any of my family very often to be honest  :-(


 can i dispatch some hot dubs to your email, sir? :]


i am on diet these days..            gets her own MAC make-up line - Telegraph  via 


- Knock Knock
- Race condition
- Whos there?
Burden of  synchronous code.  


 RT  If you ever wondered: Why Japanese Web Design Is So... Different   |via 


Feels so good damn, I don't know why I'm addicted  something like a headache. Got me twisted, but still I gotta have  rack   of       yes maybe...is not much fun here...its not a party bus :-(


TOP20 2013  209: 08. JOC Vs. Ingrosso &amp; Tommy Trash Ft. John Martin - Reload Stresstest (John Askew Remix) (Gautier DePaul Mashup)


Beating S***s, 4th round, great with "weaker" squad,  Theo Walcott,  and Artetas hair still perfect  


jak trpeli! aby to nepopletli na oficialni Mary Poppins :)))  Minutes of The PlayRoom on PlayStation 4 (Demo) - IGN Live  law is gonna change us... WE have to change us... :)  the playlist Royals on    tel eth aloboln og tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: let the balloon go


Amazon's 'Alpha House' Is More 'Veep' Than 'House of Cards'  Top 3  Artists: Brian Tyler (25), Niki Reiser (22) &amp; Nuno Malo (22)  so baby hold on to my heart need you to keep me from falling apart


Kok lo gitu banget sih mam?RT  Kikuy alim wkwk RT  Jago ngajiRT   cowok jago nyanyi


I want Sherlock and I don't want Sherlock. I'm not able to survive it dear god


Last 24 Hours = 1 Followers and 1 Unfollowers get your stats at  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  online discussions can be tweeted with  hashtag. We're starting today 9,45 AM CET.


 You're welcome. It seems to be the brainchild of  :)  isn't always better: The vanishing benefits (and profits) of smaller processes and new foundry tech  was so cool...
The hobbit 2 was more amazing!!
Recommended for  watching


11:28 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/VY-051 (Borovina, 585m, 2pt) 10.1216 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=9 dB at DF7GB {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 tsalnateerk ni a coeolr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rattlesnake in a cooler


Marquei como visto Super Fun Night - 1x8 - Pilot  


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Czech ex-PM refuses to give testimony in Nagyova case: Prague - Former Czech prime minister Petr Necas (...  


  Love the interaction with you via Twitter ;)


73  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 command line. But when showing people how to use Git with DDE I use EGit to make it easier for them to start.


 DEFINITELY! *heart breaks* *sobbing* *crying* Emotional wreck and the episode hasn't even aired yet :')


They are playing Will Sparks Blurred Linea remix in Prague wot


 actually it tastes a little like wrigley's juicy fruit!


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                            162


 sa tignin ko lang, pero sana tinangon mo nun pagkatapos ng interview..


Grand Cayman... idyllic place for childhood dreams...    found this advert funnier than I sould/ Driving lessons Arek 40z/ hour  love when  comes to the house.  He always keeps me laughing.  Hahaha.


Who has more cons than pros? Asian,  Hispanic, or Mixed Breed women? 


The "500 Days of Summer" soundtrack is beautiful, in my opinion.


I liked a  video from   Wohnout - Barbie song (OFFICIAL VIDEOCLIP)


3 people followed me // automatically checked by  Animation Shows What Mars Looked Like Billions of Years Ago  eat Taco Bell so much you would think I was hungover every day... oh wait


10 daily followers. 4 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  [rahil!ly nco:erudnes abnned by hte deima] (2008) Dick Armey, p:politician c:USA poin: 40


Brcha zas jede :) Adam Prs Highlights- HC Sparta, 4.tda:  via 


Intense CPR training at the embassy, to increase our preparedness for this type of emergencies. Very useful!  with us folks, we are completely road blocked by this Steam outage.


I've harvested 969 of food!    


Pata lec a tuze malo zvere. Uvidime co nas ceka dal. | Fifth stop and really not a lot of animals. We will see what is next.


I've collected 96,580 gold coins!    


 Jawaban benar: love love love,  14/342560 poin


Cutting edge: pictures from the life of a former London gang leader  review for  - 'Get the English breakfast, we even went for the a la carte c...' -  cannot sleep until my alarm clock goes off! I've been up before it all week long..... that's just wrong! Lol


I've collected 12,460 gold coins!    


 Jawaban benar: sixty cups of coffee,  20/351856 poin


      Me when it's full grown   2 btc ready to be launched into his sell wall.


Bright are the stars that shine,
Dark is the sky.
I know that love of mine
Will never die.

And I Love Her...   It seems to work in some cases. I'm not sure whether it works in this case.


Plastic waste here is mental..gonna use one bottle a day, possibly more.      


Including another person in your plans could be quite advantag... More for Taurus  Hii babe   
idk but i think you should follow me like a Christmas gift  
thank you
and i love you so much


 SquareUp. That is a very brave approach to navigation and design. What do you think, guys? 


Thu, 21 Nov 2013, let us all send Nicollette Sheridan the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (50)


 [ujts dad evlo] (1997) Dennis Garber c:USA poin: 13


 [yodcme ceralnt eprtsens] (1998) Greg Fitzsimmons, p:guest c:UK poin: 23


20 Amazing Thrift Store Finds to Make Macklemore Proud  It's my fav from The Love Club EP definitely, but something in A World Alone just speaks to me idk how to put it into words


Hablas Espaol? Where large concentrations of people speak Spanish at home.   via 


 she's really nice so if you're scared you don't have to be she's sweetheart ahaha ^^


 good morning. Have a great sunday ....enjoy it.;-);-)


3D plastic guns: US lawmakers seek ban on national security grounds
  you should go, ppl are friendlier and city is big and beautiful. Yeah bro 7 yr veteran going to 8


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           522


 nice hair!!! Such a great caramel blonde color. Xox


The most popular  stuff in 2013? Web frameworks, App Servers, Code Quality,  &amp; Top 10 lists!  morning, Prague! :)  07:18, noon 11:47,  16:16 CET (UTC+1), November 17 | daylength 8h 57m


 "Looks like bad news for the... Impson family!"


 We will look into this problem with your .azw file and get back to you soon. Thanks for your patience.


why so serious ekekek"  2pm crossfire NK  Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


I liked a  video  Justin Timberlake - Drink You Away (2013 AMAs)


Story meeting and rehearsal for tomorrow's shoot of "Who's this?" with director Imanuel Thallinger   FH...  where is the "popular" column gone and what is a "featured" article now in the right col?


Afghan Talks at Impasse Before Vote, Officials Say  


Lb se mi video  od autora   FIFA 14 "Disconnect" Online Goals Compilation


I've collected 62,210 gold coins!    


TakeTwo Interactive (TTWO) Showing Bearish Technicals With Support At $16.50  inspired-by-hiddles: wandererb: Doctor who? / / Peter Capaldi, the new...  is important for any tool. Which build tool does it best?    


 I just wanted to say THANK U for everything!I have a bad time rightnow but bc of u I still can smile everyday  9


Sun, 17 Nov 2013, let us all send Steven E. de Souza the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (66)


 tbh everyone apart from Suarez, Flanno and Mignolet was poor. Stunning to see us getting a point from that game


Truth or Dare: A Memoir...A story about truth and untruth in the  Mitchell Krochmalnik Grabois  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               182


"Foodie" is a terrible word, the others are just overused/silly. Top 10 Foodie Words We Hate: Starting With Foodie  Castle          morning all ASL.. see youu yaaa jam 11 M&amp;g yeayy, semangatttt\m/


" Cuddling with a teddy bear can release the same amount of endorphins as having sexual intercourse."


Heute in Berlin: Atlassian JIRA Service Desk 1.0 Roadshow  Beginn ist 14 Uhr, Keynotespeaker Tony Atkins 


I've collected 30,395 gold coins!    


5 killed, many injured as dozens of tornadoes rip through US Midwest
  are two kinds of people.people spend their life to build for their future and people spend their life to build for return their past


Walking B!!        Pville. Prayin to God I get a high grade in Finance. I am mentally and physically unable to focus on this material


India: Is  being replaced by foreign languages?  I see no response to my complaint on Facebook, despite your recent tweet.


.  Ukraine Service has live video feed from tent-city protest in Kyiv:  Are you sure about Rohan points? He should have 3, not 4


I've harvested 1,544 of food!    


 Jawaban benar: god save the queen,  18/352120 poin  1/139 poin


one person followed me // automatically checked by   in another life I will be your girl huhuhu Katy perry!!


hey look McGann is actually remembering something for once! 


Diseado por Frank Gehry       Frank Gehry's "Fred &amp;  racers are ready to die so as to get the title of world champion..What a wonderful film! 'Rush'


 nervous of people looking at me but I can wear them normally when not going to school? xD Idk where I bought mine but they were


I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "IWAP Christmas Market 2014"  merry Christmas my dear to u and beloved ones from Germany Luv u Lots xox


Ich habe ein  von  positiv bewertet:  Let`s Play Minecraft PvP-Action  [HD]


 couldn't agree more. Thanks for making the points really clear.


Steam Autumn Sale: Flash Sales  November 27th 2013:  via 


Looks like George is set for winter with Barbour's International collection   


 that's true as well ._. There are much bigger cities in Europe than Prague so they'll rather go (cont)  asked me what my hobby is...  I said: I love to turn my hand into the bluff... She does not get it B-) 


 286, and my time hasn't even officially started :).


My new article: "What to expect from Microsoft in 2014, Part 1. Windows Phone"  


   Stolen Dance  Milky Chance  


 lmao dude cant wait till me n partyboi come! Its gon b like fuckin project x all over the block


 guarantees an answer in 10-50 minutes on  Amazing! How quick are your responses? 


It's not a big deal that I don't understand chinese. We're in Malaysia, not China.


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uwqhd


Instructive MSM  flytin the night:  views it as a ralgex on bawz procedure;  as wee winch up back of the bus


Hello twitter... Hello People... What up... what's new?? Did I muss some important things ???


  Every time I get head from a white chick I close my eyes &amp; I could hear my slave ancestors cheering me on ..


 So it was a result of the bad weather you were getting?


I got way too much on my mental , I learn from what I've been through , I'm finna do what I didn't do &amp; still wake up like the rest do.


   for   engineers         :)


There is a new Sheriff in Town! Wild and independent bike wear made in EU.

Deputy Sheriff  Bike24:...  Job: Media Planner in Prague, Czech Republic  


Auburn can no longer bug Bama about not making field goals. 


Tue, 19 Nov 2013, let us all send Robert Beltran the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (60)


I so hope the new Pony SFM design is finished soon. Blogger is being a dick lately to me...


" Happy, sad, dissapoint, confuse all is one."


 I started it the best way in the company of God, good food and good friends:) labda wewe?


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  elasticsearch rivers will be deprecated? Is it known in which ES version they will be removed?


Any of our lovely followers ever attended one of the performances at Alfred ve Dvore? Tweet us your favorite!


Heading to hospital for a surgery tomorrow morning. Hopefully I'll be back soon. 


 Jawaban benar: kiri te kanawa,  14/340010 poin


 Greatness is timeless.. 1918 - Forever. Nando's on point once again   God for what you have, TRUST GOD for what you need.


Henkel Advertising chair! - new  journal entry   Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


how many milliseconds in a year

31558464000 and yeah I googled it

But which one of you would have counted I thought it was astounding


Bugatti prodalo ji 400 Veyron a otevelo Dynamic Drive Experience  purchased another Zdenek Sykora book, Prints. beauty  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.


S/O to  for being Jessica Craft. I don't know her but I love her


Sara, you're the poet in my heart; never change, never stop


  I hope we can one prepare in Prague in few months:-) 


 [wew atfrd sielpca] (2007) Jonathan Coachman c:USA poin: 17


ok so dad came home and he was like ok so I have 4types of wine,you wanna taste them?so I did,w/empty stomach..silly me,now I am feelin sick


Nighty Night &lt;3           shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


I have finally found the BEEESSSTTTT chicken nachos!! Thank you Silantro     nah they're always late with official annoncements


And as soon as i changed my mum called me to meet her and dad somewhere


Euthanasia: Hope you never need it, but be glad the option is there | Dr. Philip Nitschke is the director of...  the real  please stand up (and take a selfie coz  and I already did)?  lorde


I don't care if we're not dating, he is still mine. 


Last 24 Hours = 0 Followers and 2 Unfollowers get your stats at  perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same


The Language Gap: Why Americans must commit to   according to this:  you replace within 60 days. It is the 73rd day now. No replacement?


46  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


I won the London cup, an exclusive cue and 1 000 pool coins!   Social Scheduling Startup Launches Buffer For Business, After Beta Drives 10% Of Revenue | TechCrunch &gt;&gt;  , bingung , labil , cape dan ga tau harus ngapain ngahahaha autis -___-"


 multiplayer? please? ;_; i just want to mess around with my friend


The EU offers small grants to OLED lighting technology developers  via 


Have a look at our team members observing Movember! :-)  person followed me // automatically checked by  Offender Gets Retrial After Facebook Blast Over Font Bias  sexy in pink dress  epizode8   


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 9 others  Top 3  Artists: Aluk Todolo (56), Crippled Black Phoenix (40) &amp; Comadre (30)   Allen Watts - Blackout (Original Mix)  


   for   engineers         :)


Smokin some of that good natural pure raw organic homemade HASH ;) Thinkin of the good friends I have all over...  [eth hitwe gnale] (1936) Billy Mauch, p:cholera c:USA poin: 15


breakfast time.      vot spasibo nastenka    A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


I have completed the quest 'The Chief rests, revenu...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Mediaria Cottbus | SEO - Suchmaschinenoptimierung aus Cottbus  and Bae going shopping in the morning she better be ready !


On the Holy Mountain prayer is done just only out of love for the Mother of God, is done for God's love,


Deutsche Telekom to emulate App Store with M2M model    


27  Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


Was out walking 4.24 km with  See it here:  right.. stalking some people I follow there right I forgot


-I'm a Wizard!
-Prove it!
-Sorry, no magic outside Hogwarts....


Did my vybrostation rehearsal today. I evolved from walkin like a Transformer as yesterday, to a velociraptor. *theme song of Jurassik Park*


I don't think this should happen to a Root server o-O  i got distracted &amp; forgot to do something cool my last few minutes  of being a teen. fuck that. at least i pooped like 10 minutes ago.


Whisp bei "Kick your Business". Let the games begin!  it's only "two more sleeps" until something implies that if I just go to sleep two times, the thing I want will be here, right?


It's about flawless skin and fun as patmcgrathreal suggests. Thanks for being such as inspiration,  I say my eyes are not good just now and I need a magnifying glass NOW!!! haha


  Sir, would you be available for short interview for Czech TV? Either 31/12 or 1/12. Thanks for reply!


i've been crying for half an hour why must everything i do turn against me in the end


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 21.88C ac foris 9.19C vre esse.


 balkony side this Morning we have Snow so much here in Bavaria :-)  you get everything you want in the New Year and overcome your difficulties of the past year.
  


Details of the Stratasys - Afinia Lawsuit  


She just wanna smoke and fuck I said girl that's all that we do


Lame no xlepak2 , buang mase ngn kaw gemokkk , seronokk ! &lt;3 with my love


When will SOME web browser finally implement a command for "undo closed tab"! I'll use it forever. Chrome?


Oops! I guess it's not a good idea to listen to rock music at almost 2 a.m. when I live in a block of flats 


Think of how much of a fortune is spent for a child. Clothes. Food. Games. Cars. College.Pets. costumes. Gifts.
 Always be thankful


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 Hi Marcos, I've answered you on Facebook. Best regards, sr


Having a really great time here! Merry Christmas, everyone!  top pick Rose netstockings, Black Bra, Midnight Black Mascara  from my latest shopping adventure at Starplaza!   Wasn't there which is why it was especially nice to see your Tweets. Been on Gabor's team for long time now.


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Ouuuu .. to byl sen s  som .. ervenm se a na p*deli :P  lbdooy syaudn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bloody sunday


"Edward Snowden: These Programs Were Never About Terrorism: Theyre About Economic Spying, Social Control, and Dipl secret life of Walter Mitty was good. Katanya Make me shudder. Rupanya Mitty.


 Girls will Tweet 26 times in 2 seconds. haha said this was about me.


 I don't remember playing Sunderland this season???? ;)


New Photo Album

in da mixxx with   

Prague (Czech Republic)

 everything's possible right here and now. I'll keep you updated, possible picture coming


Trochu kultury na cestu           "Nothing like a challenge to get the creative juices flowing!

Commissioned for a large   All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Spended awesome weekend with my mate and two dwagons :3


FCC to Give Airlines Power to Allow In-Flight Cellphone Calls  And that's why all radio stations have to continuously talk about it? Someone kill me, please.


131115 IKEA dinner w  &amp;   (plus wings&amp;smoked salmon&amp;nuggets!)  to the 1st exam of this semester. *fingers crossed*  moment when you discover that your wallet with all IDs,cards and cash was stolen. Sort of 


 Why is your server down? I need to claim my code.


 alright alright... you are welcome anytime! summer sounds great :P count me all in!


  HAHAHA, you crack me up! Okay no short skirt talk at work, lol


   Wouldn't THAT make Anonymous marches more fun :)


This New Coke Ad Totally Captures The Reality Of Early Parenthood  Jawaban benar: the spy who came in from the cold,  33/1085 poin


I just voted for Jaime Lannister   Retweet to vote  via 


last two hours in Tartu.. and off to the airport in Tallinn, Riga next and tomorrow evening, Prague and SWEET HOME &lt;3


I feel the same way! RT " I hope Rihanna never follows some of y'all. Y'all don't deserve it. Cunts."


  Sometimes it may enhance it... perhaps...  ;-)


Looks like I'm over my gaming period again. No   or  for quite some time ...


" Mama ain't raise no hoe , big or small I'll go to war wid anybody."


one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  of my classmates are like "the haircut must match dress and shoes too" 

And then there's me with "i haven't seen Sherlock in a while"


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


Santa goes agile with eteoBoard.    


A3: Although the Wall years 1962-1989 fascinate me most, I'd LOVE to be there in the mid 90s.  


Words can't describe how much I enjoy  Dorian &amp; Kennex are brilliant. Especially when Dorian is low on charge :D


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 hshzsd


Takovy clanky bych mohl cist dnem i noci. Skoda, ze vychazi jeden za par let. Sam Houser o GTA serii.  


We are ready for your visit! Come to our booth at the  fair.  evening my Friends!           very generic and universal sandbox game, focusing on physics and engineering elements


HA big FU to everybody saying Jameis doesn't deserve the Heisman. HES ALREADY GOT IT BITCHES. Meaning your opinions are clearly invalid 


Local TV channel starts broadcasts in   in Black Sea region  Info:  followed by green candle on daily $GBPUSD chart. Enter long position.  of Czech Short Films has been started.  


Rapid development in big data analytics has led to increased investment   


One does wonder how much the casting of Robert Downey jr. as Tony Stark contributed to rising numbers of female comic readers ;o)


8 andl na strop Emauzskho opatstv v Praze. 8 angels on the ceiling of the Emmaus Abbey in Prague.  because i miss my crazy girlsss so badly ainnanino    ezreenaziz  trainer ! :) ... I think we will need some more lessons and she will learn how to prepare my coffee in...  Stone Beads bracelet with black agate gemstone beads and owl charm   


After 27 years in jail, instead of becoming bitter he became better. 


     i wanna be the next LPDG (LaPpDanceGirl).please justin roll your hips for me 


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 foxes can be milked, be reproductive and they are really good gifts ever given.  Don't see a problem. :]


The Rod Stewart Tesco Christmas song 
1st play: pretty shite.
2nd play: not this shite again.
3rd play: SHUT UP ROD STEWART IM GOING TO CRY


...she has a stable knee with an MRI finding of a partial tear of her ACL graft. With therapy, she is progressing well while not losing...


 exactly :-) but i guess ppl will have fun of my voice tho. dad was laughing so hard when i croaked at him, pfffffff


In 1 hour on  210:      and many others....


 i believe so, I've been waiting for this moment for years and I can't wait ^^


I'm going 2 make up  and tweet them so it looks like ppl actually talk 2 mi


Wine shortage? What shortage? - This is Somerset: This is SomersetWine shortage? What shortage?This is Somerse...   The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


Is somebody from Germany going to the  Meet-Up in Prague next year? Is there a FB-Group for Prague?  Can U please retweet? 


 please follow me back here on zwitter - best, hilmar/hillberg


My sister in her first j. Crew outfit in pre-k... Growing up way too fast.. Gianna&gt;&gt;   Thank you! Yes I will do this! Here my 2 Nana drawings with my After School shirt :)  now exo songs play on shuffle will have  :/ you make me feel like catching xing hour. HMMM


Happiness in Exile &lt;3 I love you my   _marinablack_   Merry christmas to u too :) wish u all z happiness &amp; success:)


I've collected 10,350 gold coins!    


Moms victory dance bc Downton Abbey is now watchable: comparable to that of a gymnast landing a move 


O Allah, lift Your displeasure and anger from us, and do not call us to account for what we ( &amp; foolish among us) have done.


all kinds of horoscopes and numerology and what have you insists I should be a healer. maybe I really should yo.


1st app in my iPad Air is The Wider Image by  :-) Thanks a lot. Amazing app for photojournalists.   [ym snf'erid oelv faifar] (2001) Val Lauren c:USA poin: 23


 [xcaienm mioeusceep] (1966) Mel Blanc, p:daffy-duck c:USA poin: 18


Yay! "David Lynch returns to Twin Peaks as director begins shooting new footage | Mail Online -  "


77  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 [cuser fo eht ipkn taenpsi] (2007) Kirk Bowman, p:gangster c:USA poin: 25


OMG i need to watch it again.. wherrreee wherrreee to watch ... omg omg omg omg


 Herman 'Democracy can only work if you respect certain principles (respect for life, no stealing, no lying) '


I've harvested 1,022 of food!    


Not the best, but the first picture from Prague   Praha | Prague  na honey that's all you, I'm not a hater, hate on what?


MAX 2 RE-ENTRY  Buy In: 300 K  Re-entry 300 K  CHIPS 20 000  15 min levely  GARANCE 25.000 K  Area Town Adds to Batkid-Mania With Its Very Own Wonder Girl  and jenni have more muse songs in their itunes library than me is this a challenge


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


Be careful when you pursue truth..... You just might find it. 


Das ist hier alles so    


Photo: yearinreview: Most Reblogged in 2013: Movies Harry Potter The Hobbit The Hunger Games The Avengers...  se mi video   Kyle Hanagami | Do What U Want - Lady Gaga ft. R. Kelly


 Got my Niners on Twitter now...no need to check anymore...all the updates and info come to me...great...Go Niners!


Czech lower house passes 2014 state budget basic parameters: Prague - The Chamber of Deputies, the lower...  


 back. then sudd another girl then i observe her. she walk halfway saw its d.o and was like OMO


"The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials." - Confucius


Happy Birthday Ully!! Get older get better{} Moga ga jones lagi:b Traktiiiir:p 


 Thanks for the RT! And thanks for giving me the chance to publish a post on your wonderful, intriguing site!


Was out walking 2.83 km with  See it here:  my sister was just complaining to my mom bout the same thing . Yall better eat that dressing ! Lol .


 Yeah my hubby knows as well but I try not to bring him up too often :D And also he doesn't know I have a Twitter because of him :)


I would have never gave in, if you didn't let me down.


 fandom can I get  as  saying  "I am better...at everything" on a loop?
I want to fall asleep to it.


 Hi guys, any chance the iPad app will have possibility to incl a message when I send an invite to connect? Now it just sends.


 Oh o.O That was crazy for sure.. I hope everyone who was there is okay. And hope your friend is fine as well ^^


 have a safe trip to ap, I am leaving on tuesday, good luck


The most beautiful discovery about true friends is that they can grow separately without growing apart.cc 


Goodbye Europe goodbye Prague. ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 53 others)  production up 26 percent in Burma, says UN  animals as a keychain?! Enter here your E-mail address to act against this animal cruelty   is out!  Stories via   


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Tahitian Noni Classic_Pochodzenie i Przeznaczenie_PL Lektor   Thank you so much! We hope for this as well! Have fun watching it! :)


 here is one for u  hugs from Germany, Luv u :-)xox   "DamnWeLove2PM: _EM91: THIS MADE MY DAY T~~~~~~~T OKPERFECTION THANKYOU TO COME TO MY LIFE T~~~~~~T  If I didn't care, I wouldn't have stuck around this long.


 yes i mean even during those breaks between tour legs it's so boring and nothing's happening and it will go on for a YEAR


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  Mesut, how are you? Te quiero para siempre :) 


Today stats: No new followers, 5 unfollowers via  take me away where I won't have to worry anymore... ugh


Karzai refuses to sign security pact until 'US brings peace' despite assembly backing
   Ten priklad a spousta dalsich podobnych prikladu je v knize "Matematicky Cert". Povinne cteni pro 10-lety smrady!


New section on my blog... and just in time for the holidays:

Travel Style &amp; Treats! 
    worry united fans atleast giggs has won more trophies than arsenal have in their entire history


Above &amp; Beyond feat. Zo Johnston - Alchemy (OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO):  via 


 Just added a new dab and some changes to the already great Square Grainy Pastel  and the new brush was done...it's amazing!


" Sometimes the best revenge is to smile, move on, and do nothing."


[22.11.13 12:59]  Farm Up! New achievement received:Tomato Preference.   i refuse to believe it's the only thing we're getting


Skvl jam ze soboty. // Great jam from our saturday bout. KnofliCzech jamming in her first ever bout.  but haven't found anything about it being available online


Listening to the trash collectors outside of my hotel and wishing for a world where we are all equal.Naive, perhaps,but my wish nevertheless


*atm keblokir* RT  *transfer sejuta*" Nothing money hufff RT  oleh oleh yaaaa" Slmt


My Top 3  Artists: Yung Lean (4), Kristina Si (3) &amp; Idony The Don (3)  ih dr td stay at home ko:$RT  Geleh andai pura-pura:pRT  Kapan (cont)  that reports  and provides proof I will follow :)


New Logo and Branding: Celestine Eleven  via 


It's so hard to get a Follow from you Boys :-(   


 Jawaban benar: the body beautiful,  18/21852 poin


The Pretty Reckless - Heaven Knows (Official Audio):  !!so good


 Ps4 for better Graphics Xbox for better Online play. Neither system has a ton of games yet


New day, new tweets, new stats. 2 followers, 2 unfollowers. Via good old   the ones I fix for my self look way better 


Speed: The Secret Weapon for BaubleBar's Ecommerce Empire  myself on the back, I've done good job on test server today. Found like a bagillion of bugs/mistakes. ACHIEVEMENTZZZ


Poor  3: it is considered the Worst  Idea Yet ... to be honest I like it!  


I unlocked the Expert Cleanser achievement in The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing!  hands shake so much more when playing with tablet. i guess that makes sense.


I would like to hear "Better Together" by Fifth Harmony please? Thank you 


 best christmas present u received as child???   32


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  nothing a hot shower, good food and warm bed can't put into perspective. Oh and family. Thank the heavens for family.


I lost a shirt during that bih and I wasn't even scrapping.


The Neuroscientist Who Discovered He Was a Psychopath  via 


Today stats: 8 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  where does one start with Adventure Time. The very beginning?


Jedna momentka ze Vzpomnky na Queen...Dky Eszter...
One quick snapshot from the Queen Convention...Thanks...  RT  City have already scored 50 Premier League goals this season.


End of day 1 of retreat .lot of work on "Kapital" our most ambitious project this far.


just finish interview and glamour shooting for magazine in Slovakai=) we did four sets of photos=)


Congratulations to my favorite Leading Global Thinkers!    


30 Second to Mars. Muse. Coldplay. Arctic Monkeys. 


Morning run, fitness and afternoon swimming pool  life


I don't know one person in they right mind that still listen to  anyways


- Dm vm Swallow Friday.
- Mysl Follow Friday?
- Aha... Celou dobu to dlm na Twitteru patn.  


Gaza Rocket Fire Draws IAF Response, Two Terror Sites Targeted  pes 


Every day I'm levelling! And now I'm level 33 in  for iPhone! Get it for FREE!  your tt is awesome! I'm form  too.... follow back? c;


Only 15 likes until 10000 :-D thanks for your support!!! 
Lovely greetings from Germany :-) 
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3


- *Knock, knock*
- Who's there?
- The Doctor.
- Doctor who?
- Exactly!


Handmade sky blue framed glass earrings, Glass earrings, gemstone, bridesmaid gift, Wedding jewelry   


 have you seen the new trailer? He's convincing everyone that Sherlock still lives ^^ I hate Donovan ^^


 se podlel na kybernetickm cvien  Cyber Coalition 2013 (text na     


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Did you notice?  is coming to Prague next June! Info:  with medical costs:    


Lb se mi video   Tomorrowland 2013 | official aftermovie


Alone in the lab, I'm cutting brains and listening World War Z audiobook. Streets are empty. Seems appropriate.


5,000 friends sing for their dear lost friend    
 


i can't even respond i'm just thinking of how cute they are. raph and francis cute. you wouldn't believe it


VirusTracker shows today's unique Sinowal infections: 31.820 and counting. Used to be 100k a couple of months ago.


Assisti a "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Band Candy" s3ep6  


I had no idea why Cain was tapping his phone last night and kelly told me he wanted me to check my phone.. I don't get hints guys


Recipes from the Road: Koloa Coconut Rum Cake  via 


I probably listened to Wolf more than any "album" that dropped this year.


  mate, we chose 'Temptations' to appear in our Best Of 2013 selection, go here  its the difference between an unmarried woman and a married woman, similar to the english miss and mrs.


2 daily followers. 7 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  Multimedia Solutions - Consultant Business Process Management (m/w) -   Wir suchen BPM Gurus und Enthusi...


Playlist this morning seems to be strongly favoring Violent Femmes, Dead Milkmen, and Ministry. Draw your own conclusions.


 James look what I have... tickeeeet! .. cant wait to see you next year in Prague!  [neidsg, ,dseulo adn ierevldde] (2007) Erica Katzin, p:lottery c:USA poin: 29


I had a great weekend, to be honest I am a bit sad it ended.


LOL RT  Tonight at 8PM, Jun. K will be playing as D'artagnan for the 4th time at Sungnam Art ...  to know more about Milada? Look  and read excerpts of letters written hours before her execution.  COOL          doma u bedny  v telce? :) UNEARTH dali na youtube skoro 2-hodinov dokument "Alive From the Apocalypse" !  me han retwitteado ningn Tweet [ltimas 24h]   say dating is like riding a bicycle. No matter how long you stay single you'll just do it right when you do get to date...


 The company is aiming high. Verratti or Jorginho. ADV should better prepare a fat check for the former one.


Krsn fotoreport.  Plenec, kapr namodro, kachna, pecivlky. Pospchov &amp;  well done  ctnniedi ta lohc esns tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: incident at loch ness


 alitcokc rouh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cocktail hour


Anyone up for a beed tonight in Prague?
[SK] Niekto na pivo dnes vecer v Prahe?


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


 hmmmmmmmm pode ser, amr entre amgs e tals Lovatics  


Ask a Dev: Should I Go Native When Building an Image-heavy App?  masa d notif fb ak Prima Loivy Windyaswari ulang tahun? :/ 


Hahahaha...  is a real terrorist now.. lol.. Check his photo after seconds..


So sad about Lewis Collins. Bodie ruined my chances of ever thinking a man was good enough!


This week on twitter: One new follower and followed 4 people via  na ko sa gutom! What have I done last night? -_-


Hackers Compromise 2 Million Facebook, Twitter and Gmail Accounts  Cerf Says Privacy May Be An Anomaly. Historically, Hes Right.  via 


  IKR?!? I was so disappoint when i reached those bl chapters x"D


A piece of chocolate fell from my hand under the bed and i hysterically started to try to get it back.When i've done this,i started to laugh


 gives me        DBpT2XrVJaDGKnH6M2gC6cXtM4UtHCNcSc many thx


  stay strong oppa... elf Philippines will always be with super junior! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3..


 presne tak :) ale uz teraz sa tesim na salonny trialog s Petrom K. !


Let it go, Let it go, 
Can't hold it back anymore.. 
LET IT GO, LET IT---

//kecanduan Frozen


 [ieovd seneasitsl] (1996) Melissa Hurley, p:video c:USA poin: 16


I brought some Stollen for my fellow colleagues at  Introducing to traditional German Christmas food :)   Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany Fan:)


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


I almost died when John went to Baker Street and heard Sherlock's voice and when Sherlock was solving case and heard John's voice.


I just found a book of poetry from 1964 written and signed by a local author. Complete with typos and crude typewriter corrections. AWESOME!


Social media. If u can't handle it. Go and live in a cave.


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and 2 unfollowers. Stats via  i guess you gotta understand, MS needs a little longer for everything. takes ages for them to get stuff done.


 Ahoj, that's the plan...about 45 mins I think.


My Top 3  Artists: State Faults (190), Alcest (119) &amp; La Dispute (112)  was like "If I'd rather move to the UK or Germany after finishing my studies".. and of course I'd much more rather live in


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


OMG yes this is worst lol.. i am sorry channie boo~ RT  Worst Hair  Chansung!  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.81C, Marc 21.5C ac foris 0.13C vre esse.


 Jawaban benar: angelina o el honor de un brigadier,  35/52350 poin


 the value doesn't matter that much. What matters is that they're gifts from the heart. ;)


Just finished an event all shot on ISO 5000+. Hope that it's gonna turn out nice. ( Nebe Praha)  fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  lay will be more than omg. LOL. its so near i almost doubt myself. D:


" RT ..so true!!! Smile ... Its the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart .. Keep smiling always :)"


Photo:  Sebastian Korbinian Frankenberger updated his cover photo.   Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


  ad bere stuff hodidaaga bari psy ne keladu ;)


Bringing down the house... too soon? | Part of Ceiling Collapses During Sold-Out Show at London Theater  you know what I realized today? 90% of gay boys are extremely cute.


Facebook Slightly Tweaked How The Site Works  And It Screwed An Entire Profession (FB)  that's so lovely of you, thank you, you made me smile &lt;3 :)


I joined Prove It - Ride on Strava. Who's with me?    to steal your parent's liquor And climb to the roof Talk about our future Like we had a clue Never planned that one day I'd be losing


 [teh pfteerc cmtah] (1988) Dan Pattarson, p:striptease c:USA poin: 17


I liked a  video from   Crafk hraje HC 


 it sounds it. I'm so using it on my next assignment. Will save alot of stress x


I'm at Skiarel Medvdn (pindlerv mln, Czech Republic)    I remember this imposing castle. I went on a small boat on the Loch Ness, but we did not find a monster!


Hackers Compromise 2 Million Facebook, Twitter and Gmail Accounts  here we go, go, go again Demi Lovato  


  I'd be the youngest there OTL ;3; how cool would it be if we all could meet up though *o*


 The one amd only! :p How cool it would be to hold that Trophy like this hahaa 


 Have just finished watching MOTD and will now go on to do - nothing. :) You?


If I come back to London the first place I'll go to is  I need more things O_O


 I send it to you later. Hope you get all the ingredients in the USA.


I just discovered there's a game called Worms Armageddon and idk why everyone thinks these words sound normal together


Bike-powered coffee grinder combines two of our favorite things via     No chance for fade it's unnatural selection, I wanna truth/UNNATURAL SELECTION


Economist: in 1990 Japanese spending on corporate entertaining exceeded the national defence budget.


If you Trynna make it in the south Asa mc Better fuck wit me I'm 


 [etasotnncni] (2005) Mohammed Hassan, p:hell c:USA poin: 11


M&amp;S Christmas pudding * 100g * CZ 75 K / ks * UK 1,50 / ks nebo 3 kusy za cenu 2 * 


 Dears,when r u coming back from Canada?Wanna send you a (too) late Christmas (little) package so don't want it to w8 long:)


People from North waziristan protesting against Army shelling reportedly killed 40 Civilian.Watch  video
 ... When people, male human specimen, use violence to achieve political goals, like amassing wealth, they are going back to (7/11)


 Our Loxone App isn't planned for Windows phones so far. You're looking for English Loxone News? Just follow 


Cv and cover letter sent to Jimmy Choo ! Next Salvatore Ferragamo !  


bluray-disc.de im Exklusiv-Interview mit "Gravity"-Darsteller George Clooney  [nhew hnbdussa tehac] (1998) James Downing, p:adultery c:USA poin: 19


 GREAT dominatrixes        


2013 marked 10 years of business for CZECH POINT 101. Thanks for all your support!!   My favourite couple. RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


Lb se mi video   Milow - Ayo Technology (X-Mas Edit) / CITY LIVE na radiu City (10.12.2013)


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x83


  haha, funny :-P ... Of course I do remember them lol... Planning to go to the club they used to play in when I'm


Ancient Siberian genome reveals genetic origins of Native Americans  Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Gift Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!  wondering if  and especially  incredible acting will ever stop breaking my heart into tiny little pieces...


  how much is it to get in at the  any idea fam


  *hugs ya both* you were appointed as testing supjects. :)


 I think I've heard something from them I'm not sure though. I'm lazy too but when I have some friends that are into it I want to


    evening bb :-) looks quiet so far. more PS playing tonite :-) wanna start new wallie


Lb se mi video  od autora   Cinnamon Challenge With My Dad


En route to sweet old HK, Jablonec bombed!! :D :D  (Checked in at Jablonec nad Nisou)  standard-sized pencil to mark how big ama is :p
cc:   going to miss this sign a lot  Kolej Komenskho  I think it's fair to say, I know a little bit about sanctions, because we set them up.


Editing my 6pg research paper and word decides to crash on me &amp; not work. Omfg! This is not what I need atm! I need to finish this!


 [eatm cm:iarea ldwor ecolpi] (2004) Josiah D. Lee, p:police c:USA poin: 26


there was some tiny little concert in the middle of the US and they played smbh but it was just matt and morgan with his cabassa


   waaaait - no, right??? oh my God if that's true ... *whizzes off to the blog*


I shouldn't RT " If you are constantly comparing your life to the lives of others, you'll never be happy."


Last time  lost three games in a row was Feb. 26, 2012.


Martin Garrix &amp; Jay Hardway - Wizard (Official Music Video):  va 


Gettin a jump on '14 - let you folks know how it is  love   and the rest of the clan  can you see ya self as respectable and you allow yo nigga to give you the dog treatment?


Proceeds from the public talk by H.H. the Dalai Lama amounted to 201,756 CZK and will be used to support Tibetans and  Thank you!


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Today I am going to  until my fingers bleed! As if it's  all over again.  D.S.


No, brain, I do not walk my career path out of a sense of neccessity instead of because I want it. Yes, I do possess some actual skills.


Draw my new Dragoness xD (With Skype (XD) and my Microphon):  out my  users' Team of the Year 2013   excited for 2014, a lot of amazing things are coming.  West rodeo cowboy authentic working gear with straw hat on roper leather boots and old West  half of all email is being open from mobile devices. Yet, this is how twitter daily mails look like...  also, I am now making Iota in Tearaway into papercraft Tingle so there's that.


 if it makes you feel better, my ma made dahl. So I made pancakes.


Prustek do rodiny, Toshiba AT10-A-104/16GB, dal OS na hran vedle WP8 (Lumia1020) a Symbianu (Nokia 808).  askfm isinya curhatan org semua sm cowok itu-_- famous sepertinya..


 [grli semet ybo] (1999) Minsuh Son, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 14


 jo, online na lang ko ma-help pwede? i can't go out today


Whaaaat RT  Motion Picture Association of America, Inc. joined W3C


Twitter keeps asking if I'm in Germany. Nope. Suck it twitter.


 Ge2. You will watch us give away our 100s again. XD HAHAHA. Loljk.


  i don't have to  convince you whether Ribery deserves the award or not, he is a strong candidate for it and alrdy won


 well apparently it was supposed to be. bless.


New/old outtake drin the Hollywood Reporters Hollywood Beauty Issue, November 23, 2012

"I fell in love with her...  like it when I tell my dad about amazon he goes thats stupid your removing yourself from society...nah just saves me alot of stress here


 Good morning. Have a nice sunday too and   Thanks for the vote :)


Russian brutal death metal never disappoints. Ugh.


Was out walking 8.13 km with  See it here:  Snoring Mouthpiece Reviews (My Experience):  via 


"  Happy Birthday Cuz!!! I hope you're having a great day!!!!"Thanks! I'm sick but I'm alive:-)


Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and 3 unfollowers via  just want to ne confident  is that too much to ask for?! 


 what station are you on then???? r u even awake yet?


Tak mandang hahaha xD Em sorry lah, tadi i dalam wayang haha 


Hilarious RT " 1 in 3 men cannot see their penis while standing due to obesity."


03. Ronski Speed, Emma Hewitt - Lasting Light (2k14 Club Mix)  


 CzechdubZ radio are celebrating their 2nd birthday today with a special radio show feat. a mix from me later on!


Let's go to school a I'm you love!!!    I'm from that Chi-Town dirt / I went from being broke to sleeping in Versace shirts" - Unglaublich, aber wirklich von R. Kelly hahaha


"Summer gone, now winter's on its way
I will miss the days we had"  Christmas and Happy New Year from McGee's Ghost Tours of Prague team.  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

816


 [eht reects of eserutra slandi] (1938) Carl Mathews, p:island c:USA poin: 29


 Hmm...thanks =D But you know, I can handle it - somehow ;)


Because you are not feeling very obliging or compromising, you would...More  LOVE Scope here  00:00 - 20.07.2014 00:00

Traditional city festivities in Beov: a great place for history lovers....  there could have been better actions but that always is the case,u did good job when country was in all sort of chaos!


I've collected 752 gold coins!    


I fly, I fly, I fly, like a cannonball  ASDFGHJKL IS PERFECT   [nydna hte god] (2005) Georges Bouchelagem, p:dog c:USA poin: 13


The only attention you should be giving is to your woman &amp; not to these hoes on IG looking for a relationship to ruin.


I liked a  video  Eden Hazard, Willian, Oscar &amp; Andre Schurrle - Skills,Goals 2013/14 CO-OP


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           757


I just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  via 


Saturday morning - best time to climb the stairs up to the      ironic? Not a word I would use for that. Guess you're kinder than I am :)


vyzera to tak ze za chvilku budes aj ty patrit k tym ...  hele:D
me se ty 'celebritky' hnusi, za nic nechci bej...  ways to optimize Linkedin Profile       There was a small factory fire at Mercedes but it wasn't a big problem. The development continues.


 omg!! Just let him be happy!-.- you won't ever have him so chill out!! 


German police may use a song recognition app to fight neo-Nazi music 
 does serato dj 1.5.2work with terminal mix 2?? Cause 1.5 doesn't work mistake free with tm2


20 Sorry sang first yr kay napikon(?) ko to sang gin suyaan(?) niyo ko :( Pero at least now friends na gid ta :D Thanks sa tanan and GLHF :)


 lives in my shadow pal.... Just tuned in to see how John H is doing on I'm a celeb..


Autumn photography fall photography pastel color fall by MagicSky  via 


I am gonna spend the whole day in my bed bc I'm too lazy


 Jawaban benar: the indomitable teddy roosevelt,  31/333523 poin


 Jawaban benar: bhowani junction,  16/4398 poin


come up out them clothes I'm about to give you what you asking for


I arrived after a nice flight in Joburg without anything. Bike still in TXL and Suitcase still in FRA. How is this possible  ?


Neil Gaiman: Why our future depends on libraries, reading and daydreaming (via    alluring quality of your feelings can be quite intoxicatin... More for Virgo   RT  What happens when  dresses up as snowman? :) Happy monday everyone!   help vote BelAmi Gay Site Of The Year at the 2014 XBiz Awards - Please help vote BelAmi Gay Site Of...  benefits in the Human Rights perspective?  pes 


18  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


This would be the best Christmas gift ever.   


reading stuff about  empowerment, so was wondering how barilla reacted to the global protest:  love panic sellers. Got some nice cheap coins on the dip.  


 Yeah well I already did that. You'd know if you actually had read my tweets.


Turns out I'm studying nonlinear dynamics now. Seems fun =)


BRYAN FERRY - Song To The Siren (live on Jools Holland 12.11.10) This is so Bryan Ferry, eh?  Ice pink and Carnelian framed glass earrings.   


 Jawaban benar: tender as hellfire,  18/336675 poin


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


       BTU Cottbus  here it goes. 

"We've shown the video to all our colleagues and their friends."
Also, "Please make the logo bigger".


    I really hope we will but keep saying to myself we won't coz I don't want to be


 pagi sayang, nice day ya.. Jgn lupa mandi, sholat, sarapan wkwk jangan ngebo mulu/?-_-


 [acbkl l:meta a oucradmtnye] (2007) Bill Zebub c:USA poin: 26


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Reba is awesome, never can get enough of her! 


That time, when Czech Republice is on 9GAG:600 year old astronomical clock in Prague  via   - Leaves Turn Inside You po dlouhy dobe... Furt  Jako to kdyz tenkrat vyslo, tak jsme VSICHNI jen cumeli...


 mame dobry recovery plan obnovovat hesla z access logov :)


PROMO!! Terbatas!!
1000Followers hanya 30rb
1000Retweet hanya 30rb
1000Followers+1000RT  50rb..
minat?085266641973(sms only) VIA ATM ONLY


I've collected 16,799 gold coins!    


     ohhh hope youll find finally why its hurting


Fuck that nigga ! I PROMISE ion want nun to do w| that bum ass nigga ...


I just be bothering people Lol I just be having fun tho


I vote the Boston Red Sox to lead us in the Hotty Toddy cheer tomorrow. 


  in  check it out tonite, concert plus loads of drink specials    


What?! Are you out of your mind?

I don't see why not.

This girl is my hero


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 2.3 C (36.14 F)  


 nooo you can't ask me :) I love them all but if I really had to choose I'd say Matt or David or Christopher ^^


Forgot my sportsuit. Buying some F&amp;F shit :)))))         this is so perfect.  hits deffently iTunes. I love you so much


 GREAT LFL players         


Honor to those who care where their clothes end once they're not worn


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


I might just make a special page for my stories with the band on tumblr...idk :)))


4 lane extension of Dresden's Kings Bridge about to destroy trendy Neustadt district. Sign petition here:  he's bad at a lot of things. Not a happy home life


Check out Improvment-Meme Rocking Angel by royalbelial on    becoming one of the fastest growing trends in   we should be more like dandelions or why Peeta was never a weak character. - allinablur: allinablur:...  Reassigned. It's a simple fix, but unfortunately there won't be any update till January. So you need to wait a while anyway.


 [upesr blow xi] (1975) Mel Blount, p:super-bowl c:USA poin: 13


Just posted a photo  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  eiraulf to alnhcu tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: failure to launch


 I know what you mean no la quiero ver tomorrow. Ugh she makes work suck and take long. I can't stand her.


G+: 
Gardening too boring for you? Just add a 12-gauge. These shotgun shells let you sow your seeds by  who's house this is but it's fucking beautiful.


Lb se mi video   Yachuprodukcja - Motherfucking Fox Say! (Martin Garrix - Animals Ylvis - The


hey guys...here are some news from Disco Dice.  THE DISCO DICE SHOW  NR.3  on 


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


" Namimiss kona GaRoThe pag practice. Lol clingy team mate :( :))"


So I'd give Carrie a super 5 star for the awesome movie.


I've collected 2,580 gold coins!    


check out this toy gun we found while running around  the largest flea market in  had to be real ride inside | What An Intense  Can Do To A Landing   via 


  I think of BEREC as member states' slap-down of Viviane Reding's single regulator proposal. But Paola is right.


 definitely! I know a girl who was told she was fat and she stopped eating, she vomited when she saw food and nearly died :/


but let's face it, Catarina was much smarter than Riario. my fave thing abt her is that the story involving her showing her vag is true.


thankfully it was just the intro. that was properly creepy. he abandoned the sex voice for the rest of the programme. yay. was fuckin creepy


Stahl 2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012        i have about 3-4 hours screen on time per cycle.


Jus remembered ma I get promoted soon....no more private Davis thank god


I added a video to a  playlist  Steam Autumn Sale: Flash Sales  November 30th


  risque exhibition celebrating sex   


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Sleepy isn't even the word for how I'm feeling right now.


New Coaching App Puts a 'Moneyball' Spin on Pro Football  tendo Prova de geografia The Walking dead  


Volunteering at the animal shelter.      collected 24,062 gold coins!    


 It better stop raining by Christmas. How is Santa suppose to find my house in the rain? 


8 Pack Panasonic NiMH AAA Rechargeable Battery for Cordless Phones  Bank$ a jeho prvn videoklip z Tha City &gt; On Me  Banger.cz  via  


[FREEBIE]   Catalog Template: ArtBook | 8 pages | Print Ready |    
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           415


Novy, vypeceny a riadne poskoricovany magazin, mhmmm --&gt;  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


 What you working on at the moment, anything interesting?


Perverts pay kids for webcam sex. Join the campaign to end child abuse online. Sign &amp; RT   [egmn olgn gzhen ndgo] (1975) Bo Lin Chu, p:fighting c:Hong Kong poin: 20


 Sherlock faked his death to go have mad gay sex with Moriarty
That sums up the whole episode! Sorry for the spoilers.


 
Mignolet
Coleman Lovren Mertesacker Shaw
Ramsey Henderson Barkley Toure
Suarez Aguero


melhor twitcam,vou dormir feliz &lt;//3 ( live on  [ekrge imyoltrhog] (1954) Jack Mercer, p:garlic c:USA poin: 16


Kam se hrabe 50 shades of grey na naich 306 pieces of shit (done) a 522 fckn pieces of fckn shit (left)!! Peace for every piece!


Pav relaxing w Aime before Czech championship boxing competition ;) cross fingers for her   Thaaaaanksssssgiiiiviiiinnnngggg to everyone in this lovely world :3


Incoming movie is online! Big up to our team rider Ville Uotila!:-)  Dual boot od Canonical  Ubuntu Touch a Android na jednom zazen  08 Jan 2014, let us all send Allison Harvard the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (26)


We having awesome time at  ! First day over, party time!


Lb se mi video  od autora   FIFA 14 - " Wake Up Call " Online Goals Compilation


       Crackdown 2.  lindo departe de 4sq: al chequearme hoy apareci: Happy birthday from Foursquare!  You look nice today.


Drop a dress/jeans size before Christmas challenge! 
Stillorgan, Rathfarnham, sandymount, Malahide, Glasnevin and...  legal pot plan on verge of adoption - The Washington Post -  So Uncool, But Its Morphing Into a Different Beast  The Epoch Times  a system that eats us from the inside out | George Monbiot         se mi video   Major Lazer ft. Laidback Luke &amp; Ms. Dynamite - "Sweat" (Official Video)


Jiri Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via  


I guess we get too comfortable and just exist. We forget how to really live life. Some of us never even bothered to learn.


 one of my countless jobs is also being santa claus so yeah you're fuckin welcome


Krept &amp; Konan - Dont Waste My Time (Official Video) (Pre Order NOW):  via 


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  the place to be during the iron bowl? What bar? Anyone having a tailgate?


Our bliss was so profound that... Okadygynca, elinden goyasyn gelmeyar  play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 70:  via 


My magnum opus. 110-page masterpiece with deep words in it. Harvard Business Publishing's future  27 Nov 2013, let us all send Curtis Armstrong the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (60)


 My legs look like two really weird sausages.


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  Happy Birthday Caity!! Many Bday wishes from Germany!! :) Thomas


 Saw your vids the first time today and associated you with british people. Actually realized that youre from across the pond ^^


Most interesting read  Understanding Japanese Democracy Assistance  pes


"Are you engaged?" "Not yet. But things change, you know? For example, until just a minute ago I didn't feel incredibly old."


26  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


Tremendously missing Barcelona (and Cup Of Couple lovers &lt;3).  Shoot Many Robots with Raptr for the first time.   listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


C-IN attended a Christmas dinner in the Diplomat hotel.  eth dmenad d'otn rcy tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the damned don't cry


 okay D: eh whatever amount you wanna pay me, pay the $3.56 also hor. like that easier to rmb. LOL.


 nane kr:naf hte heolw yrost tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: anne frank: the whole story


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 kewe


Rachel McAdams in a lacy Collette Dinnigan cocktail dress and black heels.  years ago in free party in the north of Czech Republic ...live at the morning...from dusk till dawn...:)  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Ed Asner was a college football team, he would be 


 Of course I hung with Matt a lot.  His apartment was a disaster.  Totally infested with roaches. I didnt go there much.


Sun, 17 Nov 2013, let us all send Lorne Michaels the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (69)


My weekly stats: 41 followers and 33 unfollowers via  The End.


 oh that sucks though. 
Aw great, at least something, right?


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


finally listening to  by  and..WOW!! that's all I can say, love it.


I liked a  video from   How to Think Like an MIT Media Lab Inventor: Ramesh Raskar at


 It's good to gain subscribers but it's not my "main goal" anyway.


 hezky pekne :) akorat bych toho couriera vymenil za dovecot...


 has the Christian Right finally read the part in Leviticus banning shellfish?


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


  happens here with just 1-3. Also, multitasking UI often crashes the whole thing.


"  let's end this mini picspam with a smile from Khunnie :) [cr as tagged]  [het kmanig fo i''raflyt] (2002) Jeremy Sumpter, p:murder c:USA poin: 23


 ja na bisher iss cyclops mit level 7 besser aber bin schon gold liga^^


8   - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


Abdul Razak Albakhbakhy 1959-2013 may you rest in peace Inshallah, you were a great man and will not be forgotten 


"Money Slavery"? "Geldherrin"? A guy who gets off when the dominatrix demands money from him? I think I've found my  *grin* 


I just ran 5,08 km  a 5'18"/km pace with Nike+.  


42  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


 je pod tlakem a trenr Peter Draisaitl si bere oddechov as.  stle 3:5.


OEF Asia 2014 News: Grinding Psychomaniacs NOISE A GO GO's!!!   the best combination, end result...brain freeze..and I have final exam to write tomorrow


69  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


I feel sick these cold days :( Maybe I need a couple of warm up tunes..


who are you today? TUN TUN cause i am still the same TUNTZ TUNTZ TUNTZ


Ross Lynch used Amnesia! But it failed! He can't forget about you!


  hongsweet.. me pingot pingot ng ilong pang nalalaman.. hahahahaah &lt;3


 congrats in being in the youtube rewind - naiiiled iiit!!


 Happy New Year! How is your skiing so far? I just got over 250 followers yday-75 new in only 5 weeks. Unbelievable! Lot of fun!


I just voted for Lily/Robin   Retweet to vote  via 


Why am I still up? I need to go to bed! Good-night, Twitterland, and behave while I'm out dreaming of you.


1 sneaky unfollower caught. All in a day's work for  maybe you guys don't know each other.  this is Elise. Elise this is nick


 Jawaban benar: the house across the street,  27/318582 poin


 [hte sretce reuvsdenat fo tmo hmtbu] (1993) Andy Davis, p:creature c:UK poin: 34


I've collected 13,406 gold coins!    


 hp,lbyi rbsesgu dna maecnla tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: philby, burgess and maclean


  looks a terrible lot like HTC's stuff. but better.


Chrismass Mood with B. Crosby   Winter Wonderland - 2006 - Remaster  Bing Crosby  


 PLL anyone...  might just have to start watching pll


 This youth-based artist's residency needs your support this holiday season. bych to byl za moulo, kdybych nevyfotil snh...        [cirneaam higcto] (1987) Yvonne De Carlo, p:eccentric c:UK poin: 15


 [nomis mas'csha wopre fo rta] (2006) Marco Furiozzi, p:sculptor c:UK poin: 27


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


I've collected 42,953 gold coins!    


Good luck future flatmates, living with me must be weird


Mastery level raised to 15. Catch up!    


Rindunya nugget. Tambah2 nugget ayah goreng.  Sebab tak perlu goreng sendiri. Lol


Playing around with new  feature in deCONZ!
    Murad saeed used to take part in college debates,considers tv shows a dice, anchors judges &amp; viewers participants bond to clap


 for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  y


Taylor Swift, Justin Timberlake Win Big: The Best Moments of the American Music Awards  you can't give me all your love, I don't want your love


 [iliwda] (2004) Alphonsus McFadden, p:indian c:USA poin: 6


     I have only 1 day off and will spend most of it traveling. pffff


Redskins Players Of The Century Jersey - Rare 
    John of Nepomuk at the New World, hidden among the green and red trees. I know I always say that you can recognise St. John by five...


 the author has quite a back catalogue. Future wings contributor? I particularly like the irony of this  Word: Who speaks for the president?  


One of two things are gonna happen tonight - either I'm joining the 6mm haircut club or I'll manage to cut my hair without it looking awful


Thanks to Sang Lian (in Delhi) we have our third language complete: Hakha   Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


GHD Hair Straighter Store,www(.)ghdsau(.)com,59% OFF,2013 New Styles,Huge Selections,Free Shipping,No Tax!


Was out walking 0.75 km with  See it here:  your audience and fans with the best social media supplier on the web  tha  when I seen tha  made my  an I mastered it


 ahaha had no idea he was a singer as well. whatever he did in the past, work-wise, he sure more than redeemed himself in this. :)


Photos from great  gig in Prague. Thank you! Via  
  


I liked a  video  Johny Machette - Tenkrt (prod. by HomieBeats)


I have destroyed an enemy PT-76! Try out this exciting action with me!    


" Tak toto je dobr copywritersk peklo!
  made my day :D


I love this shot of me giving away  GCs !! Thank you  and   added a video to a  playlist  2013 12 05 14 00 Enterprise File Sharing and B2B Collaboration Made in


Black On White (via Jiri Ruzek 2013 Photographs |... - Jiri Ruzek:  [glt'sih animdod eeubilj] (1954) Debbie Reynolds c:USA poin: 23


Since tumblr is pretty much useless today I'm going to prepare for my exam


 yeah that shirt looks like something form dom's wardrobe :D


 [eth frygog ggfroy udo] (1970) Marvin Miller c:USA poin: 21


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


     ohh i got spam too, but luckily only few a day :-)) im not using


 Quite refreshing to see that Australia have still maintained that level of being shite.


 shame by me i don't know was it that for a movie?


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


NanoBridge M5 22dBi and Loco M5 just arrived! Nanostation M5 early next week. Order here  and  i promise u it's worth every cent it's the best laptop you'll ever have honestly


 Don't pray for an actor! Pray for our Muslim brothers &amp; sister     


 not the response I expected but good to know.


2  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


  yes! We still gotta make our trip to statesboro soon!


Handmade square  Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


Hayatta her ey kolay deil; zor yllar, zor gnler de geti, ancak yeni yla dileklerle girerken unutmayn (cont)   please look at my polish version of "Podemos" and tell me what do you think about it? :)  12


Oh  "Java Build Tools: Part 1  Getting Started with Maven, Gradle and Ant + Ivy"  via 


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  more men were homosexual, there would be no wars, because homosexual men would never kill other men"  


Boeing Receives Largest Tax Break In History After Paying ZERO Taxes For Ten Years  entrepreneur's brutally honest take on building an HIT startup in 2013   do you have a favorite number (beyond the obv 42)? Asking cuz I just found out I have a serious liking for 3. :D


 i'm fine too are you logan henderson from big time rush


 Jawaban benar: the mummy: the animated series,  30/349036 poin


We're hiring! Senior SW Engineer - Java and Spring in Praha, Czech republic.   via 


 [kiukkaesh ibkuu] (1971) Ismed M. Noor, p:Romance c:Indonesia poin: 15


 vine apps parang twitter. pero instead n tweet eh mga video nkalagay. pdeng pde magshow c blackie dun lol. Me acct dn c drake dun


 Yeah, it's either that or like Dick van Dyke in "Mary Poppins."


"How Retrospectives Can Support Learning in Lean Startup" good read  Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


And I want you baby, And I need you I need you I need you, oh baby, You got me on my knees Ba ba ba ba baby :)  ndlundung (with Maria Fresh Hapsari Putri, Jaclyin mustamu, and 4 others)


 thank u for the tweet!!! :) it's chris-austria here!


  Junior Lawyer: Rpublique Tchque -  Czech and Slovak law graduates to join...   Rep 


 [arg nad bnoe] (1997) Alexondra Lee, p:flashback c:USA poin: 12


" Having a beer at 4:11pm - College"  do you remember ?:D


 tem a tag no final no tweet flksadhflk The Walking Dead  


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           597


Chystte se na pten warm-up k "Transmission" - Trance Department? :)  Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via 


32  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


It's here!       -  SOMEBODY TO DIE FOR ( ProSieben Fashion Hero 20.11.2013) by  -  pes 


 Jawaban benar: the cheaters,  12/9330 poin  1/3 poin


Photo: lets fly together.  | via Tumblr on We Heart It.   just can't wait for this weekend with my kylee ky 


You enjoy working out of sight today, as long as you can readj... More for Taurus  reporter asked us to hack him, and here's how we did it"  via 


He who would prosper in peace, must suffer in silence. - German Proverb


heyy, can you like his  answer(s)? i'll like 15 of yours and give you a follow or some qu...  :D ok  nowy film na playlicie w   Walka z NWO ? (napisy PL)   Single Sign-On within VMware vCloud Director 5.1.x (2039098)  Good morning! A sad event that brings you back on Twitter, but welcome back nevertheless. ;)


  back at the start of April honey! Night out immediately when I'm back xxx


 croatia is currently a homophobic shithole. But yay holidays, because I have internet there.


 [gonyu dneliilrg] (1965) Michael Masters, p:pretty-boy c:USA poin: 15


 yeahh:D Candreva on his first international tournament in a semi-finals shootout against Spain chips Casillas 


I just joined  Christmas Illuminated contest to win a Sensei [RAW] Na`Vi Edition. You can too:   I can't open this jar!
Superman: I'll help!!
*destroys Tokyo*


Kind words here. Thank you! - P. MT  New Album Review: Dan Reed - 'In Between The Noise'        Dasha's room 224  In te... eh I mean NINE seconds flat! (not fart LOL)


I wonder if native Americans celebrate thanksgiving?


 LOL its okay its not wrong :D everyone's biased. :x


Can you see the beauty? Frozen pond the World.
Vidte tu krsu? Zamrzl rybnk Svt.
   I'd love to know what individual officers wd suggest to do in order to curb the alcohol problems. And that politicians wd listen


Seems like the  Client Dev expertise is stacking up quite a bit. I see many friends got awarded the first time actually. W00t! :)


Do not underestimate my class. I know ur class better than our class. But u also have pride that u do not arbitrarily trampled underfoot!!


waiting for my flight home ( Erste Premier Lounge)  masturbate! I do it like I think if I hold executing it, I'm gonna get one thing acne scars


I've collected 21,150 gold coins!    


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 nseacd wthi wosevl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: dances with wolves


 bron needs to get back to the ground.too high from beggining


This Post Will Make You A More Effective Communicator In 90 Seconds | LinkedIn  via 


Can't believe the  lost to Alaska Anchorage 


              amor, d favorita pra mim ?      Directioners  


 Tuborg and Faxe. Seems you're on Danish trip :-) Let me recommend some Swedish brands for later.


Photo: nerdpopes: Ladies and gentlemen, the worlds sexiest fictional sociopath in a tux in a mirror...  Industrialization of our food supply has contributed to the degradation of the environment and our health  at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 15 others  There's a point when the future decides to become your present.


I v USA maji media problem s prezidentem: Journalists take  to task over photo access  via 


 sure dude! just got on thirty days of night rec, so that's sick. some releases and a tour coming up. hope to see you anytime soon!


Love me or hate me, but spare me your indifference. -John Galsworthy


 do you have already some news about paying out with paypal for me?


 it came too soon, didn't it? Fuck, here we go again.


At a dental clinic, the noises coming from all around are sure as hell not encouraging


happy birthday beautiful! hope you have a great day   i can't believe they haven't talked about it ever before)


I've collected 14,622 gold coins!    


Ga ngitung  temen kamu kebanyakan cewe / cowo?"


If Indie gamedev is the gold rush, Unity is selling the pickaxes.


Zdjcie: rhosegold: daisy-duchess: rosy christmas blog rosy  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


  hee hee, I'm on a mission to get you the birthday tweet as well!! xxx


Wala bang ka exchange gift dyan sa league of legends??


360 Mobile Security for Android &amp; iOS  Free Anti-virus, Privacy Protection, Vault and More  Uses Cheap Home-Made Camera Rig To Take Stunning Close-Ups of Snowflakes | Bored Panda  pes 


Ok after the month that was december i am spoiling myself a little now but from next week i am saving again


(TRANS) Sina Entertainment's article on LAY's participation in 'Miracles in December' - fy-yixing: Korean...  Stone Beads bracelet with black agate gemstone beads and owl charm   


MacBook je od toho, aby se pouval, ne?   DevFest Praha 2013  surprised that so many companies using IntelliJ Idea and/or Resharper with TeamCity don't use YouTrack but chooses Jira. YT is good stuff


 [flgtih of het s:crodnhoc no iar] (2009) Charles F. Rosenay, p:comedy-duo c:USA poin: 31


 its still 'visible'...a bit...damn...I AM AN IDIOT! I really am...


OMG !!! THE NEXT YEAR I WILL CELEBRATE MY 26 YEAR PARTYiNG (since 1988) ,SO MAYBE I HAVE TO THiNK TO RETiRE...  out cycling 40.10 km with  See it here:  LOccitane Xmas Game (Lead 4101) - 0,60 EUR / Lead  Halter Maxi Dress  with Bolero Jacket  2 by prettyinprague  via 


 hai join yuk di Fanspage Alyssa soebandono  kita lg ngadain MnG brg Alyssa soebandono:)


 thanks! There are times when I'm not proud so much from time to time, but I'm glad for my european roots.


"Of course I can translate a 3,000 word file for 30 $."    


 That's awesome! &lt;3 Congratulations, I'm very happy for you! 83


okay I'm skippin the Lima bits but still didn't manage to escape them doing Blurred Lines. this must be  new low.


I've never been floored by a shot before but then I tried the commandantx3   


RT: There's something about today that makes me so so sad.


Photoset: This my personal style description: Girly  throwback like 50s floral &amp; feminime  Merkel, dressed in black and looking relaxed as lawmakers voted in the Bundestag chamber...


Tuneln live,stream it live and Join me live  on Radio 105.0 mhz 
1Luv Radio Show  15 - 17 h For ur Favorite...  od Seth Godin za $19 a pokud jeste nejste na skillshare, tak se slevou $10... kurz tedy za $9..   ingog ollhoo:ywd eth s3'0 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: going hollywood: the '30s


New update, new feature! Overwriting won't be a pain in the ass anymore with new  1.3.1 update!  


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


You enjoy having fun and playing games, but the excitement lev... More for Sagittarius  was my today's workout, that was something I'll tell you...I'm dead  shit, guys. "Chief Noc-A-Homa". I know, but seriously, think about that for a second.


 Thanks. 
 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


. seen this?   carted around  end happily.  


 Mitch try to distract yourself. Watch anime and eat Pocky.


TEMOA QUE VOTAR MUITO ATE DIA CINCO PARA TER UMA VANTAGEM The Walking Dead  


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.94C, Marc 21.63C ac foris 3.19C vre esse.


Bathroom Prague - Letn, concept. More info:
  drank so much mulled wine over the last few days I'm in danger of turning into a cinnamon stick


How Stress Can Change the Size of Our Brains and What We Can Do to Lower it - The Buffer Blog  via 


After almost 2 months in Prague I finally broke down. Nikki forgive me;)  of new billiard club in Lanskroun.     fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.81C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 4.94C vre esse.


Life's so strange lately having nothing to do really has just let me hang with myself and surprisingly has been doing a lot for me 


&gt;joins the military
&gt;"s'okay sarge, I'm just here til I'm cool enough"


 gave you pretty much all my free follows :) hope that helped


Like I'd love a cute message every now and then .. Instead I get "wake your ass up" and " get up bitch " from my lovely friends .. 


 Jawaban benar: young jesse james,  17/352846 poin



       
 i knew u niqqas wld say sh like this


     Isn't she? Sooooo adorable!! *-*


Here is the digital version of my Adidas drawing I have posted the other days. Hope you like it!    interesting... will give that a look over the next week, see how it goes. Thanks Matt!


 [les't gte hguto!] (1942) George Eldredge, p:spy c:USA poin: 16


Bonding with mommy! Smiling without squinting! Hahaha   one of the best knee pads for Enduro Racing.Riders like Nico Lau, Lukas Anrig and Ludo May are using them on the Enduro World Series....


 Hello, i am a singer and i need somone who support me and Work with  me


Vstava plakt Braun z 60. let s designy Dietra Ramse. // The exhibition of Braun posters from 60s with designs...  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   I meant the pics were a bit strong  


I liked a  video  Rescuing 4 Pomeranians that were dumped on the streets. (By Eldad Hagar)


The wall of John Lenon.
A small oasis of freedom that could not destroy in the 1980s, when the first outlines of...  few tweaks of the springboard parameters and the damned icon pop-in with 4-finger pinch gesture on ipad is gone.


 lunching before two more lessons! Nursery and year 6! D.S.


" I am a sinner , who's probably gonna sin again. Lord forgive me!"


"TIL Johnny Weissmuller, famous for his role as Tarzan, was playing golf in Cuba during the Revoluti     

Maybe you should look up stuff first before you start spewing nonsense.


A.C.A.B 
All Colors Are Beautiful 

* New Patrol Police car     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  just entered to  &amp; you can too: "Moto G 16GB Android Phone". Enter the  here:  Tactics for More Twitter Followers (And Two New Followerwonk Features to Help!) - Moz  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               330


  Change is very healthy. I feel happy for him. He's one of the nicest community facing guys there is. Hard to replace.


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 30 others  Pain Creams are an effective alternative for providing pain relief compared to oral narcotics...  iOS 7 is jail breakable. Epic. Just have to downgrade fro, 7.1 first.


 ! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 23 others)  great man, listening to Exhibit A, stoked to hear your new material, cheers from Czech Republic


  Norman Love like you! His charm is a fun way admire you so much! I hope one day you learn it! 


Podoba mi si film Top 10 Minecraft - Piramidy [ NAJDLUSZE SIEEEEEEEEMANO ! w      im fine, in bed RN :-))) enjoying day off :-)


 [enmchtwa] (2001) Barry Ward, p:murder c:UK poin: 8


waters for the very first time in an unprecedented move of provocative retaliation to Americas naval presence in the East China (3/4)


  in the original photo, when u click it it turned into a scary monster but after he saved it, it stopped working


What a sleepy weekend. Watching Breaking Bad episodes and falling a sleep at a time.


Great review for  - 'They graciously packaged the order to take away at no extra ...' -  Hi Walter, you can wrap your heapbox by element with some class and update css. Or would you rather like some class setter?


Why wine offers a fine investment - FT Adviser: Los Angeles TimesWhy wine offers a fine investmentFT AdviserTh...         jsem jako oblben video   Looking back on the MEFANET 2012 conference


 And i'm happy you spread it here. I thought i'm the only one who see how Lana changed her.


 [neo ady meorvlas] (2008) Malcolm Sim, p:van c:UK poin: 16


Apocalypse now. RT   People walk along severely damaged street in city of Deir Ezzor in northeast Syria.  &amp;12 Authors celebrate the Holidays and give 33 ebooks, 2 signed paperbacks INT, 2 Amazon GC &amp; SWAG INT!!  play Wonder Boy in Monster World - part 6 (German):  ber 


Positive news from the Czech Republic. The Czech National Bank intervene with the exchange rate. The local...   We do!!!!  is the most perfect human being ever 


Van Rompuy: "The offer of signing the most ambitious agreement the [EU] has ever offered to a non-member state is still on the table." 


Uvolnn vnon atmosfra, aneb Hearth (ti hard!) working...:))  hour to Boiler Room London with    and  


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               16


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   56


European Space Expo will go for new countires and towns in 2014....  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 21.69C ac foris 7.75C vre esse.


Video that led to Aaron Swartzs arrest released
 attending online course The Design of Everyday Things by Don Norman
  


 Ses curak... To je chlap.... Nic? Ale M to je... :-))))


Me and kanji kinetic are playing the b2b trainwreck of the century right now


 there's a cupcake I can share. I didn't ice it so it's pretty much a muffin


Charles Sheen - Peacefull ft. Livie Kuchaov:  via 


rockin' down, love is plane, flying on an aeroplane, boy you get me higher, like you're name is Mary Jane


great clip for the BOOTBOYS 7":  We still have a few in stock:   


 Haha. I dunno what I dreamed about, but I think it was a good dream. :)


Be who you are guys. The world might surprise you at how amazing it can be :')


Just a smalltown girl, livin' in a lonely world, she took the midnight train goin' anywhere!


In memory of Gloria Grahame who was born on November 28th, 1923 and died on October 5th, 1981.


  only one pitch I think isn't it? this year's "winter break" from the leagues seems completely pointless!


Lost &gt; half my stack in the Prague Championship II. I raise UTG with AA, guy in MP ships for 29BB with ATo. Board runs out 992-T-T. Nasty!!!


the matches with Man C &amp; Chelsea were pretty much identical. maybe in the future Liverpool should stop trying to score early on. bad luck?


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


 MKID, bruckmayr / NTMY, buy-link:    


Adaptive Backgrounds - a jQuery plugin to extract dominant colors from &lt;img&gt; tags and apply them to their parent  might not be on the same page as your friends today. You'r... More for Capricorn  for  Congress: buying media and rewritting past is no solution. Next elections to show if responsability beats populism.


 yeah I'm going out with Kika for her birthday lol


Which  web framework offers the best baked-in security features?  ---   is that even possible? But I think I've had ENOUGH to judge... I always buy lots of different breads where available


Congrats! RT  Awesome! Runtastic is one of the 13 Best  of the Year in   


I just want a skinny thick woman I can put my trust into


 Also its not even my best christmas jumper, but it's still in Blighty, so you'll have to wait!


One thing I learned over the yrs:

"The system can never fail those it was never built to protect"


 Danke.
Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 



Interested in a free trip to SF with insider access to Silicon Valley?  is going to make your day.   I should mention that I'm not talking about friends here, but about older people, including family.


Some days you're the Puppy, some days you're the hydrant


Beyonc Rejects Tradition for Social Medias Power, via   newest member of Horsefeathers freeski team Jrme Chanal was enjoying first powder of the season in...  word " Selfie" voted as the word of the year - E! News


Lb se mi video  od autora   Nightcore - I Need Your Love [HQ]


Wild for the night!      Top 3  Artists: Pink Floyd (37), Howard Shore (33) &amp; Murray Gold (30)  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 you were in my dream last night! You said hi and we had a nice conversation :) 
can we have this in reality as well? :)


Tomorrow, we will celebrate with our time-honored family tradition: watching Seven Samuarai. You know, because Samurai's and Christmas.


Handmade Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


Cheap Website UGG Boots $62 Low Prices for sale Save 65% Fast Ship,Online Wholesale Buy Now!  also horribly handsome wipe that fucking smooth smirk off


 oh really? It's worse than my Lumia, and this says something.


SOME times i feel like the b doors every where why u wanna knock me? then i b like uhhhm bck to this music tho


A crypto-currency primer: Bitcoin vs. Litecoin | ZDNet  currently working on a book about cultural and imaginative engagement. Sad, but it seems I must make the case for cultural engagement 1st


 Well, I had to go open window for my cat, but bed was better than the world outside =D


I've harvested 89 of food!    


Gameweek 21 and the only player left in my  team from the start of the season is Per Mertesacker


jubs pq tao linda   Please play Better Together By Fifth Harmony!  


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 37 others  Weeeeaaaakkk RT  Can you post a pic of your toes?  Lol nooo  getting rapist questions


I liked a  video  Nev Plays With Himself: Zedd - Spectrum (Ft. KDrew Remix) Launchpad S Cover


"If there is a God, He will have to beg my forgiveness." - A phrase that was carved on the walls of a...  thinking about how significant this man's life was. Talk about purpose, impact &amp; destiny. 


No me han retwitteado ningn Tweet [ltimas 24h]   what this project means to you? I'm so proud. 


 simply unstoppable, great match by  anyway. And now .. fingers crossed for Radek!  


  Estonia next to Turkey must be the best :-)


So here's my Christmas tree looks like and I have so consistently since 2012. :)  talked to my roommate. she's really nice, but she's moving out in 2 weeks..so I don't know what to say :(


Had a blast yesterday with the craziest kiddos alive on earth!!!    Jawaban benar: conversations with god,  22/371845 poin


Before Snowden and Internet, a group broke into FBI to inform US about its extensive spying  last RT true ltf . Ion regret anything of anyone .


The results of your recent efforts may bring rewards today, bu... More for Aries  Proves We Still Really Need To Talk About Photoshop  doufam v online reportaz s updaty minimalne kazdou pulhodinu!


Nature photography flowers bloosom orange flowers by MagicSky  via 


close to each other -- children of God, brothers and sisters in the World -- LOVE PEACE JOY AND HAPPINESS.


Odeslal jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Print campaign for The 2004 Cape Town Jazz Festival              [ktea me ot nwto] (1953) Sara Taft, p:children c:USA poin: 15


Sky to Speak - Ruin - If you had an opportunity to watch the teaser video for the latest Sky to Speak...  sure Morbius is the scariest Doctor Who monster I've seen yet, classic Who or Nu Who. ew ew ew ew ew.


Jonny Evans: (On his day) the best centre back in the Premier League.

*And he has "his day" pretty often these days. 


Sauce of  's Cheater Pad Thai. When I pour from the bowl - a beautiful "tree" might manifest.  nah bro I made it to LC, then I checked twitter and turned around hahaha


       FOLLOW me and my friend   please! :) x1


   "2013 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show: Lights, Camera, Angels!" ( 


United Russia Duma Deputy Mizulina worrying about the fate of Russian children, families during Duma session:  national team from Czech Republic has arrived to support their female counterpart! :-)   love this line! RT " He Said He Cares But No Tears in his Eyes.. And ask me if am Alright, NIGGA IS YOU BLIND?"


Obviously Auburn fans need to learn how to spell... Its DAWGS not Dogs. 


Dynamic Link is way too unreliable beyond simple work.


Alarm over Pakistan's 'conciliatory' Taliban approach
 Best of the Worst Logo Designs  thanks to   on cairomix Dead from the Waist Down Catatoni


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Photo: Dorota for HALADA photographed by Nikola rajerov  Care Exchange Is Vastly Improved, Users Say 


 Oh no. Bad luck for us who don't like chocolate. :/


*sighs* this book I'm reading now is ... Not good to say the least :(


 Self Defense Family killing it.   Rockhouse Salzburg  accepting that someone's bag needs a seat more than you on a train, so standing for the whole journey" me yesterday


Don't live waiting for something to happen to you, live to go make something happen 


Wild for the Night - image  by CamilaM on   fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 21.25C ac foris 6.19C vre esse.


Very unusual way to discuss usual topic of eurozone: "If Estonia wants to have modern economy, it must borrow"  Everyone is getting on this  I think I'm gonna pass 


Connect 2N Helios IP intercoms in an analogue environment or a place with limited IP infrastructure. Find out how!  best goalie last night? PK Subban from  Two goal-line saves.


 Jawaban benar: kathy griffin: everybody can suck it,  36/337655 poin


 [ipta tpani rau tiwfaa] (1990) Gulshan, p:film-actor c:India poin: 21


  Yes you  have real more sexappeal than 


 Nejvtipnj: Paper (1994): Drama: State of Play (2009), dobr dle skutenosti: Killing Fields (1984), Shattered Glass (2003)


is there anyone who would wrap the christmas presents for me i hate wrapping presents more than i hate myself and that's saying something


 on ice, fire, burning, driving, fucking, dreaming, and wanting a married man. We miss anything Parker?  se mi video   Anti-Flag The Project For A New American Century (Lyrics)


BBC News - Downton Abbey and royals 'can help UK business'  with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I made a new achievement: `Wild Ova...`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


 I love that one. was any other band after them ever this funny? :)


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 5 others   Still not as good as your love with Matt.


2013 predictions for digital marketing: how did we score? by  


 that's cute dang. has it got something to do with homework? Request stuff from me i'm desperate


Je libo 3D pizzu? 3D printed pizza is coming sooner than you think  pes 


 it is healthy to give up after too much trying


Crazy how a bitch get hypnotized and fuck. Diamonds is a girl bestfriend no cut.


If your in relationship it's okay to get people numbers, (knowing they like you?) I NEED ANSWERS!!!!


 Only in Dresden you will see deer rubbing through McDonald's parking lot.   press survey - December 17: Prague - Czech-Slovak relations are more influenced by the results of ...  


Happy x-mas countdown everyone! Let the advent begin :)        My friend just got a new iPhone... Now we all suffer of too-much-picks-of-us-taken :D  Melantrichova  how to mash up Futurama, Teletubbies, Star Wars, Lord of the Rings and make u wish u could get what they get to imagine this.


Photo: pastila-verde: merry christmas my followers pe We Heart It -   it kinda fell apart after they ended the interview w/ Matt &amp; the other 3, really.


seinget gue nih yaaa ada yg bilang mau cerita gitu dehhh tapi ga cerita2 ampe skrg hm..... *poke 


Every Tech Commercial: youve seen one, youve seen them all (and if you havent seen this one, go check it out)  habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Sido feat. Genetikk &amp; Marsimoto - Maskerade (Official Video)


 I'm not sure I've ever heard of that - do you think it's better than god save the queen then?


  No. I watch this series only:    


The Sphynx cat lack of hair that would normally absorb body oils makes the Sphynx need at least weekly bathing and ear cleaning.


what songs i need to download off that Rich Homie? I heard it's only 4 good ones


Carlos Hyde will be driven backwards by the  D.  


 :) I really am sorry though - look forward to talking later! Have to tell you something that just happened!


Plan on having a restaurant crawl today  and eat as much as I can   


We played in uno)
            this on is pretty nice calligraphy font.    wujud website damejidlo ni. Gonna burn my wallet.


 u want my signed panties i can provide that too


After a last Sunset in 2013, Prague is getting ready for a night of celebrations; fire works already can be heard...  at Chapeau Rouge for Fellow Chive, FM, Tenten and Abab w/   posted a photo  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  jsem 7 fotek na Facebook do alba Hard As a Rock at Gizmania Scootpark  se mi video   Hot Water Music - It's Hard To Know


Happy New Year!        


I've laid a lot down in life 4 this  so I find peace in the  an to my haters 


How do people speak so binnebek and expect me to know what they're saying?


 To answer you: more expensive, less reliable non-carbon energy is almost all climate. Would help poor Filipinos very little


or maybe i shouldn't think anything this will be the best


 Thanks a lot for sharing this highly interesting article!   


I don't know what's going on around me most of the time.


Slaninov pizza, kofola s jackem a spider man 3 v telce. Holidays officialy begins 


I have unlocked a new battleground  ' Korea - Runway'. Join me in combat!    


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via  


     well i think its when ur not moving rest of the body protests i hope


 thanks, you're very nice, but my English is not great at all :) It's a pity you didn't learn it when your parents spoke it.


 yennb 'lishl rdlwo :ourt wne r!yok tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: benny hill's world tour: new york!


Generally not much changed from teen to adult francis apart from being satisfied over succeeding in his experiments


Liv-ex suggests wine investors should consider price versus points scored - Ditton Wine Traders: Liv-ex sugges...  barely left the house 2 hours ago and I miss my mom 


 [rdeke nrldozeao riunitsyev] (1997) Drew Riker c:USA poin: 26


 Jawaban benar: billy childish is dead,  22/337708 poin


Renewables receive three times as much subsidies per energy unit as fossil fuels. But we should not subsidize either:  RT  Thanks to Belkin WeMo, your iPhone will now be able to cook your dinner too [CES 2014]  "Got My Mind Made Up" should've been considered one of the best hip-hop songs. Go listen. Pure spaz sess!


It's 1am. Other teenagers watch porn. Ann watches Jamie Oliver doing omelette on YouTube.


I'm at Koskova (bus, tram) (Brno, Czech Republic)  I fucked yo friends an yo fuck ass man wanna be me


What drums sound like in different environments.  1 Perpetual Calendar Tourbillon. 
        Just Announced: Simbach, Germany - Mar 22 at Rezolut  to use the power button in OS X Mavericks: It's just like your iPhone and iPad now  Friday. The prophet said, fear Allah, follow bad deeds with good deeds and treat others well.  oliver wood you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your broom gets me overwhelmed


47 Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Good morning my HURTSfamily,nice Friday :),pic from Poland 07-11-13       when i was at age of 7 i wrote a story about my mums life and i won a competition


Hiring an Experienced Office Manager with Russian, Czech and English in Prague, Czech Republic  


I've harvested 862 of food!    


witeczne spotkanie z Beata w Hotel Gwarna 

 All rights reserved by Tomasz Gas  2013 |   tofu stir-fry tonight for the first time for Daisy. I must admit, it was pretty tasty. Used smoked tofu, too.  capital, revived -   via   


Prague as the best city for winter vacation - we wouldnt say it better way! :)
Thank you CNN!  
Want it to be true.
Rally driver admits he has no idea what co-driver is saying
 - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy Vynic):  pes 


  girl you're gorgeous. Even with your tired face :)


 We're broadcasting the floorball world cup in Czech Republic. Played it for a few years, was quite shit at it though.


  I went to an Art Nouveau exhibition at the Municipal House. Extraordinary.


The Apartment Hotel PurPur is located in the heart of the city and a stones throw from attractions, public  transport and museums.


I was feeling bad. Then saw a few pictures and read some stuff about  Feeling much better now. It tells a lot about my life. Lol...


One day a florist went to a barber for a haircut. After the cut, he asked about his bill, and the barber replied,...  [rmice sesroit] (1998) Jason Ansara Brooks, p:murder c:USA poin: 13


 [ronigmn trrueepad] (1946) John Baker, p:submarine c:UK poin: 17


 yntnao &amp; loteaprac tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: antony &amp; cleopatra


Federal Prosecutors Assailed in Outcry Over Sentencing 


What was the last thing you bought?  M.A.C blush &lt;3_&lt;3 love it!   hahahaha, this oan took like 2 items only. But Muchenje bro, wish u were there when we won Chisz


Ne zaman ma izlerken wc ye gitsem gol atyoruz manyak totem yaptm ama


 also i don't really want to watch it because there is so much violence and rape on all my other shows.I don't need more of it


If Tamera goes now she'll be more successful than if she wins!


My new sounds: TonElite | himmlische Melodien  on 


lumayan bersih..RT   kelasmu termasuk bersih / kotor?


 Can you follow me and my friend  ? We are two big fans from Czech Republic :)


Do you want to receive a FREE start number to the Volkswagen Prague Marathon 2014? More info here:  watercolor, 20 x 29 cm, 2011 Breakfast, watercolor, 20 x 29 cm, 2011 Night Shadows, watercolor, 20 x 29   RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


Heli-Hockey, Canadian Backwoods, Behind the Scene footage  be nice if you made more realistic faces thoug


Photo: MISS SUMMER  - image  by korshun on  on We Heart It....  I discovered my profile there with an option to follow myself. Liked that. But it didn't work. Didn't like that.


 congrats to you ain!! Kalau kahwin jemput jemput lerrrr


Snow White's stitchhing up the circuit boards, someone's slipping trough the hidden door - so beautiful  


I have light pink hair. I'm a stunning, pierced and inked minipony.


38  RT to vote for C A S K E T T

Castle/Beckett    


" He makes my smile ten times bigger, laugh ten times louder, and I couldn't ask for anything more except for him to be mine."


Planet  Extraos en la noche by Isles (Oneshot)  for you I'd do everything ;D no fun but I'd do much ;))


 Jawaban benar: ying zhao nu lang 1988,  22/375572 poin


Today, I went to the postoffice for T.O.P Doom Dada Special Edition package.     [cnutaysra] (2004) Thian See Chua, p:Mystery c:Malaysia poin: 9


 I don't hate people but she is on the verge of being the first one I actually do !


Just made a movie of my  on Twitter:  What's yours look like? 


Magazines See iPad Sales Grow, but Is It Too Little Too Late?  check my replies to other  people for the link :) im on my phone


  I started with cellular machines today, but it's also very important to have TONS OF FUN


 [wijmanmrde] (1930) Hal Gordon, p:subpoena c:UK poin: 10


 [atrsdscop orfm eth edeg] (1990) Evelina Fernndez, p:filmmaking c:USA poin: 23


so much win, Your LinkedIn Password Is On Display in a Museum in Germany -&gt;  It's gonna be a delicious pie filling, silly pony.


  Try to combine it with the super long hair for double hotness.


 such nice stage and lineup yet camera sucks :( hope mbc will be the bestttt D:


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Let's play Godus - part 31 "Back in the sweatshop"


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


 not difficult to be better than what you've got at the moment I guess, Carroll-Traore, a dream for Big Sam ;)


The McLaren P1 is such a great looking car. Doubt I'll ever see one in person though


 yes, I guess I can also sign my name under that one :). Sadly that's it.


And the Xbox Video WP app was also released. Sweet! :)  jsem jako oblben video   Sammy Adams - I Wish


14  RT to vote for our favorite couple.

Castle/Beckett   


Your intense desires could be wasted today on such trivial thi... More for Scorpio        Battlefield 4.           up for the 2v2 1nd $5 entry (14 teams in already, $70 payout)  Hosted by 


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  now dig this: Mentalic live tonight at Freudenreich Berlin!!


 I see u won't regonize me anymore today :( will never stop loving u! &lt;3 please follow me if u see this! &lt;3


Freestyle Pom Dance - Fighters Cheerleaders:  prostednictvm 


 I won't let you in this alone, send me a piece ;)


 [ptesa] (1991) Desy Ratnasari, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 5


I liked a  video from   Top 5 - Zu unrecht vergessenen Spiele | MythosOfGaming


Secret Service Officer Is Demoted From Presidential Detail 


regram 
The new Lamborghini Huracn will debut at Geneva 2014!   One direction fans make me sick." And Bieber. And basically all the Disney rebels.


 where are to up to guys?! Sounds like incredible progress  


 you're like the tiny voice in my head that says everything i want to hear =3=


If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow


Have you heard? We redesigned our test forms and added invoicing! Check it out for yourself:  [ajiuungng deaul] (1990) Jeong-min Hwang c:South Korea poin: 15


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


so far great effort from  on b2b game with CP3's Clippers!


..... RT " I think X factor should use tameras performances to guess the missing words for their competitions "


  I visited Honolulu as a child. \o/ good times.


15:37 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/ST-087 (Na Beckove, 302m, 1pt) 10.1174 cw: *CQ CQ at 23 wpm. S/N=5 dB at OH6BG {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 My favorite hotel is near the Spanish Steps, and I use the Metro there.


Oh well, there I thought he might sober up soon...   rallies round to help student Nicole who has a neurofibromatosis  bahaha. I will try. already did this once abt 3 weeks ago with the first two teeth. hope it goes as well this time. :)


 "rush" in the light of the  :) |    Ban Sunglasses Website Discount, 81% off, only $24.9 !          Springboard was great before, but now its even better!    


 at  followed by a  at  the former  airport in  quote from the  culture curriculum that I authored via   About how idols feed off common grace


Three muslims attacked the russian man, Russian Street Fight. White vs Muslims.   3 pairs or shoes 2 dresses and a top picked out! wish I had more money :( 


you're not a bad person, you're a very good person, who bad things have happened to
-Sirius Black to Harry Potter


why i make art. from bat-shit crazy to sweet relief. all on video: top of feed  never really grow up we just act like adults because were all expected too  


Yesssssssssssssss be ready for a big BANG! See ya all tonight!  pensei q ia abrir o twitter e ter tipo "Harry Styles beija Kendall na passagem do ano, clique no link para ver!" hahahahaha


 ni het ycmnpao fo adsesknr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: in the company of darkness


"On his own, Kerry decided to disregard the White Houses instructions [on Egypt]"  Mam and Dad to a takeaway          'We can both remove the masks and admit we regret it from the start' really cute :(


I liked a  video  Kids React To The Epic Split!


Think twice what eggs you use for your Christmas salad  Jawaban benar: the critical list,  17/355554 poin


Graffity Time: 
Graffity Time - malujte graffiti na auta a nenechte se chytit policisty.  ask for a night cap on BBM and bam! I wasn't ready for all this drama. My life :''D I feel like am in 'Nollywood'


I added a video to a  playlist  Emdee &amp; C Monts - Here we go again (Trusty remix)


 will be the song on ur album about ur sweet boys? please answer me, I try so hard! :)) and pls follow me? thank uuuu &lt;3


3D-printers in the cloud &amp; network security challenge  


 says 'A fictionalised and imported culture is being imposed on Pakistan .
 you stop talking about it.. i don't want to think about what happened there anymore


27  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


 [teh oygun derisr] (1989) Della Reese, p:cook c:USA poin: 16


Asap Rocky u by mohl nco vydat mixtape,album cokoliv co bude dope  


 that's something else and understandable. I'm talking about ppl like you and me.


from Michel Fortin Tip  Reduce Friction and Fear  Hahahahahahaha - that wasn't a joke was it. Oh. Equality for bigots is new on me..


Question for Mr.  can I quickly piece two videos together, on a 808, on device?


  i'm not immediately captivated but maybe. maybe.


V tychto dnoch zacinam treti rok svojho  zivota. Bavi ma to stale viac a viac, hell yeah! 


 most probably. they're in brazil.. so i think they planned it for afternoon at their place


 This dad is creeping me out big time.... Checking his daughter out like this 


Relationship stories told in movies, songs, and books, overly focus on starting the relationship.


Santa can you hear me? Ive been so good this year  starving floreserika35          homosexuality is a disease, let's all call in queer to work. 'Hello. Can't work today. Still queer.' "- Robin Tyler (US gay activist)


Wed, 13 Nov 2013, let us all send Chris Noth the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (59)


  Why would you want to follow him? His baseless tweets are RT'd on to our timelines anyway.


It really is cold outside! :)       I need to eat weight back on,the last 2month have not been kind..my clothes don't fit!


Posted a new photo: "Kiva with Raz Kennedy at 'Song for all Beings' Nov 2013, San Rafael, CA"  are aware of trivial problems that are tied to deeper issu... More for Aquarius  eth uebl nghkti tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the blue knight


 [ipticollyal rienoccrt] (1994) Eleanor Mondale, p:comedian c:USA poin: 21


38  Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


EU
2013/12/6 23:14:46 UTC+9, 
Location 149km NE of Prague_CZ, 
M3.1, TNT673.6kg, 
Depth 8.0km


By the time Hugh Freeze is done with Dan Mullen, he will have more eggs than the Easter Bunny. 


Buying clothes is absolutely best in the USA. See our new post on the   speaking of which i gotta put  on bukowski" what's the word


20  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


I've collected 3,677 gold coins!    


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


Remember how P4 subtly subverted anime tropes and was therefore great?


Interested in this job? Take a look: IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


  past 2 weeks I had to get up at 5 for work...so this morning it's just my system got used to it.


Great going for the gay community. Thomas Hitzlsperger announces he is gay in newspaper interview

 just used Shazam to tag How We Gonna Stop The Time by Kraak &amp; Smaak Feat. Stee Downes.  Fashion Show - Federico Fellini (Roma):  via 


 There's a time &amp; place for venting anger &amp; frustration  ur Pres. &amp;  memorial was not it!


h/t  for the interview w/ me " - The Future is Better Than You Think" by    nothing matters. life is meaningless. 


 Hi Ale, visiting Prague ? We have many discounts on accommodation, cruises, tours and activities, just contact us.


Budu kupovat soucastky (krome breadboardu a programatoru) na  klon  z GM. Nechcete nekdo taky?


Oh yeah! It's  ! I'm the 1st in  by           You're welcome! :)


 [estwe utcsije] (1992) Frank Gorshin, p:mine c:USA poin: 13


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  remember meeting you for the first time for geo-caching 
You were shy, I was shy. But we got really close tho 


 aw noo :( sigh gotta get your confidence a little higher.. that's my task while we're friends ;3;


     with julia_quasi &lt;3  special dvd casing is so panda and so pink its so cute i so love but i cant spazz over it yet im so sad


 24.1 hi! We're not close pero huhu thank you for helping me nung hinahanap ko si ano sml ang bait mo and hope we could be friends nyaha


Today stats: 4 followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  I'm working on a wiki code cleaner for many years now and still teach it new "weird shit" each day. Yea, I love that job. :-)


Like electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)        Doma  feat. Markee - Between Mother And Child (Ian Metty Remix)  For me was always the main computer for games ;)


One time I went to zekes to get my pipe and I couldn't even find it. Wtf


My spanish video project group got together tonight &amp; we listened to latin music, ate queso dip, &amp; talked about hating our spanish professor


Porns.
 Oreo Stuffed Chocolate Chip Cookies  days and I'll be home for two weeks, can't wait for the first big night out in Stirling! Things will get messy!


they are effen up for ending episodes on these huge cliffhangers.


I just remembered some really old videogame i own hmmm


16 - you picked this cause it my favorite number! And your cute 


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


I have Patch on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


We should have asked Father Frost for life:  in grief after terrorist attacks
Video 
 
I can't watch Blu Rays: Error 0x91d70001.
Is there a solution?


I have Bathhouse on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Difference between a boss and a leader. Who will provide the better solution with its team?  Top 25 most popular offices of 2013 and one from Czech Republic!   have a great day! We love you so much, man!


Getting home tomorrow and going straight to the hill to snowboard 


I'm ridiculously nervous about producing for this show. And this weekend I have to just start shooting and find my way.


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 1.3 C (34.34 F)  


" wow very nice click with  much success when shooting for.  it. ;-)  idk.. omg, i am so dumb when it comes to delivery things, nah i am just lazy lol..


MIT Scientist: Cholesterol Drugs Could Be Placing You In Mortal Danger Heres Why  all the christmas presents covererd, yay. Hope my family will like them :3


 mas mit poradnou banku. Ja nedam dopustit na Fio. Ze supportu asi zesilis, ale vetsinou ho clovek nepotrebuje. Za me dobry.


God help me please, because I can't do it on my own.


GlobAllShare World Wide: Become an owner gratuitously. &gt;&gt;&gt;  posted a photo  DOX Centre for Contemporary Art  [pnasa] (1998) Eizlan Yusof, p:impotence c:Malaysia poin: 5


You might grow increasingly anxious today as you temporarily l... More for Capricorn  Use this hashtag, if you're searching for someone, you lost and also retweet this tweet to support the needy! PLEASE RT!


 Let me rephrase it to align with my original argument: the (maybe bad) default doesnt seem to affect their productivity too much


I just said fucking and the teacher was in the class .. Didn't even know she was in here but she said its okay we all have bad days 


  very good, enjoying life, still in czech, moving soon though...what about you?


 No jo no, all you can eat neboli masov socialismus, to se vdycky zvrhne :-)


All you  fans on here, check this out.  


Oi  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


Rare gene variants double risk for Alzheimers disease | Newsroom | Washington University in St. Louis  G Martin Brodeur has shutout streak of 187:31 minutes after 1st period against  How long will he stay unbeatable?


No dull moments when Im with you! lakas lang maka *boomtiboom    has pissed me off for the evening.. 
 in my ear


  Thank you for reminding me on that one. Love, love, love it!


38  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


I had a nice day at the thermal bath with some friends.       Keown: My Premier League team and manager of the season so far  via 


Vesel Vnoce a astn Nov Rok 
Merry Christmas  and Happy New Year 


I've collected 12,464 gold coins!    


 Happy to be here today, let's see how long the children allow me to be present.


Introduction to Bitcoins and Bitcoin Workshop at  this December, check it    


Trancefusion Old School 2 - Johan Gielen:  prostednictvm 


7 people followed me // automatically checked by  (tef nolplu..) | periodo is 2800 16uma tempo 02:15ut  either dress super girly and pretty or I dress like a 40 year old man that hasn't gotten out of bed in 2 months


The Man's Guide to Haute Horlogerie: Episode 5 - The Minute Repeater  Birthday to my fraaaaand in india,  Have a good one, brother from another mother


A centrally-located large hostel in Prague Chili Hostel is surrounded by historical monuments, restaurants, pubs, clubs and shops.


Google, Microsoft Lead Campaign to Limit Government Surveillance  I bet you felt as hot as there was an actual inferno there. But a pro like you handles a keynote even if your pants are on fire.


 [het nma fmor beydon] (1922) Albert Tavernier c:USA poin: 19


Time to clear up my mind with Foals.   


Today stats: 5 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  doesn't need a makeover, a rebranding...some people just need an education"  via 


 [ainx si euj] (1983) Shou-fu Chin, p:fishing c:Hong Kong poin: 11


U Know Im So G PATTY MANE FT, STAAR QUEEN KONG(Prod. MontanaGotDemCrazyTracks)  Do not despair this weekend, friends. Unless you do it right. 


 you favoriting my tweet, makes me happy. I love Songza. Way better than the rest. 


So I've waited all this day for the Harry's tweet to Louis.. But it didn't happen.


 any food possible but not much like before. Because u had gastrectomy (cutting stomach), stomach smaller. No spicy n can drinks


 Riga... comunque bella spiegazione, keep it going!!!


Crocked Mind &amp; Abducted Brain - Patiki Dynamics:  prostednictvm 


Fireworks this evening? Those guys must programmers. 


Photo: Dont Let The Muggles Get You Down. | via Tumblr on We Heart It.   is a god still in process of training his powers, time to set that stuff down


  Gotta love people fighting. I usualy burst into laughter.


 thanks to rajat sharma sungram is exposed !!!  He is da most clever player in dis house and i dont like him


 Nooo! Not at all. I find myself so unattractive. My weight kills me. I'm learning to love myself. I bet you're BEAUTIFUL hunny


This going to take a major overhaul to fix these problems &amp; the reality is if United don't secure 4th then I can't see Rooney or RVP staying


I bet spencer will fall deeply in love one day and that girl is gonna do him over and then he'll feel a way 


 CHACHI ..PLEASE FOLLOW ME ..YOU ARE MY BIG DANCER IDOL!! i am from czech republic ! Ilysm &lt;3 &lt;3


 We are not sure yet, but why not let players decide if they want fight, or fight+build, or build only


Pirate Bay Cofounder to Be Extradited to Denmark Amid Hacking Charges  Wants You to Bring Your Worst to Joffrey on Twitter  Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 [ym gib taf kgree fiel] (2003) Nia Vardalos, p:spin-off c:USA poin: 21


 Aside from a few folks running a non persistent "DayZ Offline" scenario on an old version, I have not seen any.


Just loved "MINI MIX for 1.10 SHINICHI OSAWA DJ SET at JOULE OSAKA" by  on   haha thx, babe. I know i'm missing one too many convos... ;;


Inspiration for next weekend, NOOOOOO!!!   


  wish you good legs! Regards from Cottbus, hope to see you in summer here!


 Like light refracting off glass, their perception of any one character will be based around their own experiences/personality.


 [het hndeag nam] (1964) Edgar Bergen, p:revenge c:USA poin: 14


"  please justin, follow me i love you so much  x30"


so, I have all the formal shit figured out. tomorrow only have to read thru the thesis to see if I make sense in it + grammar niggles...


 Just admit defeat already, baby. You can't win.


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Report: Titanfall Will Include Snipers, But No Quick-Scoping  via 


Lb se mi video   [Trap] : Tomsize x Flechette - The Twerking Dance


 &lt;&lt; export is strong. 2. What might work in GY will not necessarily work in UK (= what I meant by "2 different countries")


It's wonderful when you enhance reality with all your favorite... More for Aquarius  of 150 fake security cameras on building facade with the intention of not watching over anything.  to* Yale University Press - The Arab Center: The Promise of Moderation- Marwan Muasher -  That's more of a fun fact though. I can send you an email later today, if you want to? Twitter's not the best place for this.


Thanks to the volunteers at  - my little guys are in bed as they said Santa was on his way to  .  still full!


Hope he didn't buy anything on Black Friday.  


I swear  tweets bout to have me on my Dom shit today.


Math paper 1 &amp; 2. 2 days after each other. Whaaaatttt in the WORLD?


 [teh neapsasoit ndefris] (1922) Teddy Arundell, p:professor c:UK poin: 22


That feeling when your dad calls to tell you how proud he is of you 


 If a woman calls me a creep I think she's flirting with me 


  Just don't do the same mistake Oracle did and raise expectations too early! ;)


netaudionews: D-Noise - Leaves Are Falling    


I liked a  video  Mistletoe - Justin Bieber (LianeV cover)


Get rich or die tryin'    


Good to be back in SA with  Red Grapetiser and 26degress...     [SCANS] Taecyeon Tokyo Dome DVD BTS (cr:      hte eilf fo aerclsh ecepa tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the life of charles peace


 agora que a putaria comea! ( AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/ 3 others)  night everyone..sleep well and sweet dreams and good start into new day.&lt;3;-)  ight ima hit you up homie I'm cooking these steaks n burgers get a ride an come eat


Microsoft Launches Anti-Google Merchandise Line 'Scroogled'  more days until pitchers and catchers report! 


I've harvested 73 of food!    


I bet someone is already developing the  Stag Night pub crawl in London.


 i wish you a great sunday with your family. And Happy christmas time;-);-)


 hte poor lettil irch rigl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the poor little rich girl


Gastronomicke peklo.Zebra miluju,ale tyhle se topily v ohratym kecupu. A sypou na ne mandle.Teda obri kusy syroveh...  to make a marzipan pony*
*struggles, sighs, eats the marzipan plain*


A can love hard RT  Toas dough hard can?   hhaahah


Perfektn rekap na blogu Hanky a Veroniky z The Czech Chicks    could do her hair herself and donate that 100k to a damn 3rd world country and feed them for YEARS


 Thousands hit Kiev streets in rival rallies as mayor suspended over protest crackdown  reisr Ridley Scott (Vetelec, Gladitor, Prometheus) a spisovatel Cormac McCarthy (Tahle zem nen...  Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


  *first pair of rubber limbs ties around furawag and rest paws for switch* This is not over you fox machine... 


 chachi ..please :/ make my christmas better :) follow me please! :( &lt;33 love you


So beautiful!    Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  Tweaks News Feed for More 'High Quality' Content  Czech food! Chicken breast fried in butter, Pilzner Urquell beer, and all you can eat  the 14th between 3:00 and 5:00 we will be closed to the public for a friends post-wedding hangover refuel! Come before or after!


 Not good. President as first among equals should vote to give example of responsible citizenship.


Have you ever heard of Bill Gray's? Maybe you have, maybe you haven't. I fucken run this place! 


Lb se mi video   The Walking Dead Season 2 Music - In the Water (Credits)


today I opened the first door from my advent canlendar! :)


 not yet, win the title with Sparta this year and possibly CL football following. If not, yes, move.


 hrtee no hte trila tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: three on the trail


 it's a different color than all other players so if needed I can quickly spot myself.


 Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** I'm really sorry for spam :* 41


TODAY:  FM Nalbandian meets with Russia's FM Lavrov in  to discuss the  conflict and  issues.


My friends dog has the most tolerance in the world!  via 


I love the range of possibilities of what can/could/might/will happen before you decide for one of them and the way of yours is clear...


Not writing today, up at the summer house doing heavy reconstruction. Sweaty, but wonderful to see an actual result at day's end.


 goal is elimination of individual privacy worldwide -  to  
  fillet fried and baked in fine spices, toast with herbal butter and cheese, salad YUM!   I'm a designistrator who is currently working in Prague, returning to UK next month. My portfolio:   Bo's Coffee with Jibon and Marj after the  practice...  yep.  during winter I'm usually envy of anyone that has summer all year.  :-D


Drop weight, cut inches and put a stop to fat production now  glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


 Jawaban benar: st. kilda, its people and birds,  31/319881 poin


the best slomo-mixtape ever!!! 

thanks Milena Meiner  

&lt;3  "Overcoming your body, your limitations, and your fears. Winning means surpassing yourself and turning your dreams into reality.


About Christmas Trees for the Oil &amp; Gas Industry - written by Thais Kohn
 !!! DKUJEME !!! Dme do konce roku 30.000?:) // Thank you so much for support!  no no i'm not evil like that lol it's really cute and sweet


Daily Meditation: Sunday, December 8, 2013.

"By singing mystical, spiritual, songs, we create around us a
whole...  tow ecstyoo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: two coyotes


My Umi said shine your light on the world..Shine your light  UMI Says by Mos Def (at Dianti Catering Company )   you been working abroad? Get your money back!:  pes 


In memory of Christine Pascal who was born on November 29th, 1953 and died on August 30th, 1996.


  nna sale ke bua gore beyonce's ass is the future!! I'd give it all for that!


Finished the book about the teenage Syrian boy ... ;_; noooo - it's so good I don't want it to be over


yew dnt knw anythng abt me then if yew dnt knw that. dnt be silly


vcs tres, vc mahely e fabi  ah simmmm! Desculpa, obrigada anjo! rss  memory of Odetta who was born on December 31st, 1930 and died on December 2nd, 2008.


   none, ever ever. Yeah and you also want stakes from pink Unicorns served for lunch? Get real.


 Wow. Harsh and depressing! Wonder if things have changed much?


loliana   Please play Better Together By Fifth Harmony!  


  if you accidentally on purpose give me an due to excessive medication ill take that too


Guys follow  she's fab and likes perfect things. Merry Christmas xx


47 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


Montreal based blog Music Is My Sancturary asks artists to make a mix based on their influences and roots.

And...  so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x19


nice day with my grandma &lt;3 love her so much xxx 


Don't hit on me at work or during a business meeting. Just don't do it. Why do black men think it's okay?


Vendula is Milan chic in this minimalist session   Doesnt matter if I use commander or common .bat file. Also it shows me OA in Steam store, haha. 2/2


 libice vid, ale dal bych naky brka a pochilloval s fellakama... Znas to no...


 You definitely have our support Jack. You deserve good things and I hope they continue to come your way


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  are the long term benefits of  for -  exchange of passes between Danny and Cleverley. 


Cause no one is born the King Of Silence
So choose your voice
So speak up, don't back down
Don't wear that crown
Let your voice scream out!


 I do belive they will come... It is just about to wait for them :) 


 I simply have none and wont get one for just one evening... Also their respect against others seems to lack a bit...


 "Quote this with your fave 5sos song!!" BESIDE YOU, Wherever you are...


I liked a  video  Mouth &amp; MacNeal - How do you do 1972


Lecker ... lecker - unser   tekshrek Headquarters  the bridge you had to burn illuminate the path that you have set upon yourself


My command-line tool Tocgen is now available via web-interface:  lol :D "Funny House of Commons Moments:  via 


Not sure why should the coffee cup look like this but damn...hot chocolate+coffee= heaven :) good "morning" world :))  out my  page -  Get yours now before all the names are gone.  money , live life , thats the mufucking plan , abm my niggas i aint thinking bout friends!


Okay, the android app store is shitty. Not moderated, only crap visible. Still better than searching for classical music on google play


Inspiration for your library from Zappos family - the list:   analogue UMTS gateway 2N EasyGate PRO UMTS can be used to completely replace a landline over a mobile network.  04 Jan 2014, let us all send Matt Frewer the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (56)


 whoa.. now you make me have a feel of waiting for my phone to ring... LOL


Adam tuna ile frat' Diyarbakr'da birletirdi ..Braksalar amazonu kzlrmak'la Edirne'de birletirecek ..Tutmayn lan :) 


Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies contributes chapter to annual Freedom House report  Seasons Hotel Riyadh Reveals the Newest Jewel in Its Crown  The...  self-assessment tax return around the corner  Don't fear those tax demons   Successful Entrepreneurs Share The Best Advice They Ever Got  via 


Submited a "bugrequest" to  and a few hours later get "We just pushed out a fix" email. 


Thanks  for letting me try the Lumia 1020. 
It is a brilliant phone and an even better camera.  Shokalskiy'  thing now just execrable melodrama. TY,  Only lives at risk r would-be rescuers. 


 Loni jsem si nejveseleji vykraoval s "Ella wishes you a swinging Christmas" 


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


Good Evening,

We hope you did well on your midterms! Because of those midterms, we have decided to extend the...   208: 07. Patterson &amp; Askew vs. Porter &amp; Weston - Stroking The Tesla For Effect! ( Mashed-up Edit)


You may have made some moves in your love life recently that has...More  LOVE Scope here  if previously hidden aspects of your personal history are... More for Scorpio             week on twitter: 3 new followers, 4 new unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Do u want me to write some articles for u about beer?


Handmade Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


I should drink less coffee if I was a cowboy I'd be dead my hands shake really bad sometimes


I just need to clear my mind now It's been racin' since the summertime


I hate this the whole day nothing happens and then the Kiwis awaken and wreak havoc


Mampir ke kantor mbak bhoss.. Yg katanya mau nganterin (w/ Aurelia &amp; Devy at My Office Desk (Trans Waru Ruko))   - LAOS - "We Want It"  - The Only Album from Gudrun - with my personally Favorite "I Want It" !!  RockOn !!   katmxy: yggdrasilfarms: OMZ! Best art evah. LOL pretty sure Ive reblogged this before but since...  why is it noone can say or elaborate what they r sayin in tounges, bt in the bible the tounges were interprated


Revolverheld feat. Marta Jandov - Halt Dich an mir fest:  via 


I was supposed to be out with a cocktail in my hand right now but instead am on mom duty. I will try to be glamorous at home.


I wanna talk that shit... but too tired walking that walk.


When i dont bag il think bout that shif for the whole week


Today stats: 4 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  Police Are Offering a $10,000 Reward For the Best Bourbon in the World  is] proferred all pure and open to the long joys of being himself, like a basin to a vomit.


I added a video to a  playlist  SFM Tutorial Week  Creating a Sun


LM Zofin 14.12. Divocak ocuchava Zatlianiho kytarovy aparat...***LM Zofin 14th Dec. The wild hog sniffing...  Where black  at? I need ignance on my TL." All they kno


Loure prouvost 2013 Turner prize winner.  


25 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  [AVS] Happy new Year!~ [AnimeMedley]


            !   Official iOS 7 Adoption Numbers Make Android Look Absolutely Pathetic | Cult of Mac  good question haha. I will post there 2 for sure but i didnt find there (AO3) any "private or lock" mode as on LJ


"I haven't _______ since last year" 
Please stop.Dont do this


65 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


if i could be any herb i'd definitely be majestic basil, king of the herbs   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         327


you can't blame females, females can't really ignore something that's obvious.


my mom has said bye Felicia at least 46 times this past week


 Android, proto sem j ani nepsal, kdy m iOS. "Simple Checkin for Foursquare"


Gusto ko man sila patulugon di pero christmas break na i want some peace in the house please &lt;3 :( 


 I'm sorry about that, but I don't want to believe it's on purpose, at least I hope she didn't give up on you, that'd be sad


 Peony (T88643) the Black  mix puppy is up for adoption today!   tell mom!!!!


Am 03. Januar 2014 sind wir live im Engel 07 -  mit den Bands: Cephalgy, Seelennacht, Desastroes und ES23. 100% Electro Aftershow


 [moanw htey oslatm hnleydc] (1953) Jack Ingram, p:end-of-war c:USA poin: 25


 would you say that Pete is one of your best friends? :)


Talked about the idea of  and its application in  on   URL to podcast later 


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   Next time remove your ugly OC on the streams... IT'S ANNOYING AS HELL


 wwe graet eanacirm sbha tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wwe great american bash


Happy Thanksgiving to all my US friends. Enjoy some time with your families. :)


  seen the video and I'm not in it, but it's okay, I'm happy to be your star at least lol


Yeah, second Fatboy wireless charging pillow in the house. Thanks Nokia  !  delame web stranky, aby prodat nejaky vyrobek a neudelame neco aby "prodat" sam sebe? Must see priklad od 


2 Peter 1:11     And you will be given a very great welcome into the kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, a kingdom that never ends.


I basically replicated this game just in a quicker fashion  


The Lede: Selfie of Obama Was Misinterpreted, Photographer Says 


Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.  new favorite: David Gtronic - Ojos Negros (ilario Liburni Remix) - Art Of Dark - (Sampler) by Art Of Dark  Applications: Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


Having fun with matching  colors!:) Daddy has cool ideas:D  Rosicky wearing gloves? He has been in England too long.


 Your earlier suggestion to  about wearing a wetsuit wasn't a bad one then! ;) (Hope it'll soon clear up for you


Nine Music Labels Plan To Sue Vkontakte, The Facebook Of Russia, Over 6,000 Illegal Tracks  performances from Music Bank, Music Core and stuff like that where I can watch this at least T^T


"Lucid Stead, a 'transparent' house created from wood and mirrors"  everything from inside of me. Your silhouette in the doorway. But before you walk away, don't say goodbye. Look in my eyes.


 !!!! . wa dw la i all along believe he's a good person. noooo dont spoil my image of him!


  thanks Willo! you and i should connect next time i'm in the Bay.would be great to sit down and have a powwow!


 I love having lot of Christmases! Prague's nice but (and after this people will stop talking to me) I liked Dresden more..?)


Great review for  - 'Great experience, and really \"non-traditionnal\" as promise...' -  still of  as MaryLou in On The Road.   i cant bc im somewhere where the shadow begins but still!!!!!!!!!!! i hope he will be back next year


You can look forward to the new visualisation of residential housing complex. It will come very soon!   Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest. It's about who walked into your life, said "I'm here for you" and proved it."


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


Fashion details          out walking 0.70 km with  See it here:  fucking kids and they smart ass mouths...NO DEAL


i'm tired of being ignored can you at least tell me what the fuck is your problem


I've collected 9,217 gold coins!    


STATISTIKY  Stely 37:24, hity 14:11, buly 35:38 a zblok. stely 9:7.


 it's okay, I didn't't assumed that you were talking about a car crash or a Crash bandicoot xD


Fantasy Football Playoffs got me hyped like   did you see this:
 ?
You made a form-factor - great :)


I need a new phone hell yes I really need the new one!


  cr7 is the main man they robbed him twice n now i wanna c wats gng to happen.


Just watched two hours of highlights from  2013 it is an incredible race !! really hope to do it in my first year as MTB rider


I liked a  video  QAPITAL 2014 | Official Q-dance Trailer


Masaya sana yung Tech. Write kung masaya din ang Prof. Ugh. Pang-exercise na ba ito para sa Theo next year?


 That's good to know, it's difficult to gauge how much to 'push' new articles.


Pr fotek z Public Brewing Session v pivovaru Cantillon:  a ne snad? O tyhle lidi se mame starat sami, nemeli by jsme tuhle povinnost prevadet na stat. Obecne by jsme nemeli mit stat.


I know you are not into my only box of Raffello Coconut candies!! (Dec 13)  Die Roy Haus  cuts most crucial points from interview with Russia's UN envoy on    MPs decriminalise political corruption"  Cute. It takes a Supreme Court to do the same here.


 Jawaban benar: the navajo silversmith,  22/352959 poin


Listening to Another Irish Drinking Song by Da Vinci's Notebook    (va 


New Sales Representative in       Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2013 -- Krabi Thailand - Event Clip  levels the score with only three minutes to go in the first half! 1-1!


 it was the worst I don't want to experience it again.. even though graduation will be similar TT


 I'm experiencing problems buying System Mechanic from your site. The price doesn't match the '15-year anniversary offer'


"vCOPS For 3PAR Using HP StoreFront Analytics Pack"&lt;in right time - just working on vSphere design with 3PAR  Oh it's okay :) You're welcome!! Yes I do I just had no time last week =/


 It's the most beautiful time to type you. I love you, Merry Christmas Hazz!! :) xoxo


    I think we should organise a dinner with all these components. Yes?


Bitstamp supporty (pro magory): prodavejte po prolomeni: 1049, 1034, 1018, 1000


 Jawaban benar: children of the damned,  22/452 poin


Photoset: takingashortbreak: Transparent roses (2012) - from the glass collection of london-based...  the   likened  to infamous German security service -  


 What are you doing in Prague? :) It's nice here, isn't it


How many people have made a new years resolution to get fit and or lose weight/ tone up in 2014?


I don't even have my  yet, but i'm already running into problems: too many awesome watchfaces!


Just finished reading 'Safe Haven' by  ... Cried my eyes out at the end... But loved every single line of the book, it's ace!


 Brian Clough, best manager for him it seems lol. Clough was past his peak when Keano played under him+he had hit him as well


 Enterprise File Sharing and B2B Collaboration "Made in Europe" 5.12 at 2pm CET  


 [karnhsa adda bmbs] (2004) Surya, p:college c:India poin: 17


Number crunching for the past day - 3 new unfollowers. Stats via  To unlock Level 2 receive speeding tickets from 5 different countries.

Which country, btw?


Why innovations become disappointments?    -  ...u gotta learn not to yap....I guess the ROSE BOWL looks pretty good right now!!


I still find it funny that the most expensive Mac Pro costs 9000$ in US and 14000$ here


6 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Lb se mi video   Pharrell Williams - Happy (Official Music Video)


Nemaj to tu kluci okliv. ;-) ( Webovy servis Company w/ 2 others)  Mandela Interpreter's Murky Past Includes Murder and Rape Charges  think everybody cried when justin talked about avalanna, or when he sang Believe :'(


My boldest claim so far: Most digital ads in 2014 will be native (social) ads  can you please like the page of my best friend? It would mean a lot! The link is in my...  What's your  name?  opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


Build your down line for hundreds of free hits to your sites  you love Chance The Rapper
you could most likely
 be my friend .


Photo: Aprs le smartphone, le smart-soutien-gorge! Aprs le smartphone, le smart-soutien-gorge!...  TouchPad gets Android 4.4 KitKat (unofficially) - Liliputing -  hahahaha lagu kau tak best . Meh Aku bagi poem for you . Onelittletwolittlethreelittleindian .. fourlittlefive~


Auto Correct: The long road to Googles self-driving car.  via DuckDuckGo for Android


 WITHOUT A SCRIPT: Not a public execution, I've no right to stand with sword   


Good morning to everybody!!! We wish you all an amazing weekend! Have much fun and don't stop the music.


Environmentally friendly.     justine please Follow me ... you do not know what it means to me :)) PLEASE !!! &lt;3


  myth ? Yeah anything to see in the sand ?  Zombie


I liked a  video from   Crafk hraje HC  - star bba!


Ulema described the PML-N government as political Taliban
 [eth yda oretrb idrneo met emsaj acan] (2002) Mike Marcotte c:USA poin: 36


Trying to sleep and she just walks in my hotel room, jumps on my bed and won't leave me alone.   on Twitter for the first time in A long time makes me miss Austin TX.  Happy Thanksgiving,  hope to see you guys soon.


 exactly! I would in a heartbeat! I would finally be in the right location to watch all youtube videos :D can I stay with u :D?


Whoever is the dj.... Knows his mixing ...i feel like jumping out of the house now 


happy new year too michael:D RT  Sepik ah ,happy new year ya abang wkwkw"SeptiariniAmel: gpp haha RT  Haha kenapa


 congratulations for year 2013 and wishing the best for 2014!!


Kakak gue.. Keponakan gue.. Ibu sama ayah gue.. Trus keluarga di ADV ulang tahun.. Wah.. Banyak ya? -__-"


Via  Cheap flights to   for 265  + cheap business class ticket with  from MLE. Nice trip coming


 :c sad. It's smaller than my district... I think


  maybe..dont know what I ll do in summer...


 I would love to hear this song when you sing :)


 Best Movie Ever!"Mandela.Long Walk To Freedom". What a story. Speechless.  that was just amazing...


Rune  But Im surely better in flying so for me its also a big goal to go to Harrachov [for the Ski-flying World-Championships 2014]


Some arm details wearing  atlas collection silver bracelet and lovely   2.6  POLAND: MagnitudeML 2.6RegionPOLANDDate time2014-01-03   15:27:57.0 UTCLocation50.98 N ; 16.39...  to Mandela. What a legend. You can could actually see the peace and stillness in his face. Yet so many terrible things to endure.


Video: Paul Whitehouse's hilarious 'fake signer' acceptance speech at British Comedy Awards   via 


7  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


    I'm a bit partial to the main event as it were, but -clearly- I am biased. ;)


Finding the Intersection Between Mission and Market  Ian Symmonds &amp; Associates  lol, sorry..  Misunderstood...  Already running nbma mode. Il looks that wen hub sends a prune for the shared tree "forgets" the


Mumbai's last generation of letter writers signs out  via 


The Saudi Spring? by Tarek Osman via    via 


La la la la la la.. that's how the fuck you sound, you drunk and hot girl


 For sure it is just a drill. But it gives a good idea of what they would, theoretically, TRY to do.


No, I know you're for real.
A hundred percent?
Nobody could fake being such an annoying dick all the time.


Czech collector buys worst wax museum figures: Location and plans for the bizarre set of unconvincing celebr...  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Hola! Look at my polish version of "Podemos"  What do you think about it? :)


how can you make me love this movie more?!...oh yeah...let Ed Sheeran do the soundtrack...damn I see fire!


  flies to China as government survives no-confidence vote.     What? You mean this movie?:  It was horrible and sad - they all died:'(


We need more creativity 
        Our house    You know what? I'm going to act in a movie with you some day. I hope I will. Not with Max Kenton, but with Dakota Goyo.


Oznail(-a) som video   imon Vojta si peje k vnocm 3D SMART Full HD LED televize SAMSUNG


I really wish i can say "i want your solo album" out loud to him.. I was had this high expectation and then... Hufft :'(


Life during the Communist era in Czechoslovakia  Prague Blog  via 


  wait till school starts again, duude, its a conspiracy!!! ...they out to her us tlhemonna 


How am I supposed to survive three long episodes then?


I'm at Nrodn divadlo | National Theatre (Praha) w/ 3 others    
Heimtextil 2014 exhibition from 8.-11. January 2014 in Frankfurt, Germany. You can find us at STAND G93 HALL 3.1.


either you want me or you dont, I need to know I need to know


 why do you need a BES to have S/MIME support on BB10? I love my Z10 but I would love it even more with secure email -.-


Feelings of paranoia may surface today, but the truth is that ... More for Aquarius  lol i didn't say you was i was feeling yo tweet tho that's why i did it .


I'm looking for a WG in Munich, Feb-July 2014. do you know about something? :) thanks!


 Amamos a caixinha azul.        fairy tales are already up and running I see.


Just made a movie of my  on Twitter:  What's yours look like? 


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


Watch this GIF and think of this:
FUN!
fun?
FUN!
fun?
FUN!
fun?
FUN!
fun?
FUN!
fun?

 in bed with nice breakfast and The Mentalist and this afternoon loads of family and delicious food 


 (2013) The magic continues in Linklaters return to the lives of Celine &amp; Jesse   


 I'd recommend Patrick Rothfuss' The Kingkiller Chronicle or Jim Butcher's The Dresden Files (this one is more contemp. fant.)


 Thanks. Did you see Martyrs? My favourite horror film in years. Anyway good luck with your work. Regards from Prague.


 Hi, I can't redeem amazon gift cards. Could you help me? Thanks.


 |  Dismaying top court ruling re-criminalizes 
 crap. I just made the mistake of logging into Steam during the sale... 


somebody better did something amazing this week. PLEASE 


 ahh maybe I will plan a trip after that. So I can see you it wouldn't be the same without


 Jawaban benar: the police box,  14/370423 poin  1/341744 poin


Kan plec na vestkch s emlovm knedlkem
Braised wild boar shoulder with plums and bread dumplings
Zdenk...  macam bangga gila sebab bangun awal compare to the others! Hahaha


We consider  to have been a most successful event and gathering place for exchange of interesting ideas.


An album of some of the world's craziest rooms   Tour to Switzerland today..! Hip Trip! Get Seen Soon!   I find myself more productive in those conditions, but definitely need a little downtime afterwards.


I've harvested 1,390 of food!    


Larki: Tm Mere
Sapno Me
Khwabo Me
Jazbon Me
Rehty Ho

PthAn : Baji Tmko Kisi Ne Bewaqoof Bnaya Hy
Hm To Peshawar Me Rehta hy
Hahahahahaa


Did you see the Christmas tree lighting in Prague on the 30th of November? Share your pictures with us!


 Nobody was... Long story shot: "I know it didn't happen, but it did, but it didn't, but it did, yet I'm sure it didn't."


 NOOOOOO!!! Stay 17 forever, that's an order. I am 22


It led me to dick RT " I followed my heart and it led me into my fridge"


Democracy 4.0 workshop w/ Italian+Spanish activists        se mi video   Major Lazer - Get Free ft. Amber of the Dirty Projectors


Help  and  by backing this amazing Kickstarter AND being entered to win a  vacation!  same, it's one of my first fics and still one of my favourites too


Smart World Infographic: "Sensors for Smart Cities, Internet of Things and beyond" by   Brettelladen Movienight, Rave Party ... 


  by zpecter         on   updated for  The   from  A great   for  everywhere.  on my boo  with  but shhh ;-)  lol


Photoset: olabilemez: All Doctors regenerations.  top   stories that made you say WOW -  via 


  That is the most beautiful sunset I have ever seen!


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 950


 soll  retten    


Look at the cat loving life. Bless! RT " 40.73657200, -73.99085400  Commando - Unterwelt EP out now... 
Inkl. Acylum Remix !!


"Facebook's Super Hive-Killing Query Machine Now Yours"  shared via 


 [ucf :73 hihg pcmita] (2002) Jeff Osborne c:USA poin: 19


Lmfaoo RT " Stages of opening presents from relatives that you're not really close with...  ALL MY BEST WiSHES &amp; HAPPY NEW Y34R 2014
KEEP PARTYiNG &amp; RAVE ON 
2013 was great...full of goodies,and...  (cif nolplu..) | periodo is C800 16uma tempo 17:15ut  shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


 well, that's a liiiittle mix. so, I'm sad, angry, hurt, and sick.


 Protoe jak me neshippovat "If you're not married in 20 years I'll marry you myself" :DDD PS sorry za spam :D


  if you can handle watching star wars all over again :P


meu baby me deu um chocolate gostooooooooosoooooooo dmmmmmmsssssssssss *--*


Someone got  " Don't use Microsoft emails(hotmail,outlook),They are monitoring your accounts and selling the data (...)"


Backstage photo... Make-up  and hair done. ;)  "pinkhair  In Beyond Two Souls [German]  "Abschied hoch Drei!" [HD+] (Walkthrough):  ber 


    I also not really. It doesn't load anymore :o


     I got my first cell phone when I was 17, but I didn't want it back then


"All that echos" - new album by  Unbelievable perfect!


Random fact  On every continent spiders eats bats. except Antarctica. In Antarctica they eat Emperor Penguins.


 Winter has a special magic, no doubt, I love snow in the mountains, but not so much here in the city


What made you happy today?  Nothing my mum traveled  favorited a  video  Traxtorm Gangstaz Allied - Hardcore Italia - Official Videoclip [HD]


Christmas in Greece -- Christmas Around the World -- whychristmas?com  some cultural city breaks demand a kind of earnestness, Prague wears its historical richness lightly,enfolding you in its past.


Writing a  postcard to Netherlands through  to Belfast.  Until we meet again     is out today... one more platform for indies, keeping fingers crossed for great games &amp; awesome console!  


New Sales Representative in       prodal u 10 milion Note 3. Sakra, e ty lidi ty plcaky tak erou :-)  via 


Today stats: One lovely Elf followed me and 2 unfollowed me via  species of insect found living in the South American Rainforest"  in 2014: an open SDK, big international plans and maybe even new devices  Tech News and Analysis  in our human nature to be attracted to others, even when in relationships. taking "likes" so serious on IG. U know ur eyes wander too.


I am excited to get home and start planning some Caribbean style holiday parties!


Last wedding of 2013. Arubian-German. We met the nicest German family ever!   effects can't seem 2 understand hw ma 2day is gonna look like


 is overwhelmed and I am not surprised.     I've completed the 'Old Friends' quest in Mystery Manor game!    


Was out running 3.08 km with  See it here:   if he was as good with them as you are trying to say, Portugal would've topped their group.


Appreciate what's put in front of you because it could always be less.


I don't feel my toes. Seriously YOU GUYS MY TOES ARE NUMB THEY FIRST HURT LIKE HOLY HELL NOW I DON'T FEEL EM IS THIS BAD


 Schedule meeting w/ yourself in a calendar to block a time to work on your priorities


Goedemorgen. Goodmorning. Gutenmorgen. Liftstation on top of the highest mountain in Czech Republic.   Sympathy (Massive Attack) iv od Hooverphonic nem chybu.


I finished reading the  series and watched  mid season-finale all in one day. I'm devastated.


Look closer!! Stunning Photographs of the Worlds Last Indigenous Tribes | Brain Pickings  via 


 Use FoxyProxy or, and that's the intended way, use the system's proxy settings


A photo of me and my boyfriend. NO PHOTOSHOP, that's for sure.  best album of the year?!   
 Palicka a  z  v Plzni o svobodne firme a marketingu. Diky :-)  I am really sorry for my grammar faults but I am tweeting so fast I cant control my fingers


285 Million Mainstream Tablets are being used Worldwide  my love life is like an combination of LoveCom and Kimi ni Todoke minus the cute and minus happy endings 


I've collected 22,623 gold coins!    


  I have been to Rome three times, Venice once, Florence twice and to Tuscany, Cinque Terre, Sicily. But never to Capri - next time!


 This ad makes my day every time I go to work :D


Only a third of HR Directors conduct exit interviews  s  a  do Brna na  s taskou pres rameno a zjistil, ze je to az do nedele. Asi bude shopping.


I use  to save articles &amp; videos for later and I made it to the Top 5% of readers in 2013! See my     um excuse me what was i doing before i kinda forgot bc TTTTTTTTTTT


the more real you get the more unreal the world gets


Do your best to avoid defending your beliefs today because you... More for Scorpio  collected 11,056 gold coins!    


             i'mma make you shine bright like you're laying in the show girlfriend girlfriend you could be my girlfriend


Only at CES....AT&amp;T kicks T-Mobile CEO out of its CES party  via 


 is it bad that now I feel like I never want to work again?? :(((


 [apw spaw] (1985) Stanley Stoddart, p:bear c:USA poin: 8


Happy New Year with a StyledDialogs update! Enjoy a proper .aar support for Gradle:  


TV Beitrag: Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Contesttag 1...   Seriously? I understand the sister is in pain but n how far was the police at fault? It was  won't front, i fuck with that lil durk "who is this". that's all tho.


When evaluating a redesign, your first instincts are to compare the new design to the old design. But dont do that.  hey gang, I dont get any redlines under my misspelled words, but when I tap on them it shows spelling options. Is that a bug? Thx.


Hurray! I've completed the 'Use a Charm' quest in Mystery Manor game!    


When your parents suck at modern technologies and you discover your xmas presents. Our Moment, you'll be mine. B)


 Nice article! So you think that West was being serious with his video? I've heard some argue that it's a parody itself (?)


Today stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via   Ngebayangin ini diacara sekelas AMA, eeeeerr udh layak bingiiitz! RT  This is my first performance in Japan   Starting t  o prepare rooms for participants


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


33  RT to vote for the best tvshow

Castle   


 peeta should come and have a bath with me tho


Pascal  My 9th place in  during the  was my best result. That was super, I really jumped well there. 


2 days 10 hours 20 mins to finish the Christmas gift for my parents.


 same here...gift for my mum is always the hardest thing to do!


Haul 01/14           omg he looked me in the eyes when i was leaving the train. &gt;o&lt; Was i too obvs or worse-did he read my tweets?! 


 I haven't seen many yet but I think this will be one of the top ones.. if not the top one whoa. Did you catch it in the end? :D


Traning Camp in the Czech mountains   made a new achievement: `For ...`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


" True colors get shown, feelings change just like the seasons.."


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Rayman Origins on Raptr!  os trabalhos ( Captain's w/  [pic]:  A man truly loves you when missing you is his hobby, caring for you is his job and loving you is his life."


Nice interview on   by  and    - we are curious. If we made a video about 'how to make a track', which track of ours should we use??


If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that.    I think Colin do really normal things like everyone :)


Nobody Knows The Trouble Ive Seen - N. Luboff - Nokturno -- Sezimovo st:  prostednictvm 


32 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Bought into a lot of little promising altcoins during the crash. Today I've made 150%. Wonderful day.


How is Hannibal?Is it a good show?Should I dowload it?;)


Mam tu pana z IBM opravuje Storewize a furt error terror. To bude dlouhy den.


Apple koupil PrimeSense. Tte se na bezdotykov senzory ala Kinect  mobilmania.cz


 diky! Tam tedy spada i muj retweet, ale neposlal jsem mail. Jeste sance to napravit?


FRESH TUNE!  - Rap God ( Remix)! New remix from DMNDZ! Check it!   


Not my business but... I'm pretty pretty much sure they're dating.


B000 (buf nolplu..) | periodo is B800 16uma tempo 15:45ut  Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via   


 Jawaban benar: once upon a coffee house,  24/362449 poin


 cursor: You call update on local piece of data, and it actually triggers update on correct spot in global data.  is always those morning people at school I don't look forward to seeing and then when I do see them I'm like, "No one likes you."


 Jawaban benar: the lost survival guide,  23/370677 poin  1/344383 poin


Like electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  Please, follow me and my friend  we love you so much x30


Claire Holt for Just Jared 2014! She looks so stunning *___*  in the not too distant future, advertising agencies will no longer be needed, because cats will be used to sell everything.


when i grow up i want to be a boards of canada song


will this film ever get around to politics? or will it be just romance? Lady Jane proved you can do both, and well.


  Rezervujte si vstupenky na silvestrovskou party v SaSaZu ji dnes!
  Book your tickets for New Year's Eve...  riding a scooter through Prague: Black night, cold autumn and perfect tarmac street - a perfect combinat...  jsut became a citizen of Alesso's World. Learn more and apply for citizenship here. -  bad for you  Palm Oil bad for the planet    from Melody Meyer  by Pini Hamou. I didnt get this one edited by him so I did it by myself cause I really like it  :)  jackson is 10 years old now i feel old  


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


83 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


     not sure what to think bout his suit lol  pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


: Gunaydn ve iyi pazarlar  / Morning and have a good sunday   "One of the fastest-growing companies on Earth"  i have tons of pills and stuff so yeah i should be c:


 [het lcod romo] (1984) Warren Clarke, p:possession c:UK poin: 13


playing music to my neighbours - i'm such a good person :D


 Concept Car to Premiere at the Geneva International Motor Show Next Spring    


 [asmtlo nglsea] (1962) Walter Varndal, p:boy c:USA poin: 13


Philips unveils the SlimStyle  Bulb (hands on)  TALKING - MORE DOING. Go   today! Make someone else's life better.    


47  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Happy Birthday to you  Wishing you plenty of luck,laughter &amp; health 4 the new year of your life.Happy Day ;-)


Same-Day Delivery Services Try to Win the Holiday Shopping Season  training tomorrow and then off to Frankfurt! I missed football sooooo much!  


80% of Customer Service Inquiries Go Unanswered on Social Media - SocialTimes  Jawaban benar: andy's funhouse,  15/361725 poin


Beer, pizza and  is a perfect  night in. D.S.


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


40 000 peoples bones later and the award for most interestingly decorated church goes to   Swifties, can you please retweet my last retweet! This girl needs help ;) Thank you  Taylor Swift


"There's gonna be snow falling from my butthole" -


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Glitch to get Under Stormwind [5.4] World of Warcraft [3]


Nemate to nekdo, vyzkousel bych "Emperor Chair 1510"  that so wrong? is it so wrong? cause u make me strong!  One Direction


At this rate we won't even make it into europa league


Photo: (via Jhonni Blaze Shoots with  After Dark Series)  better,  'Buried at Sea Stout' real nice but still prefer their 'Stormy Port Porter'


Finally!          most powerful electric motorcycle looks like the future  actually damn delighted when that unicorn is the first thing i see just now it just reminds me of yixing. :/


why you have to stay on your edge, dear  + come out of hiding + value what you do:  free wifi, hot room, limitless soda and comfy bench, makes want to stay forever.  


Ok  now you got me 2weeks into the past. Weird feeling approaching. Yes two ps :)


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  from  at  with 6000 people in Saal 1  last four years Constant spent on the project ... depicting images of how horrible it would be in New Babylon"  liked a  video  Doctor Who: How Doomsday Should Have Ended


 You did the wrong thing, to the right girl.


"Social Media: Finding the Balance Between a Waste of Time and Necessary Networking"  Sherlock turned into a comedy series from a crime drama during the 2 year break, but damn if I didn't laugh a lot.


5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Timberlake in Prague for the first time and the pre-sale just sucks, but after MJ there is something we should really see, I guess


Raskolnikoff's WTF Daily is out!  Stories via   


  Good morning everyone! May this be a good Monday morning for everyone, after the tragedies of this weekend.


Missu too ndah:') RT  Miss you yul:'D " Astapirulloh "


don't panic when they're gonna get naked? what a joke


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


  Can you let me know if you have some news about that, please?


Was out hiking 15.59 km with  See it here:  right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins.  bright like a diamonds ! Rihanna sempre ahasando .


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.25C, Marc 20.81C ac foris 2.81C vre esse.


Back in Prague but just for a while... And this is first of all haha Tony.. Thank God we took courage  schleep doe....(Pic)  RT"  lol dude m watching man united"  : Shung High School in Distract Shangla of Khyber Pukhtunkhwaha need immediate help. Plzz  do some thing


mSpy app lets people spy on calls, texts, track them, see battery level. Undetecteable.  orseh fetshare tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: horse feathers


2013 ends....a year of recognition, seperating fake from real, but mostly gaining again trust into people, at the...  Yep, channel was  (I didn't set this up), and there are 40 WiFi networks around me all using it most likely.


Watching these slavery movies make me have questions that's can never be answered. Most of them start with 'Why...'


People saying they'll boycott M&amp;S over this Muslim story, but not over their use of   forced unpaid labour  got: London Grammar
Fan: THE BIGGEST 
Fav song: Strong
Follow: duh
Follows you: I wish ( wink wink)
FAV for an artist


    Thank you! I'll be an Alec lover forever :3


Ask Sea World to release their Orcas and dolphins to ocean sanctuaries  Dear Louis, I wish you happy birthday and marry Christmas. Katka (Kate)


You might hit a few emotional speed bumps if you move too fast... More for Aries  bazaar festival 2013 (at Hilton Prague) [pic]   abi olmayacak bu lkede toplanp Kuzgun Tepesine gidelim artk    


On the bright side, whilst unearthing repressed horrid childhood musical tastes, I found my black keys cd that's been missing for two years!


 you're probably the first girl I know who likes Austin more than Zac :)


Traveling after 9 years.. 2mor family reunion :)   Flieger Bru  our competition on Facebook. nxphotography officialvanyvicious      oo naman finollow nila ako ihh.. Kaso yun iba kano.. Tapos may isang bandang nagfollow sakin..


 I just asked if your tried the app or not (and I don't even recall asking you). I am not in mood for arguing with you right now


 Jawaban benar: the winter's tale,  17/322450 poin


 [:2u ttgafrnebloeu rief] (1984) Larry Mullen Jr., p:u2 c:USA poin: 22


Reid Preparing to Move for Limits on Filibuster 


but i swear i wanna be at home, watching my precious shining koreans on comp ;;;;; instead imma work w not so precious koreans orz


The second operating system hiding in every mobile phone  youth based artists residency needs your support! Spread the word and win a Caribbean vacation!    his body was supposedly burnt and his face font look burnt


Attained 3rd place in this year's badminton tournament among Malaysian students here! This wooden (not  he calling his penis Harry? not terribly inventive. probably a not very interesting penis, then.


ahora viene i hate you don't leave la playlist me odia


I'm desperate because I lost my village in minecraft and I can't find it anywhere -_-


 of  in    &amp;   725. Got over my count for today though, so next one is bonus. Shorter one please? Can't concentrate that long.


 I have an oral exam in that next week. Apparently I'm terrible


 My crush from school. 
We were in 6th grade though, ceremony was served by one of my classmates and we "divorced" two years later


 Energy Insights releases Top 10 predictions for Worldwide  in 2014  Reads: The Future of a YouTube Legend, Internet-Free Camps and More  [iamgnk fo sho'tg oldr'w] (2002) Scarlett Johansson, p:cast c:USA poin: 23


 It is perfect because..... you know.... you are perfect :D 


All Songs Tonight were of New "Best Compilation In Rock by WebRockRadio III" Hope You Had Fun, Good Night &amp; RockOn !!  crazy!!! Night!           aw thank you, that means a lot to me ^^ hahah yeah, be happy, it's terrible.


Min 20, Mokwa smashes home from the spot, Besian go 1-0 up


   Blog post on App Store presentation, worth checking out:
 with the Amazon's drone home delivery.. will that work for flats too? :) Knock, knock on the window. Who's there? AMAZON! or..CIA


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  to Earn Money online using Twitter $100-$500 per day
  Wow! Can't wait for the new season. Everyone, thanks for everything you do...


I liked a  video  Nocturnal - The Dark Rituals (Official 2013 Aftermovie)


He's heating up. Not on fire yet  Da Traphouse aka Bandio      but not sure yet :-) hoping to get at least few real days off :-)


Apply Today: OOP PHP Software Developer - 3+ years of experince  in Brno, Czech Republic  


Making a pledge not to read any of the tempting, candy-like comics of this week before I havent finished the Dreadstar omnibus.


 what do you want to know ? How to create/share/make followers ? Its not rocket science its just social network :)


I pick up books like you pick up beers 
Then you have serious reading problem! 


Today stats: 10 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 8 people via  i'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour i'll be there for you like I've been there before i'll be there for you cause


18  Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


In memory of Jane Wyman who was born on January 5th, 1917 and died on September 10th, 2007.


In memory of Janet Munro who was born on September 28th, 1934 and died on December 6th, 1972.


I'm at Koskova (bus, tram) (Brno, Czech Republic)  the Year's Most Beautiful Ad About Booze, Rain and Death  will legit lay on they back for an hour scratching and pulling if you let em.


    Can I have a follow please? Love from Czech Republic! :) x


  Thx, this will help. seems that only the iphone app(latest update) is affected. 


Cigar Advisor Publishes London Travel Guide by Rocky Patel  McGoorty~ I have never liked working. To me a job is an invasion of privacy.


Dorazil STEELBOOK THE LAST STAND, tak si ho pojte prohldnout!  Octavio Tshelebi - +-=    


Let's do this!Let's make him happy! VOTE!  Ian Somerhalder    Adminon September 21, 2010in Featured, Inspiratio


Shady Characters  The secret life of punctuation  best Xmas present!!! Thank you my lovely friend!!       Hello Mr. Moses. Are you planning to visit Europe in the future again with your fellows? :-)


Will Smith: 'Every Young Man Needs an Uncle Phil'  ends are neat, tho the band one has stronger vibes


If United lose again like how they lost to Newcastle and Everton... Jinx


Had too much for lunch ... Waiting in the queue for the till is torture with a full tummy :/


  let's settle this you both post selfies i dare you no i double dare you


79   - Best show ever. RT to vote.
Castle  


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 32 others  wow. Even I'd be able to fix that quicker and I don't have the slightest idea


Photo: Too many are into the ideas of others and not them as actual people.     you look fantastic! I love your hair, those lights are awesome!


 hmmm that and apple fanboys. He got to attend convent garden opening in London.


New Year's Eve party was awesome! And yet I don't have hangover ;p 


Withings Aura uses light, sound, and science to help you sleep better           thank you! 


Do cold tho and my hair ain't dry yet but had to leave for this one meezing orz


             Music  that little head of mine is a gorgeous gigantic mythical cathedral.   Prague Castle  - project from 2012 dealing with the issue of child abuse - sorry to those english speeking  liked a  video  Roar - Katy Perry (COVER by Elyar Fox)


 Jawaban benar: accidents in space,  18/352031 poin


 being a bamf with  I love you so fucking much A


Seattle Jobs | Hotel &amp; Resort Jobs | Four Seasons Hotels &amp; Resorts...  Collyer~ A mans best friends are his ten fingers.


The Impossible Choice That Had Elon Musk On The Verge Of A Nervous Breakdown   Corey Baker &amp; Louie Fresco - Baked Fresh (Original Mix) PREVIEW  is officially over. Homeward bound tomorrow.  Malostransk Beseda  *giving a second's pause for Ludwig to reply and hearing nothing, he speaks again* Is there something you want, Ludwig? *oh, but -


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  someone jitao one shot three instavid. Two of them showcasing their cnn love. HOW GREASY. Unlike woo's insta. HAHAHA


What to do when your HDD is about to fail and there is no replacement? Time to clean-up old emails.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  for f(x) for Best Female Group  2013!   pes 


+1 RT  To everyone at Swiss Notes User Group meeting: have a great conference - and congrats with the 20 year anniversary



My Ol Head told me not all real Hip-Hop is found on the Radio. Sometimes you gotta dig. Like Diamonds or Gold. But the outcomes rewarding.


Please, there's just one more thing. One more thing. One more miracle, Sherlock, for me. 
Don't...be...dead.


Lb se mi video   Anti-Flag - Cities Burn &amp; Power To The Peaceful - Sziget 2012.


 Here's hoping you get one. And enjoy those holidays.


"These windows have remained (mostly) intact since 1248 - lasting through flooding, fires, the Frenc   206: 09.  pres. Darkboy - Damage (Original Mix) 


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 my guy...I am sick and I can't go to the store to get some meds


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Playing Black Water on my iPad. Love this game! Check it out!   se mi video   Flux Pavilion - Do Or Die feat. Childish Gambino [Official Video]


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 20.75C ac foris 3.56C vre esse.


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Tom Hiddleston Sweeps His Fans off Their Feet


"Bangladeshi garment workers, lowest paid in the world at $0.21/hour, torch 10-story factory at Gazipur   15 full ga Content Or Creating It: Which Drives More B2B Conversions?"   hurt our economy!  via  

(But I might add, "Don't depend on a minimum wage job and you won't be hurting!")


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


   ask him if hes surprised to see so many canadians in vegas despite IRS tax tape


 why would you spend that much on a headset tho


It always makes me sad when I receive my book from  without a bookmark. 


 hahah thanks. I wish I had at least one lol I'm a hopeless case ;)


EDI-Oracle Study: Humans Are Still Essential in   via   


Aim 3 or Aim 2?mmh tough choice, how about none of them


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Boombassbrothers - Dubwize Fever / Puff The Police (Minimix)


Hohooo!  mission start in 20 minutes!  


 The best things I've done for my  in a long time:   Trying to focus? Try this!


   what about those who are homeless because of not following those rules?


2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  bought a Nexus 5 two weeks ago. constantly switching between my Nexus 5 and a Lumia 1020 and 820


Was out running 6.30 km on Dec 13 with  See it here:  direction fan page* 
*post about eleanor and danielle* 

fuck logic...


I liked a  video  Brennan Heart - We Come And We Go [HQ Original]


   yeah me too. Although I'm often baffled how basic functionality is falling through cracks sometimes :)


At Work With a Professional Tennis Photographer   


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 11 others  All I want for christmas is follow from you. It's free to you and fulfill my dream!


Das Supertalent 2013! PARODIE-ANIMATION! Part 2! [16.11.2013]:  via  


This is my BELOVED JOB. I LOVE it here. Especially sitting in the bathroom. ;)


" So ur plan for future apa ?" - " I was thinking of having ayam goreng. "


  half a heart! I hear it on repeat everyday


noooooooooo it's still too early for Christmas songs on the radio 


  he'll be cheaper in his 30s, that's when you can get him


 Crisp? Are you %}&gt; mad? The city was iced over. Flipping freezing.


I voted for Castle/Beckett. Best Couple 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   hey zayn :) you have beautiful eyes! all my friends say this, too! :) xx


Currently struggling with  and SEO:  

Any help appreciated :)


Mte ji zajitn vstupenky na silvestrovskou megaparty v SaSaZu ?! // Did you book your place for New Years Eve...  dont know what we do best thats between me and you our little secret


Czech Christmas traditions! See more at PragueZones blog:  that's the theory and worked out today pretty well.Risky though.Do you mean dips as in big crashes or as in after dead car bounces?


Czech press survey - November 15: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman will not surrender so easily and ...  


 Jawaban benar: schweik's new adventures,  24/316939 poin


The Real McCoy.... They don't make them like that anymore 


12  The most incredible tvshow.

Castle   


this is officially the first christmas song this yr im hearing   


VSFS 2013!            stejne bych reagoval i na gay striptyz eshopu s oblecenim...


"Wireless networks exposed as electricity grid weakest link" -  boy, i love how my internet goes down whenever someone uses the phone!!! it's really great !!!


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Best Smooth Jazz (12th October 2013) with host Rod Lucas   ba yun sinasabing thrill at challenge?? Naninibago lang ako..


 thumbs nose at international opposition to advance $1.2 billion debt relief plan
   remember when the rock was on hannah montana  jo, hned pred Klausem a Hajkem  RT   A taky na Parlamentnch blitkch.


 [alyrch] (1968) Ruth White, p:experiment c:USA poin: 6


 eetrh vosle ahs naync tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: three loves has nancy


 eht msummy' rsohud tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the mummy's shroud


Your Selfie Could Appear in the Next Issue of 'Wired'  Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 hi


finally having what you Brits call custard (from M&amp;S). not w/ fish fingers tho. with mum's cake. yummy. sweeter than I expected.


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


2 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by   yea la!! But I can download online and play it on spotify, solved


Hope Karel Capek is good enough company for  ... What do you think?   this pic &lt;3 RT  How much can a Koala bear? ;)     affected by   matches donations made via dummy tourneys &amp;  transfers to [Typhoon Fund]  a child who spends so much time with me would think line green and dark purple match lol   


 [rlbetig &amp; nvla:isul hte eyvr slmdoe] (1998) David Holt, p:knighthood c:UK poin: 35


 xD lol thanks! It'd be great if I could understand a little more though - it all sounds the same xDDD


Loyalty schemes draw 84% of consumers    is 11/12/13, the last date of this century with three consecutive numbers.


We want chilling . We want fucking so you had to get the ass from somewhere else !


You're my Prince of peace and I will live my life for You 


K bezpenosti  asi takhle... RT   Euro NCAP 2013: Peugeot 308  Pt hvzd i pro druhou generaci   Yun yung pag summer na =)) summer vocation or pag Christmas naman Christmas vocation ;)


I just unfollowed people which I don't remember I've ever followed?


 I want the pussy money weed one &amp; the heartless one for the 20 ball. Wya ?


Handmade framed  Glass star bracelet   


  hurt them, because you really didn't, it'll mostly overflow in some nasty discussions...


My King and Queen: Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


 Just rest, you deserve to relax for a few days, you're working extremely hard! Are you feeling better? xx


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         284


Merry Christmas dear  {} Take me to your home please~


 [het tkriecc in seimt eqrusa] (1973) Mel Blanc, p:cricket c:USA poin: 27


6000 (sef nolplu..) | periodo is 6800 16uma tempo 08:15ut    bizim halkin huyudur birisi bisey atsin ortaya incelemeden hemen inanir


ACT NOW: Tell MEPs to crack down on  that help rob Africa of billions  That's a long interview!! My last and only job interview took only 1/2 hour (I got the job though)  Very helpful :-)


 how long was the flight and how is the weather?


Never wanna hear words like SHIPMENT, CARGO, DISCOUNT, MARGIN, PARCEL, SETS, VIALS, etc. etc. AGAIN. ENOUGH!!! ;)


My aunt is singing along to the christmas songs in the car aw qt


     ive got so mich game in this country. its stupid. i love it!!!!


to vendo the voice One Direction  Best Song Ever  Directioners  


Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.  just earned the 'Land of the Free' badge on   just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               36


how to organize a traveling conference. (lightning talk)   always overestimate my hunger waitse, making too much food and shit...go tshaba tlala mo!!


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


"Hey, come on, Dany, what's happened?" "Life." "You mean tv-shows?" .... "Yeah..."  


 Dude, I can't tell you how much I f*cking hate YouTube for this... They somehow force me to use the HTML 5 Player and not Flash...


 when I saw your page I thought you were her.. Hihihi


Prem here we come! I just guided FC Paloma  to 2nd place in The Champ  week on twitter: 2 new followers, 6 new unfollowers via  and my obsession with Oreo... bit this Philadelphia Oreo Cheesecake looks amazing!!!  cities they will play are far from me, and the tickets were really expensive i do not like paying everything and hotel


Fakt sem rad,ze to patecni faux pais s tim snehem byl jen  omyl...


abt to enjoy what's left of my pizza &amp; finally watch Elizabeth (the '98 film abt Betty I). no, I haven't seen it before.


 [ngekaspi ni dcoe] (2009) Philip Sherburne, p:technology c:USA poin: 16


Thinkin that to me it takes less to close 374883 new backflip tricks flying on silks and it's takin months to do again my vertical split. :(


...and how many RT's for our Queen of Style - Kat Graham?;)  - challenges of soil, water &amp; waste have topic of this week's international kick-off of    


   I cant even remember, when I turned on my TV for the last time. All about Twitch or Movies now


I've collected 13,920 gold coins!    


 [bdyo ihts] (2003) John Marsden, p:physiology c:UK poin: 9


Captain Iglo. Oder so. - mit  ( Hollywood Megaplex)  collected 13,542 gold coins!    


ShapeDo 3D model Repository lets you edit and share design for 3D printing  


San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers In Your Hair) by Scott McKenzie   Michaela: Eroze hran: Basnicka prvotina severoceske autorky obsahuje predevsim intimni a milostne...  that The Wanted guy having crush on Ellie is still better than Niall having crush on Ellie.


Will the Goldieblox ad make little girls dream of being engineers rather than princesses?   


" Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy."


 Surely! Im so happy youve written Logans story :) 


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   76


 life is amazing thank a to you, I love you so much 


My Top 3  Artists: Lost Years (22), CHVRCHES (12) &amp; Mitch Murder (11)   out walking 4.15 km with  See it here:  Difference Between UX and UI: Subtleties Explained in Cereal  thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I came that they may have life and have it abundantly.    Woow nice pic. Good morning and nice day 


Looking for a SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 Love too. His work in twd only brings me joy (: 
love love love 


 Thank you for follow!Would be very nice of you if you could check my little studio creating iPad apps for toddlers  :)


SO MANY FURFAGS OH GOD... "RT  We seem to have a few fursuiters here at   "


 Yaaay, you look so seriously - as some owner of a large company :)


 Kindle alert: Both ebook links go to "intenseworlds".


Know anyone for this job? SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


" I ignore other's text to read yours first...."


 you can try but I'm not sure if I would understand you at all ^^


4 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 3 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you  our  competition is still open ... check it out!   We'll never give up, we will never retreat, we will never surrender.The struggle songs carried us, now the usher him


Tonight we are making peach and guava island cocktails and practicing our bachata


I've collected 805 gold coins!    


 I want a follow :) a little, super, cute follow for christmas from my lovely idol .x


Getting ready for   This classic will certainly be played!    I've been measuring
Seems my time is growing thin
Wind me up and watch me spin...

Skin and bones don't...  Please, please come to the Czech Republic. You've got so much fans :))


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Let's play Cataclysm DDA 0.6 Hardcore - part 19 "Cakewalk"


12 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


HURTS - Prague " Blood, Tears &amp; Gold " , Incheba Arena 08-11-13  :  pes  My video ;-)  


best nutcracker ever.        at QPAD-Germany check it out, nice products!  Elvis
  seriously needs to stop taking pictures with their duckface faces.. u annoyed everyones


Lotus 18 No. 8 Michael May Monaco GP 1961  


 congrats on 1000x spam, now lets play League 


 why not? I've done this before i go to Croatia once a year like this or sometimes by plane but that's just an hour and a half so


And Ben is also reason why I have such high expectations in boys


Great review for  - 'an excellent idea, event and location (held in the miele gal...' -  Tips to Get the Best From Your Referral Program     me it's human nature she disagree with the logic. Confusing being monogamous with being robotic.


 I've been looking for stuff I have something in mind


 i should, i just don't like asking people to do things with me


Pote si ped Palladium pro crack, za 10 minut sem tam.


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


Have you heard Merry Christmas Mix 2013 by  on   Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


 lol i was thinking abt you when i was tweeting that :)


YES! Coffee &amp; apple strudel now well deserved after a proper 1.000 m swim! Lets see, if I can move tomorrow! HA HA


I am broadcasting live at  come and check it out!


Check out this awesome site: EasyHits4U -   


Chtel jsem sdilet nejakej song novyho alba  ale musel bych sdilet vsechno


i'm so dumb for not listening to hurts much before the gig now i'd sing along to most of the songs sighs


YES! Now I need to find Troop Beverly Hills online ASAP. RT  The movies we'd watch again and again:   What You're Not Supposed to Do -   in  via 


JUST SENT OUT A QUICK END-OF-THE-YEAR ANASTATOO EMAIL UPDATE.  Check it out, help us out &amp; come to see us!  
 


method by which to clear their depth from all evil.... When our soul is consecrated,


"We will either find a way, or make one." - Hannibal


Your moods may be a bit uncontrollable today, prompting you to... More for Gemini  should I make EG 2014 calendar that you can download and print then? :)


   Yep...but the color is missing on my picture! My big shortage!!! 3:)  government profits from student loans in 2013 surpassed $41 billion
 beautiful people everywhere in Hollywood and Beverly hills


Fossil fuels received support of 500 billions USD last year,while renewables 5 times less,announced conservative IEA today.


I feel better now for having Brian back in Family Guy. I'm going to miss Vinny though.


 Ahmet Hakan'n yant atarl olmu Asuman hanm;) Cnm in. yaa anlamn bilirmisiniz ?:))


 good for you! trying to watch Shindlers list in original lang... head will blow up soon :D


 ah, okay
I think my dad woukd almost kill me
If I would do that
Hahhaha


 what sexiness induced that nosebleed? (probably wont get it unless you watch anime or read manga)


Google Santa Tracker - Follow Santa on his journey around the world -  stats: 3 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed one person via  Just Announced: Ponte San Giovanni, Italy - Dec 14 at Lido Village  Youll find that life is worthwhile, if you just smile.      Grandma!!!! Don't ruin Leah's  day..... Leah you pick the dress that makes you feel pretty  


 [.dr dwaraybo] (1942) Eduardo Ciannelli, p:physician c:USA poin: 12


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Check out our latest report on  Build Tools--and start building tomorrow's apps yesterday!    


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 to your regular routine can be a real challenge tod... More for Taurus  Trend Generator: Generate trendy posters on the fly, share them or save them in print quality! iPad and ...  celebrate Christmas in Manchester - truly beautify.  Hi ! How are you ? jakv your health? :) Follow me please :)


Just got this limited  sticker. Get yours now   


What to Watch on Netflix Based on Your Thanksgiving Turkey  soooo damn tired and my feet are hurting.
I didn't know that waitressing is so hard work.
and, wby ?


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


Now that's what I call a Christmas tree        Praha | Prague  Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
 Yes, of course. Feel free to make whatever you want.


Kozz i cant live without u pretty lady Lili Fallacia :*  i will when i have moneys
i actually have like 3 bottles in my shower right now if you wanna use some


 Jawaban benar: a slice of lynch,  16/340645 poin


last episode of  was sooooooooooooo gooooooooooood. my heart is beating so fast. damn!


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.56C, Marc 21.5C ac foris 2.81C vre esse.


Znte Bodeho Merrila? Ne, tohle nen peklep :-D Miller = Lyba, Merril = Snowbitch     oh, that would make things a lot easier ... big time


  Great job :) karaoke is alway very popular at our meetups. Thank you for all your effort in this! Have a nice Xmas&amp;NY! /)


 not have that correct prize on the next station they have go out matter where is the station


 Christmas is coming, I have gifts for my family &amp; friends so I'm happy. :) But how are you? Feeling better? xx I missed you!


Responsible Travel to Burma News is out!  Stories via  


 Great, now the squirrel outside the window is tweeting.

*followed
Are you trapped in a Disney movie?


Report: Smart Thermostat Maker Nest Now Worth $2 Billion  show!!!  in    Rock Caf  bring me another tequila,I don't need a sober day just yet.I don't wanna try to get up,there's a dark cloud over my head.


Man I  this Shit.  to  beginning of  Dropping a  in Jan. My God  is 


"You need to learn to love yourself, because no one's gonna love you if you don't love yourself"


 midfielder Vojtch Kubista (20) signed a new contract with the club till 31. December 2016.  Cares?  government airstrike hits market in northern city of  killing at least 21 people  se mi video   TSYN x Musique Chic Summer Tape // By Klingande


 Man, TSM are gonna have signed posters, you gonna order?


 Ooooh. Well, yeah, because it wasn't advertised well sadly. I didn't knew about it before you mentioned it


 I'll look into that. Right now my PC is overloaded with rendering a 2160p Movie xD


WOW! Looking forward! Oculus Rift to support first 360 movie    


I've lost all my hopes that I will ever see my precious screwdriver. This is impossible. 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 881


 Jawaban benar: secrets of the moon landings,  28/336740 poin


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


My week on twitter: 74 Mentions, 49.9K Mention Reach, 294 Replies, 29 Retweets, 13.9K Retweet Reach. via  The cockroaches and I have, obviously,  dined at the same place:)


Until there are armies, there will be wars - criminal insanity, crimes against humanity. War is a lapse of reason, a failure of civility.


Speech by Irans Supreme Leader Raises Ire as Talks Resume 


 Jawaban benar: the mask of fu manchu,  21/323340 poin


 I bet it is painful! God some ppl are fucked up wanting that done. Yeah same here so imagine having that done!


When did  become Mean Girls?! RT  The NYC premiere of Catching Fire had the worst fashion of all   , OMG, Julianna is so CUTE!! Love waking up with your videos  &lt;3


talking to people can be so much fun sometimes  lorde


 Jojo :) ale muslim si ze by to bylo skoda kdyby spadly ... Prece derby je derby


Come on we got 1 team in this Black Ops 2 tournament!!!  SIGN UP ONLY $5!!!


We are not good at celebrating each other particularly those we envy,disagree with. PHD syndrome (Pull Him Down)  


 of Olbram Zoubek  opens today in    [hte tgnidmih veiom] (1998) Ritch Yarber, p:b-movie c:USA poin: 18


 [i loev teh s09': tpar uxed] (2005) James 'Buster' Douglas, p:1990s c:USA poin: 26


 Jawaban benar: muppet*vision 3-d,  17/19876 poin


Google play edition devices should be sold in more countries and they also need more advertisement... / 


 in  its antics, its power, and its expanding necessity in  -  looks like we got ourselves a little fucking man date.


I am thoroughly  at the moment. The BBC website is outstanding when it comes to news but it completely  I went to Walmart  the Crenshaw mall today and after 10 seconds of getting in there was a fight


New Brochure    F2800       true it was mr Martino ! It was a best half that teams can laugh at us !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


I liked a  video  The Only Man In The World Who Can Swim With A Polar Bear: Grizzly Man


I hope when it's Christmas or my birthday I won't be ill anymore :(


 [eht dlvei ta uyor fete] (2009) Sandy Wachs, p:rockabilly c:USA poin: 22


 Accurate representation of me reacting to my followers


I'm going to do a good thing. :3 I just need some giant papers. V*V


Jak na Novy rok, tak po cely rok. Prvni ponor letosniho roku. ( Socha pod vodou) [pic]:  cake, so delicious... So perfect for the hot drinks party


Photo: opaqueglitter: Autunno Caldo | Elinor Weedon By Kelly Klein For Vanity Fair Italia 30th October...    .           Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


coffee break on a busy sunday      Erdgeschoss Kaffeekultur  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 Hi, can you follow me and my friend  ? :) Thanks so much :) x3


 mystery &amp; irony of the characters! ;) Paollo Sorrentino  


I just came across Lebanon's most nationalist taxi.    day: the day after. Moving around like a  . Not bad.Walkin this way, I'll lift my ass just under my neck before US. 


21 Experts on Which 2014 Social Media Trends to Watch  via 


Pretty Girls can hoop too 
The love off my life 
Summer 2k13 
 est. 1995 
  Morning:) So,TODAY is the DAY:) PCA's! All my favorite actors on one place,I could't be more excited!!!


Pravious generations tried to free the spirit, we try to free the body. Its natural, you know.


 Wow. Would you say they were all caused by excessive alcohol consumption? Or would you expect  Young Gods ( Palc Akropolis -  for The Young Gods w/ 4 others)  harvested 982 of food!    


Trying to play Thrift Shop on the violin. Not making much progress.


Was out cycling 50.35 km with  See it here:  to natsu no owari shourai no yume ..Ooki na kibou wasurenai.. Juunen-go no hachigatsu mata deaeru no wo shinjite....MEENMAAA :'(((


Enough  I'm going the right way now. Interesting way to end my Friday


 thanks! We'll see if this one has any better luck than the first :)


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


Just completed a 6.21 km run with  Check it out!  


No jo, Williams je Master of the soundtracks!!  Star Wars je dobr film. S harrym je u to hor.  555 km
B3 Passat, long and wide,
You're the place I go to hide,
You give shelter from the  may be fascinated by the tiniest details of your life, but... More for Virgo  ten na tma PR. Vn dobr. * Stop Complaining about Your PR Firm. Heres How the Media Works  on startups  [het oceh] (1998) Max Harvey, p:apartment c:UK poin: 8


let's play Terraria HARDCORE/BLIND v1.2 - Angelo day/night 13:  prostednictvm 


Int'l Community will assist  after 2014 for 10 yrs &amp; that will be the decade of change for Afghanistan.   Hi, can you follow me and my friend  ? :) Thanks  6


Red's drummer. He told he is sick,but anyway it is was awesome show!  Loving Hut  from the pro-EU protest in Crimea. "Come to our side! We have plov!"  KURVE means CURVE in German and I was skiing when I forgot about it and I tried to think in German to learn it better


 Makes sense. How about "last updated" in the table at  Top 3  Artists: Vanessa (19), Noso-Roh Prophecy (10) &amp; Chiqito (6)   Is the 23-Year-Old Entrepreneur Who Just Turned Down $3 Billion From Facebook  I did it! Two days off....Hohohooo...Full of power again...Skiing season? Come in! For me, behind me :D :D  1st wordsprint with you, 706 words. No need for prompt, that was basically the premise of my scene already.


How to Build Small Lego Sports Car (No Comment):  prostednictvm 


awak jatuh saya sambut , awak nangis saya lap , awak sedih saya happykan , awak terluka saya ubat kan tapi awak curang samurai melayang


 xD it's less intriguing than how or why sherlock did it though ... I think ;)


07.06.2014 19:00 - 07.06.2014 23:00

Come to esk Budjovice to run the traditional half-marathon!
The esk...  just voted for Sam/Dean/Castiel   Retweet to vote  via 


 [ess'anzun ydari rfo nlhiscoa] (2005) Christina Applegate, p:diary c:USA poin: 28


i follow 69 people, 2 of you inspire me, 2 of you i love, 5 of you are great musicians and Tom Green :D


Nikon instant rebates extended till December 28th   


 He indeed is. But the fact he TKO'd seriously injured Tyson helps him to sell his story to boxing promoters all over Europe.


Im not a saint and yet a devil . Self portrait in Black and white .     to see so many engineers: Women 2.010 Female Founders to Watch Out of Israel  congrats  


" Niggas know this true  na cause if that can happen she not mine


This is fucking awesome RT  Just noticed BTTV added a local subonly mode, chat is a bit better that way :P


There's a point in your life that you need to leave people behind to move on.


 Good morning. Have a happy tuesday too. Thanks for voting :)


 yup just saw it! :3 It looks so good.. and everyone is talking about baking and cooking right now and I just want to do it too..


    10^9 All kinds of neuronal thresholds need to be traversed to get it published ;-)


Just read the phrase "Shame on these horny morons and their pitiful manifesto." - Is it just me or is Horny Morons a great name for a band?


But even if true stars and moon collide, I'll never want you back into my life.  [lmsifaei] (1990) Terence Harvey, p:australia c:UK poin: 8


Nope. November 19 RT " Isn't today a year from the release of Unapologetic!?"


Pre-Christmas Eve blog post: 

Czech Christmas tarditions and customs. Short reading to enjoy more the...  spoopywizardjamesmccrimmon: (Some of) The Cast of The Light at the End, showing off their Special...  compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  play Aurora 4x - part 124 - "One last for Isabella":  prostednictvm 


Ako ay isang simpleng lalaki na maginoo pero bastos..


it seems like once again you've had to greet me with goodbye


 [ybill shchidli si deda] (2005) Bruce Brand, p:painting c:UK poin: 22


Feels really good to skate almost like a normal person !!!  


 Please, follow me and my friend  we love you so much x16


 ['ndso pmlu] (2001) Branden R. Morgan, p:diner c:USA poin: 10


 nice for you... and they sell alcohol there? :)


Your social calendar can be quite demanding today because you ... More for Gemini  se mi video   Best of finnish rally crashes 2013 by JPeltsi


Do you want to know about the best legends of Prague? Come with us to the Castle tour at 2:30


Thank me later for this    
Chris Brown - X Files Mixtape Download
   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           682


Jacob Korn's DIY 808 clone
check the description for more details  I cannot believe a company like BMW cannot provide technical compliance info on car specs between US and Europe.


Why is this hiatus so long? I mean Christmas is over,now I need my weekly dose of TVD please! *cold turkey*


Please tweet me some pictures of ATL I don't have any on my iPod 


 when you are going to announce Muse tour dates 2014?


Happy Anniversary. Hahaha  Just the Way You Are by    really can balance anything on his head. - Imgur              layan anjing2 menyalak tuan. Tetap support 


I've collected 37,042 gold coins!    


Tuh kan mam gw bener salah uname twitter-_- jerseynya udah nyampe ya,maacih:) 


Use ASM for bytecode manipulation for a Java-like coding experience, as outlined by    via 


[today] Chill - Out In Der Shisha - Lounge (18:30)  


Kerry toured Moldova's massive wine cellar. Anyone else think he and PM  look like long-lost brothers?  Presentation at IEDM 2013 Will Report Phase-Change Memory Developments for Microcontroller Embedded Application U.S. Sec. Nuland on 2 hr convo w/ Yanukovych: "It was a tough conversation, but it was a realistic one"  On 4.3, Samsung has this knox boot loader which is more secure and they haven't been able to hack it yet.


   low light performance looks awesome!


   But the waiter's eye is hard for me to catch, some people are more meant for   [lddkc'rgio] (1997) Mark Ericson, p:police c:USA poin: 10


Good Hurtsy morning and have a nice all week  and as Adam said LIVE YOUR LIFE TO THE MAX  3:07 hi idk you personally or idk.. But you look nice


 me either. He been on for too long and don't even fuck with the state like that


I'm so sleepy.. I can't focus on anything and my head just keeps falling down TT


You may wonder if a certain partnership is worth the trouble t... More for Gemini   RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


Prejeme vsem priznivcum Forex Expert predevsim zdravi a uspesne obchody v roce 2014.


 Mipsters (Muslim hipsters) are in the house. 


Sir Edmund Percival Hillary: Lid ztratili pont o lidskch hodnotch.   


You just tryed hoeing me like 2 days ago for no reason 


Jesus... Raiffeisen Bank chiefs office raided in Austria  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 i know but i had 6 hrs to spare and i better use it to write but theyre gone so hopefully will have time tonight :-) only


 ((You know what else is attractive?
((Idk, I just really like it when people do really good cosplays.


Hey  almost an hour on the plane and still no pilots. Something you need to tell us?


Today stats: One follower, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  When Tendulkar made his debut, Virat Kohli was only 1 years old :O WHAAAAT!" Year*


EUR/USD touched a new figure level at 1.37 [15:37 GMT]    


awww. this makes it even lovelier. from the fan who got the birthday card:  have so much to be thankful for this year I am so humbled.


Zdjcie: roseila: peachista: whopsydaisy: d-aisypearl: daisy-duchess: fab rosy blog  d-aisypearl ...  I saw!! The fansite so gandong. OMG MY LAY PB AND KAY CALENDAR SO AWESOME FUUUUU


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


You can never quit.Winners never quit and quitters never win.


" Mum: Are you going to bed now? Me: YES, I'm going to bed! Me: Lies on my bed and raves to Flashlight"


Asfandyar Wali Khan alleges  portrays  as violent to the world, discourages foreign aid to   


 i mainly use adobe edge but in comparison to cs6 dreamweaver is much better!


Assisti a "The Carrie Diaries: I Heard A Rumor" s2ep7  


   And go! Try for 400 words! 15 minutes! Prompt = Into the Fire! 


  good job! it was so close... ;) fans are happy for good show u made ;)


Just arrived at the hotel an sat in the executive lounge having a well deserved drink and nibbles.  [kohlercs elhoms dan hte liaengd dlya] (1991) Nick Gray c:USA poin: 36


Our infamous scientist made it to "Top 10 retractions" by   Trchen: It sees you when you're sleeping, it knows when you're awake, it knows if you've been bad or good...  [hte rpat] (1917) Harry Gordon, p:reporter c:USA poin: 8


My coworker surprised me with this!          Please let us know you're ok!!!!!! We care for you! My BF lost his dad too when he was 18 and he could deal with it in the


I'm at Htel Costes -  (Paris, le-de-France) w/ 5 others  no to jsem moc rada! Pres dva tydny jim to trvalo.. Neuveritelny :p


harry is an angel &amp;i love him so much, i need to thank him for everything.like all of them keep me going,but harry is the special one for me


  on a bit more realistic note,have u made a pic for Shane's coming home video?Really hope mine would be in it!


Oh holy night! The something something something. It is the night with Christmas trees and pie.  


17 days left to new year ... Let have fun &amp; problems and start from bottom 2nd January :))


 [owesh efli si it naya?wy] (1981) Alston Ahern, p:sculptor c:USA poin: 24


Not even gonna lie, that band is getting me crunk!


 zayn is SO into these world records ahaha
well that's why he's liam's boyfriend


 What a buffoon. There are too many bad drivers out there on the roads :&lt;


is this the same team that beat  on New Year's day


 feel free to lean over and slap one of these nuggets right across their frosty ears....


I just liked "Happy Holidays From The Foundry" on Vimeo:  Databases Power Marvel Universe's social network - Neo Technology  


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 ksa


3 Potential Threats This Tech Giant Is Facing  $AAPL $AMZN $FB $GOOG


 bc this is life D: okay time to rewatch ytd's growl !


" RT   (  football on ice hh  


Join me at  Sydney for a deep dive into the development &amp; integration choices for building your website with 


everybody's talking 'bout ministers, sinisters, banisters and canisters, bishops and fishops, rabbies n pop eyes, bye bye, bye byes 


13  Pls RT to vote for Caskett.

Castle/Beckett    


 selfie rulez :) RT  Darth Vader a jeho parta maj oficiln et na   


I just connected my   account with Yammer!  mana nih banci sarukkk si liaaaa RT  I can't wait to begenggesan ama gengges    


 [hte odm audqs] (1968) Amparo Pilar, p:police c:USA poin: 13


Good morning from Vaclav Havel Airport Prague (at Letit Praha Ruzyn | Prague Ruzyn Airport (PRG)) [pic]   RT  For when 4K just isnt enough, Sharp unveils 85-inch 8K 3D TV  it's not an actual competition entry, just a part of the CAE exam. This one was 'Heroes and heroines at work'.


 aw happy new year bb!! The possibility of going to korea&amp;meeting you gets me through all hardships.may 2014 be great for you! &lt;3


Xmass classic music in shopping center ... Metal became from it ... ( Liberec Plaza) [pic]:  people followed me // automatically checked by  06 Jan 2014, let us all send Rinko Kikuchi the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (33)


Concussions Linked to Alzheimer's Risk in Study Brain -  takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, youll do things differently.Warren Buffett


1am and it is raining.
Nothing is in TV and I'm alone at home. I have no idea what I can do. Hate it.


  Its amazing. I wish I could photograph some UK wedding! :-)) You site is very stylish!


 In the deepest, calmest hours of the night, when you have naught but your own company, I hope my image fills you with bliss


I've collected 20,518 gold coins!    


 But next time you may try different approach then just telling me you dont care. :)


  Mobilni appka nebude fungovat min. do 19hod. Overeno na info lince.


13:36 OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/PL-080 (Splen hora, 513m, 2pt) 10.118 cw: agn. wrong REF. from cluster ... [DF5WA]


Access Hollywood vai ser foda, esperando ansiosamente


  tonite concert plus 10 shots of jagermeister only 300k!!    


Australian painter Ken Done, Sunday (1982).
  Always. And thank you too. Have a nice tuesday :)


Interessant! Verlage sollten ihre eBook Policy berdenken: "Young adult readers 'prefer printed to ebooks'"  had a Debate /FATA Ex-MNAs&amp;Analyst were of the view, PPP Govt was better than NS for FATA as the latter rules from and for Lahore.


That man Trinidad James really got robbed to the draws lol


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  The girl who sang this song. The one who screamed, because she is an awful singer! :D


Dangerous Code: How to be Unsafe with  Classes &amp; Objects in Memory  via 


 best christmas present u received as child???   13


Sorry for no new pics last time! Please lay down and tell me what happend!    famous prague clock           infographic takes a look at what happens in our brains when we lie -- and how it shows in our a   It has nothing to do with being anonymous, i.e. not recognized.


 had 200+ attendees in 2013 (twice 2010s and 4 times 2005s)
Will you join?
CfP   just called my wife at 9:30am. She answered the phone in a rather tired sounding voice: "What have you won now?"


  Equip you forfeit that map it is suppose to be off in a tournament


 I want a man that loves me as I am, but somehow still inspires me to be a better person. Exactly.


gmana yah? umm gak :p " Met ultah eah qaqa:3 wishnya sudah dibbm, traktiran:p 


Good morning world. I need coffee and warm shoes. I got the warm shoes down.


In light of recent events I want   and  to give us the  album we've been waiting on for so Got Damn Long


Iyuhh deh ah :p RT  jumat menyambut weekend yess libur liburrrr :D


Football is just a game, don't care it's lose or win


 them fools can climb walls, some species just jump high as hell, and in forrest they tend to build their nets at face level :)


Ordinary Saturday morning in Prague with kid joy.  Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


To m poser, McIntosh dl i gramofony :D RT  McIntosh MT5 turntable 6500 dollars   and most   are held at the    and   Have you been there ?


 [iq ehngs uaqn gnwa] (1974) Chi Chu Chin, p:fighting c:Hong Kong poin: 18


Good job Dictator, went out for late movie night and forgot to study


I've collected 64,030 gold coins!    


The only time it is ever exciting to be up this early is to go on holiday...... I'm not going on holiday 


34  RT to vote for our favorite couple.

Castle/Beckett   


  mawalang galang na huh... ask lang pipo... c mewatch b yang kausap mu?


Pijdou taky 31.12 ;-) // They will be there too on 31/12 ;-)

 VSTUPENKY/ TICKETS  NEW YEAR'S EVE 2014 ! at...  [ige ba ab ed nix] (1995) Brady Kimball, p:fight c:Hong Kong poin: 16


Flying home for Christmas :) (Checked in at Prague International Airport)  memory of Robert Altman who was born on February 20th, 1925 and died on November 20th, 2006.


  You ruined this image of yours with the cream thing yesterday :P


 x  &amp;  live   club in   factory    jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


Data will not help you if you can't see it when you need it:-)


BLOG NEWS: How to survive the winter cold with December activities?

Check our new post and get some inspiration...  luke I can't see your tweets anymore why sob were following each other


 accdllia rodcesr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cadillac records


Wide living rooms in the US and an invert room layout in European flats makes a common intelligent energy management challenging 


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


      Ross, I wish you... many fans:)... but YOU HAVE many fans! In Poland!


 lssaewl vylael tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: lawless valley


Budweiser unveils Twitter-powered knitting machine - Brand Republic News  Redzepi Head Chef Restaurant noma The World 's Best Restaurant says  the fuck is ppl talking about? zayn in a beard is fucking hot wow


Great review for  - 'Christmas twist on the quail starter is delicious! It\'s my ...' -  CZ competition with the help of an app we developed. Shake it, shoot it, like it!;)   up far too early because I don't have your body next to mine...     D.S.


Omg so sleepy....three days in a row i couldn't sleep properly and i know i won't sleep much tonite and tomorrow's fren's bday party x.x


I said I'm over you. But everytime my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you.


Realize what's real and what's not. Who's worth the effort and who's not.


After a really beautiful concert in a castle last night, we're heading to Leipzig today to play in the same...  I have some recent "essays" on my blog that may be of interest .. I could expand on that perhaps  posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "ARTL Introduces Two New Motifs: Dog Collection and Horse"  eht ghegttus arboda tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the huggetts abroad


 *lazily flops on you and noms your ear* Is it loud enough? :3


 Jawaban benar: after innocence,  15/330149 poin


Happy 21'st Birthday Jade Thrilwall! Enjoy your day and so as your big dreams come true!  


23  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 WOW your spelling shows you went to Prague High Scool


wen u buffering your video and the progress bar catches up with the buffering bar.. 


 sorry for the weather. but i guess u are used to it from UK:)


Hey .. everybody wish u great day ..  and if u have some time pls
Check my newest instrumental 
 for listening ..


 [snidie '.rd o'n] (2000) Monty Norman, p:making-of c:USA poin: 15


 please my man , my mom doesn't even know you ;) haha faggot 


 please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 25


 I feel excluded, is there a way for me to be let in?


Paul Walker's death shadows the loss of the entire Fast&amp;Furious team and all of the supporters. I can't believe it happened 


  thanks! Yeah, she's gorgeous. Have a great day!


I'm so happy you're enjoying my country  It so sad I can't be there, I would be so happy to meet you, but have fun!welcome!


The Best DIY and Decor Place For You: Cinnamon Candle Decoration  another amazing    camera shot. light source: desk lamp and TV.    [ym oetm,rh het pys] (2000) Rick Tae, p:spy c:USA poin: 18


 Script about online fighters and with a woman? Cool 8-)


I entered the  and  giveaway to win  mousemat!   you can tap pretty much anywhere to turn the page, youll get used to it. Could be lighter though, true.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Your ethos is no longer relevant. Internet is not NY Times. Names and web photos are inseparable. Anonymity matters 4 critics


I'm at Fitness Centrum Benatky (Benatky Nad Jizerou, Czech Rep.)  who are you supporting? Arsenal or Chelsea? ... In my case Chelsea, hehe!


Congrats to the boys over at Aquanis on there State Title Win earlier today!  


14  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


Gun do not kill people. Bullets do, ban them! People aren't the problem at all!  


A good book contains more real wealth than a good bank.


 Both possible solutions look ok, catch me on irc   if you want to talk more. Thanks


Danny the chaos maker! won't lie. I don't miss Confidential just by itself, I miss seeing this guy too. ;)


I'm listening to Stars Align by Lindsey Stirling on Pandora  


2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  DIY Christmas gift!        2013/2014: Fiery Mitchell Johnson means we will have a proper contest: Mitchell Johnson may just have sa...   &gt; Writers Guild Noms Include 'Orange Is the New Black,' 'House of Cards'  will be exciting, Albums from        are coming! Big


 why the blog post about ccie r&amp;s v5 has been removed ?


  hahaha this is as good as Wenger's bald eagles :D


It was an amazing episode!!!  I had so much fun with this episode!


{ face it }              I had interesting day - move my friend to me and then resolving the incident with washing machine ;)


looks like im the one yg tak tidur lg.. surely will be fckin sleepy tmrw. dear eyes pleaseee


New font of the week: SomaSlab. SomaSlab comes in both Regular &amp; Slanted styles, each in 4 practical weights,...  Pusha T feat Pharell - S.N.I.T.C.H. i am in a nigga mode don't kill my vibe


DealBook: $13 Billion Settlement With JPMorgan Is Announced 


LOUVRE ABU DHABI by Jean Nouvel to open in the 2nd of December 2015  I could be with my friends and family during this time. So please, have fun for me too. Merry Christmas everyone!!


  Good Luck! We hope to see you here next Fall!


Off to the match today with the family &amp; friends in typically fine Manchester monsoon style weather.....


Introducing the Jot Script Evernote Edition Stylus by Adonit  I were AP I would ask for a way out of Minnesota.. He deserves a better situation. 


Asthma holiday tips:     


Catching up on  Did you watch it?   to a pool in a few minutes. Hope noone's gonna ask for swimsuit photos.


"Always pay it forward and create value for others." by  founder of 


 oh well that's nice, why not xD where was it? :D Luckily I found mine it was on the floor where I put it when I finished writing


From Top of the League to out of Champions League place within 3 days....


  (i know tho i'm part time model i wanted to make her feel better so she posts a selfie )  lorde


Rohit need 10 overs to set and then he might fire. I think he will b fired if he won't hit this time


 Ive heard what you have been talking smack which is not good &gt;_&lt; apoligize? Or else the account shall be jacked right now.


I am on the way to Prague. Tonight Trance Department with    My last gig this year before holiday!


  love this sweater! You're so gorgeous in blue! And that smile...I could looking at you all day long:) Love you Reba!


  she'll "survive" :) main is that op will be successful and goes well


  true, just like I have to know every single FUCKING thing about christianity and being a ''good croat'' fuck em all


Your masquerade - I don't wanna be a part of your parade.          Family of the Year - Hero  must I have a 5 question repead in history today ?


the best second of the whole 8th Doctor TV pilot.   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         324


 You put MY best friend through heck and now it's your turn! I hope you get a taste of your own medicine!!


Kostas Mitroglou would be an oustanding player for  He is absolute beast.


Infinite jetpack essentially, planets explored within few mins.


being in pain makes me emotional and vulnerable. i hate it. it sucks. 
being in pain due to fever is really the worst. (;__;)


 well skips laugh was really funny he laughed really like a witch :D 

But yours was the cutest and still the funniest.


We have only one week left until the "GRN Career Sweepstakes" has its winner! Take a minute, register and win a...  Of course I didn't - you told me enough about your ex and jakuzzi and 2 girls in bed...or I don't know what else 8-)


Zakladatel zanky BuzziSpace, Alain Gilles a Steve Symons, se rozhodli oblknout flotilu svch firemnch MINI do...  :) Google puts an offline Moto Maker in the pages of Wired  with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


  3x17 fetal position ... "Yes...I love Canadians..."  [isveba nad but-daeht] (1993) Mike Judge, p:mtv c:USA poin: 20


Have you heard The Verge Book Club 010 - 'The Circle' by The Verge Book Club on   got 535788 points while escaping from a Giant Demon Monkey. Beat that!   person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  that's good I'll take care of the car so that no one will steal it or .. any transportating thing we'll come there with xD


I just ordered a meal for my best friend in England. Gotta love the interwebz  


 Jawaban benar: the making of 'lord of illusions',  33/319072 poin


Denim Heads: Music Friday 6.12.2013 - Girls Against Boys  K 1600 GTL Exclusive 2014, 160 hp, 175Nm, 29.100 Euro (incl. VAT) in Germany, Pics:  like to come up with a witty note to self regarding  (&amp;&amp; || ||)  but it seems that everything has been said already


Lb se mi video   Time to Wake up Google Earth secrets


 Yep, that's what I use on WIndows exclusively for a few years now.


All is ready for save the world party - in support of  and typhoon  - in    well, I've been really unlucky many times already so it's not unlikely to happen


Cool, bookmarked! RT  Parsing urls using JS by   60 squats - to see my classmates suffer 'cause of the school stairs is fun! :DD


 I think his eyes are too big in my drawing... :/  look back in anger
or forward in fear.
But around in awareness."





 I've reread 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Shades Darker with  and  in mind. Perfect Cast.


  imimi muri ma tsaga. u dn have to be ther to knw, u js have to picture your life without your fam une mari


I find it so hard to tell people my problems ...oh dear


Landscape photography PRAGUE towers  HDR photography  by MagicSky  via 


ugh i need to change the bandage on my finger but it hurts when i touch it and i'm so grossed out by it i cannot look at it :'x


Trying to create simple .NET 4.5 app - is there a single reason there is no StorageFile/StorageFolder API in there?


 Jawaban benar: duel scene from macbeth,  23/320360 poin


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sgzw


OPCW misses Syria deadline as  refuses to host chem weapons destruction
  press survey - December 16: Prague - It seems evident from the beginning that the Christian Democr...  


 maybe if the world was flat we would understand


I favorited a  video  Van Canto - Wishmaster (Official)


Omg ew such a shitty update from android noooooo go away &gt;&lt;


Bottles, vine, documents ... So i think everything for a good evening :P    my friend it's rough :( ...have you graduated already?


How the fuck do you spend 10 million in 3 years; 100k a month on hair +make up and 10,000 a week for dinner lmao


"This is my neighbor. His house is the neighborhood eyesore and this morning he put out his dead dog  proud i can announce i will be still part of the  familly i am joining Specialized Racing team


Enjoy it. You will love it.  tours in  with 


 hindi ikaw yan huwag kang maginaso dyan babaeng may lawit.. :D hahahha


Happy Birthday to the very sweet warm lovely handsome  ! Have a very beautiful day and joy and smiling all your way!


Today stats: 5 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 5 people via  Young People Are Driving Less - Motor Trend:  


 Nikon Coolpix S2700 Digitalkamera (16 Megapixel, 6-fach opt.  6,7 cm (2,7 Zoll) TFT-Display)...  Jawaban benar: inside marilyn chambers,  23/324407 poin


I wanna sound like a Gospel preacher when i shout TGIF


I just voted for Bruno Mars   Retweet to vote  via 


 Jawaban benar: best worst movie,  16/318089 poin


Time to go to Prague. New collection is closer and closer.       should be colonized or used as transport to planets, Russian scientists say
 Essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


 Jawaban benar: truth or consequences,  21/340629 poin


CzTorrent:
Utok se opakoval. Resime co s tim. Riaa mpaa a pod za tim nestoji a sikmooky sami o sobe take.


Vintage Czech Brooch Edwardian Gold Tombak and by prettyinprague  via 


"  LmAooo son that's the best song ever" yea top 5 at least


Again before arogant daddy ... ( Denso Manufacturing Czech)  posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "ter: PIP STUDIO, a -43%"  Office Manager with Russian, Czech and English  


one person followed me // automatically checked by  and AT&amp;T went head-to-head on Twitter over a customer   |via 


 And mine from shop so what :-p  Are you going to bed? 8-)


 Hey, your Tweebas missed you! Hope you have a great day! Much love from Prague! And congrats to  !!!


 ... when u replie them on the road &gt; i am the personal security guard of my grandfathers oga-kingdom


Top 10 Kentico Websites for November 2013: Kentico receives over 150+ new referenced websites pe...   


   I JUST WANT NEALFIRE TO BE SAVE and far away from all this shit if it's really happening :&lt;


Actually not bye i feel the need to complain about feeling sick and how i should've probably eaten more today hi twitter


 Sometimes, I feel like I annoy the shit out of you.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Very well indeed, especially money-wise :) Can't wait to meet ya two in person again :) And how are you?


Surreal photography Balloon black and white by MagicSky  via 


She has the most beautiful of smile..STOP..just wanna hold ya


Paul Walker Tribute from Prague CZ by RealD:  pes 


Stop by at our booth 39-41 at the  2013. Get the latest steel facts from our colleagues! For more information:  Jawaban benar: the brighter day,  16/325764 poin


Was hat sterreich gehrt?  Top 100 tracks from 2013 - Austria by Spotify  


 Jawaban benar: the curse of the werewolf,  25/374943 poin


UN envoy 'shocked' by UK's 'unacceptable' persecution of The Guardian over Snowden leaks
  79,99 * 20 is correct price - in czech crowns. If possible use this way and everything will be ok


I just can't wait to try this...  Baked avocado bites  have completed the quest 'Weed out 5 bushes and p...' in the  game The Tribez.   


if you have my number but don't text or call me.... delete it.. cause when i get major cake .. you wont get no kinda slice


 thanks man. And how's that going? Did jou get accepted to Michigan?


 It's on the list already, but there are things with higher priority at this moment.


Deadly warning? Blast hits Kabul ahead of key talks on US-Afghan security pact
  Pls RT to vote for Caskett.

Castle/Beckett    


Those treasures found on the inside.   Oddly Specific Things You Can't Bring to the Sochi Olympic Games  Energetic materials was found in the lungs and defined as carbon nano tubes or CT. Both Anthrax letters and Nano aluminum nano (1/3)


 Not the his nationality, rather where he's playing right now.


Hi. My name is Abraham Nakadi. Hello brother.  Hi, pro &lt;3  photo! - P. RT  Dan Reed Network at Roseland. Crowd knows all the lyrics.  at At home (Roudnice nad Labem, Czech Republic)  shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


Sedet v sale behem prestavky se nevyplaci, stale musim poustet Shazam. 


 I hope not! Maybe they are just trying to bring it back! lol


 Jawaban benar: if i forget you,  15/325621 poin


Photoset: yixing and baekhyun happily giving each other a taste of water  people followed me // automatically checked by  like how my aunt says I'm childish for watching Spongebob, yet she's watching Tinkerbell on Disney channel right now.


 I have seen simmilar in Louisana, Copenhagen.


She worth the trouble y'all.. 
J.  Valentine jamming. 
Can't go wrong with sunday slow jamz and deep thought!


Today I heard this news...Justin Bieber ends with singing career.  Such a funny man.   Great joke.  Cry fans. !!!!! 


I hv seen so many thingz the is nothing my eyes will see and shade blood


Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and 1 unfollower via  Ya tak soskuchilas' ili ya schozhu s uma I chto-to izmenilos' ???  forgot to say
"CAN U NOTTTT"  HAHAHAHAHHA. Yeah yalla next time  jdlo!             it was already somewhere around it and now he just killed it completely.. why does guys like this exist why


pomhat a hrti: "This is Prague, baby!"  via  


The 17th Middle East Iron and Steel Conference will take place from 09.-11. December 2013. For detailed information:  awh that sucks :(( I hate it when stuff like this happens and I don't remember some of my most favorite moments from a concert


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 6 others  Na mistulang may garbage bag pa dahil sa sobrang itim.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


 Just Announced: Utrecht, Netherlands - Feb 15 at A State Of Trance 650 - New Horizons  hahah okay I will, later today, now I gotta go sleep. Merry Christmas to you too xx


I liked a  video from   Let's Play Train Simulator 2013  Mit der Taurus durch


 Mam koupeno a pripraveno. Jde to hrat online na X360 v koopu? Jo ty to vlastne nemas!


Thanks for following     (via  won the first Star in my MINI Cooper S RYF in   Download FREE!  Herre - MTV Unplugged Live - KAHEDI Radio Show:  via 


 we are in you.  And the walk round Wenceslas Square tells me - it's pretty chilly


Assisti a "How I Met Your Mother: Bass Player Wanted" s9ep13  


i hate talking on the phone while im high i don't say shit


2 mins more for the muscles test to start.


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


fuck how is it midnight? but it is. have to do some food shopping tomorrow. better get some beauty sleep now. nite all.


Im upset that    and  weren't at my going away party 


I wish I still had a Georgia shirt.   


 may pang 5s ka pa naman eh. Laglag pa. Miss you bhea! 


So... I made a video. Please don't laugh, it's for a competiton. :D
 clara woman is a bit irritating is there no other female mc. and i just googled if its the right clara, SAME BIRTHDAY AS JUN. K EW PLS


posted this earlier today but am still fascinated by it. so have to repost:  plane crash investigators probe fake pilot licenses
 don't want people to leave twitter because i'd probably never speak to them again and that's weird


Arsenal 1 Everton 1: Late drama as Deulofeu cancels out Ozil's opener  via 


Ada customer bengong tanya aku apa beza winston light baru dgn lama. Ingat aku tau?


JacksGap: My buddy willdarbyshire just made his first youtube video. Its bloody brilliant. Go make him feel welcome  to Stop Google+ from Taking Over All of Your Google Apps  Maybe, you've already told me a lot though I'm a complete stranger xD


 Well I do.. kind of. Still not a big fan, though. I've created a profile to spread a word about my photography


Most traumatic experience of my life in techi today


Scientist  just got 1152 cores and 9TB of RAM for computing  


Tang ina talagang ang bobo nun.. Nagmamagaling sa calculations tapos mali naman..


  Journalist, Sound technician: Rpublique Tchque - If you would like to ...   


so wonderful " " NICHKHUN Lotte PostCard FM    - is any further information regarding to  available?


 Your cinematography skill, editing style, progressive narrative consideration &amp; management of AI is painfully depressing at best.


Effective Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
 3pts would be a dream today.. Point a very good result.


 urh:s cerag uerdn epserusr utro 1489 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rush: grace under pressure tour 1984


24  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


Czech friends: today's Google doodle honors Helena Zmatlkov on her 90th birthday.


  hopefully this will make you help me out with some graphics from time to time!
I heard you're quite talented ;)


The Nowherians wish you a Merry Christmas. With a present out of NOWHERE:     just said exactly the same although I think it'll be 3-3


 nice... congratulate :) i was locked max 2 weeks with several hours break (visit doctor) 


 That's a bit high IMO. Check this.  Anything in the blue ring is good enough. Red ones are extreme.


A night at the opera - new  journal entry  waiting 21 January. Welcome back to Indonesia dear. Long time no see 


 Yes, but it is only the preconference, isn't it? Will be whole conference streamed on this website?


 Jawaban benar: the opera lover,  15/324108 poin


 Perrie what do you think about my new iPhone Case?  i love it       - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  the first US trailer for 'The Wind Rises,' Miyazaki's final film | The Verge &gt;&gt;  je na party po nekolika panacich resit vztahy   


 ['cyismek neletpah] (1936) Pinto Colvig, p:elephant c:USA poin: 17


party;;) RT  Seafood bareng para jamettt   


Am I the only one who find that guy in suit at Sherlock's body cute?


    what would they like to get for christmas?????,?


I've collected 7,957 gold coins!    


Job Opportunity:? Media Planner in Prague, Czech Republic  


God Jul! Hope all our friends, teammates and fans around Europe have a great day! 


 &amp;  you are both the embodiment of Galatians 1:24I pray your journey into marriage is blessed a 1000 times over!


" DGNA debuted in 2010 and are sunbae to many people but they still get 2 minutes for the fckn comeback stage......smh" :c


I just voted for Sharknado   Retweet to vote  via 


Google Beatbox - Beatbox with the Help of Google Translate  You God for allowing me to see another day  


 Merry Christmas to all my IG and Twitter friends!   HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!  I hope to see you in the Czech Republic this year. x How are you celebrating?


 Dwyane Wade Gabriell Union engagement ring worth $350,000!  pedstavilo malou 17cm GeForce GTX 760 a mini-ITX desku Z87I Gaming AC  In Minsk: Belarusians Who Knew Lee Harvey Oswald Tell Their Stories  via 


Photo: When I dare to be powerful  to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less...  to spend a perfect sunday: Eating 3 pizzas - drinking 20 red bull - watching tons of  interviews! xD


 your attention? Like.. let's say you're at the mall and you go into some shop and some tshirt catches your attention. How would


Create and import query suggestions in SharePoint 2013  make my bday perfect I'd really just like to get birthday wishes by    and  now &lt;3


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 21.19C ac foris -2.19C vre esse.


If I were in FAM, I'd definitely see Guus Hiddink for consultation. He is the master. Remember how he did when he was with PSV Eindhoven?


I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand. (Chinese proverb)


Perverts...! RT  Ah, high quality British porn  Delta Integrale No. 3 International Swedish Rally 1989  


 Jawaban benar: the 30th annual tony awards,  27/346963 poin


Portuguese Announcer During Ronaldo Goals Is Pure World Cup Joy  yeah... cannot wait for new ctr ;) but wear not nylon and caps ;)


        Staromestske namesti, Prague  ( Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square w/ 12 others)  am broadcasting live at  come and check it out!


PTI, JI, JUIF, PMLN and other right wingers have given courage to militants to target anyone and any place .  


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:58, noon 12:00,  16:03 CET (UTC+1), December 21 | daylength 8h 4m


 ahhhh okay! Then meet after my work lor I can alight at cityhall if needed!


 Happy birthday ,babee. Czech and Slovakia love you^^ now you are 22!   ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


I've collected 21,182 gold coins!    


I've watched "Dead Man's Switch" (S1 E20) of Elementary (via 


 It's gonna be amazing for me to see you perform live for the first time!! Love "In the end" the most, can't wait to hear it! Xxx


i don't really know what to do after Walking Dead episode.. I feel like someone's just set fire to my house


Great review for  - 'Amazing - Michal is my new favorite waiter ever! :-) Highly ...' -  birth of my new son put in test all my hardly gained habits of e.g. regular exercises. They are all gone! :-) 


Happy Anniversary dearr. Love you so much.        
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         188


  ... I'm not sure I can stand it much longer ... Oh the temptation xD


 tapping domestic,  &amp;  interest in captive  MT    Q&amp;A w/  


Lewis Collins: the everyman hero for teenage dinosaurs: The Sunday Telegraph God has called Lewis Collins up t...  Jawaban benar: undercover history,  18/346213 poin


  thank you! Hopefully we can meet in Dallas! Yes! That would be awesome!


Andreas Gabalier - I sing a Liad fr di 2012  via 


New blog post! How are the streets in Prague paved?   would be great if zach would get off of work so he could see that message 


 really?? i just noticed when she put up a video that she moved to LA...


I'm at RadaGs House -  (Koany, Czech Republic)  to be fair, the results are not extremely tragic but the games are usually absolutely unwatchable


You're online and I can't get you to talk to me for two seconds


"strange, weird, awkward... but in a nice way" - Und ich grinse nur :D


Fall TV Obsession Tournament: Vote in the FinalsThe Vampire Diaries vs. The Originals!   FTW


    Nice to hear you're feeling better. Take care Michael!


im feeling v depressed bc christmas is over and im goign to work ugh:/


. makes it super easy to share interesting links and pictures. Try it at  is such a great article but its not new news! Let's hope America wakes up and actually takes note! There is...  shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Today stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  really? aww No :( I expected smt like hullabaloo extra :(


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


13   Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


Na casa da prima *-*            posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Shamballa Jewels"  you are interested in joining the Interface Culture master program, you can now register for the first round of entrance interviews takin


Protective magic, Amulets and Gems .. I love this stuff  ta hra za moc nestoj. :( worms 2:armagedon jsou lepsi..


I liked a  video  Razor Tales Episode 1 -- The Barber Shop Club


I added a video to a  playlist  Hrej.cz Vidcast  Hern enginy


ctron164: dulect: if i have to sum up 2013 for me it would be Same  [eht cunot fo resoctm-inot] (1975) Angelo Infanti, p:revenge c:UK poin: 25


LevPraha-BarysAstana, the  Czech &amp; Kazakh teams starts now. My preview:  Live commentary:  ini yaa hahah RT  ituu tetooy kecil "  Oke, aku sadar. Gak boleh gitu. Rusia cuman punya Cina, dan Romania punya Bulgaria! //makin


They say I am wasting time.. Summer of my life-not doing what I should


FLECKENSTEIN: Everyone Betting On Bitcoin Will Lose All Of Their Money  once my phone is back in order you'll get a snapchat everyday so help me


 [eth lecapa fo serelapu] (1926) Betty Compson, p:lover c:USA poin: 22


I've been invited to Anti-Valentine party on 14.02.2014....and something tells me I'm going :))


  not anymore. Now he's using the last part of the game over theme from the sonic games.


 ((My glasses were supposed to help fix my eyesight, but it keeps getting worse. x3


I just moved up to level 24 in  for iOS! You should check it out for FREE!
 the interwebs again until I watch the second episode of  Bye


Real-World Star Trek Tricorder Raises $10.5 Million in Funding  jsem jako oblben video   Camp Rock 2 - Can't Back Down (Full Length Music Video) HD


 nih twitter punya lu apa punya EMIR? Avanya emir, namenya elu Wkwkwk


" All 13 minerals required to sustain human life can be found in alcoholic beverages." - i to jest wiadomo dnia!


so we're doing minimalist book covers in typography class now.. and I'm doing a cover for Heart no Kuni no Alice but we'll be making two


Lesson of the day: Don't listen to THE1975 while doing your manicure, you'll end up nailpolishing whole body...seriously..even your arm-pits


 I have to join you sometimes :) been a while we played last time.


Check out my  users' Team of the Year 2013   God shall supply all of my needs. He makes a way out of no way. He is the Restorer and Redeemer.


The surest way to generate a monkey of a man would be to quote him


 '' your friend who's afraid of bugs.'' 


We're aware of issues some players may be experiencing with stuttering character positions, and are investigating. Info to come tomorrow.


today its been 7 months and im still not over this and never will be and id like to thank to my friend  your hands if you hate me-raise your hands if you envy me-raise your hands if you catch me-HALO //BLOCK B\\ ZICOP.O. 


My Top 3  Artists: Angelo Badalamenti (26), Gnarwolves (24) &amp; Firewater (21)   o n i g h t ::: Rock'n'Rosi &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 DJ Hafentoni mit R'n'R, Garage, Rockabilly, 50s Music, Beat, Northern Soul,...  nechutna vanilkove po tom co jsem do toho nalil whiskey  the date: JUI-F reconvenes  grand jirga in Peshawar  via 


Now even the REFEREES are diving! See Mike Jones' Jones dramatic fall  via 


China's landed on the moon, and they aren't stopping any time soon...see  of The Female Image Through the Centuries!  you is the best idol ever!!! rt to vote queen Demi Lovato  


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Das sind die Liveshows - The Voice of Germany  


Brand new music  
 on my  TRACKS
6 Fantasy  2feat  
7Main chick feat 


 2.1.1 now available - best feature: finally updating without deinstalling the old version 


To succeed in prayer together with the elders on the Holy Mountain caves,


official story with evidence, not to name names.  science:     (4/6)


 He gave you a false identity but was he really German or was that a lie, too?


4 more days until my sister's 19th birthday!! We are going to be making the classic celebration cupcakes. I will...  For to us a child is born, to us a son is given . . . (Isaiah 9:6) Merry Christmas to you and your families!


Why is it when ever I watch Ray Winstone on TV I always feel like I'm about to get a good hiding??


 Thank you for that amazing time together, I love YOU :*


Today stats: 2 lovely Elves followed me and One unfollowed me via  real story behind David Dimbleby's tattoo is that the man is a complete publicity whore: Why are grown-up ...  A*Star to Launch Industrial AM Program  


 rsoercrse tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: sorcerers


Lb se mi video  od autora   Why I play Stagg cymbals and Stagg extras James Chapman


2000 (tef nolplu..) | periodo is 2800 16uma tempo 02:15ut   President Uhuru Kenyatta vetoes   bill  did Kovarian...oh never mind. I'm mid-rewatching 6th series w/ mum, then watching 5th Doctor &amp; listening to 8. I give up on this arc.


It looks like  Trainer to the stars &amp; former Michael Jackson bodyguard is 15,000th  Twitter follower. Congrats!


Unreal! 10 Stumbleupon vote,10 delicious,10 pin,10 Diigo,6 fb share,8 tweets,4 gplus for $5 on   Ex-premier  sent back to prison for bribery, blackmail.   : *tries to sit* *falls on the couch* *tries to sit again* *falls* *sits * *falls* /// di ko alam feeling ko pagod na pagod ako poiuqyyw


Bruh I seen his tweet the funniest way possible. "Nigga Jim &amp; Dwight" Lmao


well I'm off to bed. if I'll be able to sleep from all the excitement, that is! :)


Wellcome to the real world: the link between drugs, on-line betting and how to avoid inquisitive questions.  yeah. I was wondering what "Dawes" was. XD as a fan of TK I can tell you it sounds more like Dawes than TK. :)


i bet i could manage to procrastinate while procrastinating prograstinating


 
It wasn't a rhyme in my book
*Takes your points away*
I bet you can't even cook
All you can is looking gay
OOOOOOOOOOOH


7 Ways to Prepare for Finals like a Pro ... -  


 Olly Mann - the destroyer of children's dreams *hee hee hee* ;)


Vilda007 couldn't find Kaple sv. Vaclava (Traditional Cache)  I've been staying in this hotel for a week and have only just noticed the giant logo by the lifts.   diky Kubo! Nastesti to neni  one-man show, ale vsem vyridim ;)


what a cliffhanger! I can't wait for the battle of five armies! 


Oi  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


i don't even care if that house is across the street from my school anymore if my mother can't find a different one


  Turn Up Thursdays     this thursday???bet that up nigga


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: -0.7 C (30.74 F)  


Proud to announce that the new 5CD   album will be mixed by    liked a  video  Motocross- 'The Pursuit of Happiness'


Going to see 'The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui' at the Duchess Theatre in London's West End tonight.


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               96


Takhle si to uvm kdy nic nebol ani netah ;) I crushed a 10.0km run with a pace of 5'03" with Nike+...  they have tweeted about it and facebooked it numerous times that it should be up there as well, but i can't find it anywhere


Butthurt armchair gooners. Butthurt armchair gooners EVERYWHERE


but none of them are worth my time youre not even worth this rhyme and I dont, I dont give a flyin


By introducing segregation into its stores, M&amp;S has yielded to Muslim extremists: "Is it Sarah or Sara, with o...  it snowed in Newcastle,  and not in Prague,  dammit. And I have a poorly tummy :(


You can't call me babe or baby unless you plan on making me your girl.


I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Cynetart 2013"  - big vote for Gnu playing at least Prague!!" Tyvole ty lidi jsou nekdy fakt hodny... 


 yeah its okay. For me as comic fan, I throw myself into almost everything


PURE STEEL SHOP - PURE STEEL CHRISTMAS SUPER SALES - 10 % Discount  November 29, 2013 - December 31, 2013: To...  Every girlfriend on the planet!
 bih remembered the wrong code too lol


  I just googled him. Can't get rid of the feeling there's def something similar in his and  face.


 justin follow me please! love you so much !! make my christmas better! :) :/ follow me please!! you are so perfect!! &lt;333


 2nd panel "Support for Democracy and Czech Foreign Policy: Between Dreams and Reality, Between Interests and Responsibility"


Awesome weekend reading: "Using  for Java development: A helpful introduction to the worlds most-used IDE"  aber lckenhaft RT  Everything that happened in 2013 in one image   to reconcile as long as she maintains that position." Anti gay mrg aren't main ones doing the shunning.  am sweet and nice and ......" U good  it RT kush_hush: Keep smiling even though it hurts. Fuck right back with their minds"


   2/2 ... but do you believe them in the long run? I don't


Omg it was awesome, yay      


Fotoserie: They now do what they wanted to do in this scene  Old Images Discovered at Historic Antarctic Base - ABC News  


   I miss youuuu all! I'm coming home next Saturday!!! Can u believe it!


If even your cuddle toy pengu can't help you to sleep you know the following day will be horrible:/

Happy 1st school day in 2014:'((((


Unplug for the Holidays With These 5 Digital Detox Plans  Congrats--would you folks like to publish on RebelLabs? ie What are 5 dangerous assumptions people make about automated testing?


Air Jordan Shoes Stores, to 68% OFF,$56 Jordan,Newest Styles!Free Shipping!


I know that you dont know it but you're fine so fine


about sleep          Sweet home  make purge stream them on twitch! ;) you might wanna update your twitter pic though


 I should do my homework and go to sleep but I still have hope that I'll get a follow from you. Seeing you in 191 days. X4


Most of  talks are about using complicated strategies how to use common sense.


Jako v lt. 

Sia - Kill and Run (The Great Gatsby Soundtrack)  goal in life: To collect as much weird sunglasses as humanly possible


 ILY ! :) Milions Beliebers write I love you :( so why me too?You not read my tweet sorry for my bad English.I am Czech :(sorry


Today's Details.       everyone who has a mind is codially invited  at  cont 0772110086  it wasn't for Bio paper 2 tomorrow, Killarney would be going right now. Sigh. 


Pokud jet nemte hry od Amanita Design, jsou prv te na Humble Weekly Sale. Machinarium, Samorost 2, Botanicula.  I just had chicken cutlets and meatballs. Come get some!


Everything depends on Ireland's poxy weather though.


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


 I am very very sad to know you, but your life from Catherine's love so pity I'm not America but in Czech


  babi la qay. FYI i immortal yea. Bukan mcm u wahai artis malaysia. Tibahh


One of the sweetest moments of all: Rob craving Kristen's assurance and praise after the screening of Cosmopolis....  better to lift your mood on your way to school at 7AM when it's raining than to listen to  


 I was just about to have breakfast when i read your bio..the guilt i felt ka i had to give away my $4 breakfast thanks man 


 I know you've been very busy, but please note me


Women are from ribs. Men can't force hard to straighten them up because they may tear them. Just handle em gently.


Hahaha oh SS   naka hat pa inside my shop!!! Hahahaha  DL8DXL/P (fred) on DM/SX-085 (Collm, 312m, 1pt) 10.1191 cw: *CQ CQ at 19 wpm. S/N=18 dB at DJ3AK {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


HAHAHAHAHAHA. 'Stuart Broad' banned by Brisbane courier-mail: other phrases the Ashes could do without

  thanks, that perspective just kinda terrifies me
C:


 "The sky was blue and the night was all I wanted. Let me be your comet, I will fly." 


So I really got a PlayStation 3 for christmas :3 And The Last Of Us with it ^-^


I favorited a  video  Mercedes-Benz S Class 2014 In depth review Interior Exterior


  But iTunes send me a message that I can download the full song, it' released for me! It's amazing!


 what do you mean expecting it? for the billionth time this hour, I'm hella confused


Smartphone maker Xiaomi earns $90 million in 24 hours  [fnraciaoil finadrebr] (1948) Hank Bell, p:marshal c:USA poin: 20


The Lord is my strength and my shield, I trust Him with all my heart Ps 28:7


Photoset: odditiesoflife: Ten of the Best Storybook Cottage Homes Around the World These 10 fairy tale...  me: yunsaf      I m still not getting the purpose of this app but I am willing to give it a try.  :D


Trancefusion Old School 2 - Johan Gielen:  prostednictvm 


Google-Owned Apps, Bump And Flock, Are Shutting Down And Users Have 29 Days To Export Data:  


Bajheeroth - "Nothing to Lose"  5.4 DK PvP Montage - Razer Naga Giveaway...:  via 


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


The winters of my youth were long, long seasons.We lived in three places:the school,the church,and the skating rink:  liked a  video from     Euro Centrale  OPI


I have a good excuse for not knowing Miranda before Chummy. not being British and all but her own people not knowing that? ouch!


  I know, but you have to use it at web side as well. And that makes Messenger unusable as they forget about thatone


Photo: DIY Bread. 500g flour 250g warm water 25g yeast 1 tb salt, sugar Mix the yeast with water and add...  sarecteh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: teachers


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 27 others     Thank You.. Gregory House FanClub from Czech Republic...  are looking for a skilled and dedicated candidate for the role of a Team Leader - Healthcare Interaction Spend...  am in school for like 15 minutes and i'm 100% done with that shit


27 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


 it's okay I unfollowed him and about to unfollow her. They can have each other. I don't want any part of it .


Hard life of an IT consultant and rationale behind some IT investments explained...  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 dksjf


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Sipral bowling cup 2013"  saturdayyyy with a super cute girl. I don't know yet if I like like her or not. Let's see how things develop.


Lawd ! All these missed calls &amp; texts ; didn't know so many ppl cared , lol .


  "The usual kind of suspects" contacting  you - Andy from Dumbarton being one of them, I bet. *facepalm*


Number crunching for the past week - 1 new follower and 3 unfollowers. Stats via  Jawaban benar: the five of me,  14/6061 poin


Your social calendar can be quite demanding today because you ... More for Gemini  criticism on Twitters attitude towards devs: Released LINQ to Twitter v3.0.1 Beta  birthday  . Makin ++++ yaa. Sukses slalu. Makan2 buat X.A hehehe. Gbu!


Nelson Mandela's Life Story:    


 im so angry right nowthe entire world can listen to that song and we?! nothingi don't like   hte saeeuvce tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the evacuees


.  is 20 Follower away from 800! Make sure to follow us and stay connected with us! :) &lt;3 


 Furious Patrol Parking: Choose between three cool police cars andparkyour vehicle on the ...   


 Jawaban benar: yu pu tuan ii: yu nu xin jing,  29/331000 poin


 hte gneil rohu tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the elgin hour


Just got today's  sticker. Get yours in the next 8h:35m.   


Apple has released iOS 7.1 beta to registered developers today.


 you're such a wonderful, strong, amazing woman. I'm so so proud of you. Love u so much. You're a great inspiration to me 


 your envelopes arrived i'm curently waiting at the post to get the first envelope you've sent me :3


 [hebdni eth skam fo rzoro] (2005) Luis Robledo c:USA poin: 24


  I usually do the same. If I alteady have a pic with them that day I don't bother them


Yoo thizz 'MssingNo - Production Mix' is just the best thing i've heard lately!!   


Lucho Holmes - Latina Baby preview by Digital Room Records  I HAVE BUBBLES!!! Are you      Wow, now we can even say "Welcome to the Real Life" -__-


 President Uhuru Kenyatta kicks off building of Sh55bn terminal at airport  


ill-patron vs. kannadiss - Special THXss - SET to the Folowers!!  Top 3  Artists: Parov Stelar (49), The Peacocks (29) &amp; Elvis Jackson (20)   friend says 2014 is a good year cos last year the world ws stil confused as to why it hadn't ended, 2012. He says it's all configured now


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 njn


 Jawaban benar: the joey bishop show,  20/317256 poin


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


  Just FYI: Beamer in American slang stands for BMW. Sending a BMW down into his grill would  be severe indeed.


to play castanets on one of the community band numbers Im good


 BTW bad move not to offer IS350 in EU :-( Customers who want powerful engine can't be satisfied. The new IS is great car.. but..


"The truth is that everyone's gonna hurt you. You just have to find the ones worth suffering for" - Bob Marley


love like there's no tomorrow because there isn't one


 Hard to say since it might be brewed in Brno like the pale version :)


 I bet you are! and i bet ull do it the best u can do. and hope its just the start of smth new for u ;)


Gallery of 200 fascinating historical photographs. Some rare, some famous, all interesting:  liked a  video  WestJet Christmas Miracle: real-time giving


 e,vlari ssrtesim fo eth akdr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: elvira, mistress of the dark


I can't sleep tonight, wide awake and so confused Demi Lovato  


 Read on your FB page that your little daughter has been very ill. Sorry to hear that! Glad she's on the mend now. x


lol but srsly how can my shinee feels be so strong even after all those yrs orz why i lub them so much ;;;;


 ok, the hypothetical scenario is scary. Does that actually happen? Its a complete nonsense that junior GL needs first author papers.


I'm going to take some first photos of acts.. Have no idea how to do it, how setup lights etc. Any tips or recommendations  ?


2 tourstops noch :P

 out for free promo stuff :P  just voted for Ian Somerhalder   Retweet to vote  pes 


LOL seungri's reaction HAHAHA but yes what kind of ending is that


Was out swimming 0.75 km with  See it here:  Empire posledn dl 4 ady.. vykradli  Steve Buscemi : I don't have friends I have partners..


Workshops in India and Myanmar (Burma)   


 Wish me luck for today? I have an huugeeee exam today ... 


 [man in teh oomn] (1960) Jeremy Lloyd, p:space c:UK poin: 15


 it kills me for having watched the match on a crappy stream


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  reported a jam on Plzesk, Praha. My mood: happy, using  - Social GPS.


sigam &gt;&gt;           x3   One Direction


'The Merit Shop' Wants to Replace Money With Talent  (via  - C E Wiley Studios - Photographer - Baton Rouge, Louisiana, US)     -nice that you have now found me! -:) (via  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 88


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           754


The Editors are going out for pilsners and Becherovka. Get off the comp and join us. 


Being the funniest guy alive is kinda fun actually lol


 ion know hit the mall nshit &amp; whatever afterwards


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 I see the image of an impatient addict in my mind when I read your tweet ... :))


I liked a  video  a floating fire ant raft is pushed down on the surface of water


RLX Camouflage Greens Pant - Definitely, absolutely totally wanna. PS.: Luke Donald is the best ;).  yes! Freemium sucks. I'm going for freemium 2.0 :) hopefully will suck less.


  i want this shoes, but my mother is strict


Baltic Countries To Develop Medical Tourism Together: See what challenges the Baltic Medical Tourism Cluster i...   with 6 pack body for  WOW very good pic with good body:))  Bathing Ape 2014 "Year of The Horse" Collection  via 


i gotta study my book's section about travelling and i doodled a plane next to the title
ahaha ahah ha


"The unbreakable lotus in me.. and know, set free"    wish all my friends &amp; followers a very Merry Christmas. Enjoy the holidays w/ family, friends &amp; your loved ones  hear em calling me...
I see them chasing me....     


Ah great. And now they've progressed to annoying me ... 


Apple only exposing the -stringValue of AVMetadataMachineReadableCodeObject makes it less useful for encoding binary data, right?


i miss some things...but know i think - were the things i miss even there back then?


Me too RT " Me everyday: RT  When someone uglier than you is in a relationship  Nicht zu wenige Ratten, aber auch nicht. A scientist responds to criticism of the Sralini study /   stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Jawaban benar: dimension,  9/365518 poin  1/2513 poin


Ninjas and rockstars are overrated. We keep it simple:  Automated testing for everyone!


Since you're often the one to change your mind, others might b... More for Gemini  moment when you meet your friend after a long time - you're both Heartbeats - and  starts playing. Priceless.  :)


I am an emotional  sobbing mess. You cannot do such things to me  


 it's not punching. More like rubbing and playing with putty


1982 - AVION recording their 1st Album - with my Top Hit "Never Let Me Go" !!
 I'm leaving work: bye Russ, bye random customer!
Russ(coworker): bye Jovana,(to customer) that's dj queen Jojo...  33 Dumbest Things That Happened In 2013  by  


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


I'm mentoring at  We are looking for projects in Data, Search and Analytics. Do you know anybody who should join?...


 [gnerad uomes] (1981) David Jason, p:mouse c:UK poin: 12


 ahah cctv ada . nanti temasuk dalam youtube free free je dapat glamour nyaaah oii . okay next time tak malu dah laa :P


Quote of the night. Me: "What is that house of Hogwards?"  : "Hustle-Puff.." Real  right there 


 It's actually same thing from the opposite side :D


Supreme Court blocks challenge to  phone tracking
  are not getting to peyton enough. He has adjusted again. Need some more ideas from Sutton.  Come on 


Tf is 3 chicken strips and 1 waffle gonna do for my stomach


Merry Christmas!!{           yeah. cute Italian. I remember him. welcome back, babe! 


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Flaterrifics Bundle is now up on   and   


 wew: trkneauerd - eh eibusr ehmt iavel tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wwe: undertaker - he buries them alive


 takes over business from Ret Constellation  lagyan mo nlng yan ng tawas yun singaw mo sa dila..


   Thats fantastic, write us an email please


 ecreiltc iracopt tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: electric apricot


Nice photo &lt;3 RT  Federer and Hewitt with the trophies   who is next for Jagr? He has 690 goals in NHL. 8th Yzerman has 692 goals, 7th Messier 694. It is not IF he will surpass them but WHEN.


IT services in the Czech Republic: Conflicting expectations of users and suppliers ....  1, Star poledne  Sat. 28 DEC, Song  J.TEAL BAND   LP  Cooks  1977  Cure


League of Legends: One for All Mode is LIVE!  via 


   that is some good lookin niqqa ryt there cuz shld make him meet my fam so we organize a mariage wif my sis


 tumben bilang cantik -,- biasanya ngatain jelek mulu -_-


 [ergcndiu] (1931) Bobby Dunn, p:sister c:USA poin: 8


New year reading: which books are your hot tips for 2014?  


Deadline for Czech-German Young Professionals Program is January 31    I snapchatted all you bitches back now . Quit complaining 


 you eat thirty muffins a week, how are cookies a problem?


Food is cooked. Homework is done. My mind starts to make a mixture with my thoughts. Time to sleep. Good night, world


Somebody's getting a limited edition Batman Family comics for New Years



 have a look at our holiday apartments! we offer many little extras for free,including massages! the Year's 50 Greatest Sports Plays in 1 Mesmerizing Video  you love football? Do you love Jesus?  YES? THEN CHECK THIS OUT --&gt;  Check us out    


 [lyeshel] (1972) Peter Bowles, p:poet c:UK poin: 7


 [rouy igb rakbe] (1999) Nicole Humphries, p:singing c:USA poin: 14


Tonight keynote with  at  7:30pm MEZ  streams can be found here  Carey's Christmas Rules: Lots of Music, No Smartphones  se mi video   [720p] Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 Full Playthrough 1/2


Create it REAL announces first 3D printing Real Time Processor  


 48 irgcnha sscro raod tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: 84 charing cross road


I just liked "Man Without Country 'Puppets'" on Vimeo:   205: 01. Adam Szabo &amp;   feat.  - Two To One (Original Vocal Mix)  


 tak Out of the Furnace u nas v kine nejspis nebude vubec


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Oh fuck! Beeeer.... ( Staropramen Visitor Center w/ 6 others) [pic]:   - 6ix Commandments :: Get It LIVE!      !!!!!!


ION if you act childish in the friendzone you probably deserve to be there!



Come and join us on  Official Friday Toast in restaurant Krasny Ztraty  kid poured curd pulled cold" is the world's most difficult tongue twister - anyone dare say it?  part of it right now.... is it a problem or you can live w/it?


"Conspiracy theories are present here more than elsewhere and they haven't been fought." 


The 20 Mistakes You Dont Want To Make In Your 20s  pes 


Snowden: NSA's worldwide indiscriminate spying 'collapsing'    US NSA programs of dragnet mass surveillance (1/4)


Fast, Free Wi-Fi for a 3-Mile Stretch in San Francisco  Navidad a todos! Hagan valer este da!// Merry Christmas to everyone! Make this day worth  [gruho trttaneme] (2000) John Murtagh, p:vengeance c:UK poin: 15


Austrian duo could be pivotal to  success in Sochi.
My  piece..    know it's not my business but... I didn't know EG follows Marina and Greg James on Insta.


 Evet oncelikle Ugur Kaymaz'in, Ceylan Onkol'un ve sizin doneminizde katledilmis yuzlerce Kurt cocugunun katillerini bulun!


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 oh well it wasn't too bad, thank you for asking :)


  Balochi is language not people, when you don't know something then pls avoid to be judgmental


 [oerv het ssae ot tlbfesa] (1946) James A. FitzPatrick, p:queen c:USA poin: 24


Dnesni foceni s Misou Doubravovou pro Dailystyle.cz      a rekni Hudymu ze fandim Frolunde a ze ho miluju :-D :-D a kdyby chtel fb tak mu ho dej :DDDDDDDDDDDD 


  Hello I Louis Westside and Harrys Hardcore. All is well now I hope. He was harnessed to the bridge itself.


Just like Moyes said, he'd bring in players only for the longer term and not quick-fix transfers.


 [hnpssotas] (2002) Jeroen Koolbergen, p:prostitute c:USA poin: 9


Awak boleh tolong stop tak? Kalau cemburu dengan member saya sendiri, tanam je angan-angan awak tu. k


Fotoserie: cortexifansquint: Booth on painkillers vs. Drunk Brennan     si  :(  Strossmayerovo nmst (tram)  omg that was supposed to be quick not fast loooool


Hlavne nohy v teple          jsem do seznamu vide  video  Trancefusion Old School 2 - Johan Gielen


 try wifi in cafes,so you can use whatsup,viber,skype etc..


Workin while y'all sleepin    blkdiasoc  christmas to my friends, old and new 'followers'!   a owai, no plans just yet Tso, o mpolella go tswina!! O tla nyeologa mo moyeng!!! Hahahaha


Ok, no PS4 to be had in Austria until End of January. So Ill buy some new Apple devices instead 


It confuses me when people make up human like aliens that aren't related to humans at all


  my point is MR would do most of the heavy lifting. Once your dataset is pruned further indexing is relatively trivial


So does it mean that I'm playing shitty games, or that everyone is playing shitty games?


 Sounds like you had a really bad time. Hope a good nap will help. Sweet dreams!


This is how to get followers:        


 with the right guy. Thank ulet! baka naiistorbo na kita. 


Canon Gaffeliere 2010 rises 18%: A couple of weeks ago Wine Spectator released its annual list of the top 100 ...  I know but since she talks about design probs all the time it is very easy to miss and say something similar to what i replied to.


 cant wait for  im sad that  come to an end :(


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  3rd goal being also the last kick of the game, we're off for handshakes. PCE U19 vs. BOH U19 3:0 FT 


Russian version of Rolling Stone stops rolling.  morning to all! Have a great day with lots of love! :D


Hlouchov: "Activity of private sector in  is restricted due to Afghan legislation"  


 Glad you like it. I have some changes planned for the site as well.


  shoutout to light skin boi. Keep doing ur thing pretty boy Floyd LOL.


 Thanks Mara. Have a nice day. :)
Stana Katic  


 [acbkl oxb: ouf escestr] (2006), p:ufo c:USA poin: 22


I have Harvest cart on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 I need several and I'm all out!! Going to buy one before I start teaching otherwise children will suffer! D.S.


Romans 9:28     Yes, the Lord will quickly finish judging the people on the earth.


          bar, sky sports news on the box with a pint whilst listening to Christmas songs. Bliss


 Thank you for all that you are doing for better world!  "HIC ET NUNC" We love you infinitely!&lt;3


Sweden Uses New Rating System to Screen for Sexist Films   hey, at least you got money. I got a thing I already bought myself this summer.


The reason why I love tuesday night! namiss ko century egg! daddys to go at deluxe!   24 Nov 2013, let us all send Emir Kusturica the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (59)


 gD BLESS ItS THE BEST THIGN especially from CE to RBS i cry every tiem


 [ertga org:ab a lnoe tras] (2001) Ty Burr, p:narration c:UK poin: 24


 out "Down the Rabbit Hole" as well :3 Aw don't hate them ^ ^


 whoa *o* I want to have that many too! I need to start an Infinite folder as well T^T


Photoset: nerdpopes: duckodeath: Jools Hollands Hootenanny 2010 which turns out to be surprisingly...  guys in grade 9?  Rashad, faris, Nader, juliano, samer, w fi kteer  Opportunity:? DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


mockumentary time! finally abt to watch Capaldi's Cricklewood Greats. :)


  
THE EAST by Marvel Years 
LIVE on  Prague, Czech Republic!
  


"  Now I want dessert lol." What dessert you want?


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Game day isn't just an event; It's a state of mind. 


     
THANK YOU GUYS FOR AN AMAZING 2013. I WISH YOU A GREAT2014
I LOVE YOU


Mannn I had the weirdest dream but I can't remember it. Awh.


Although you might put your foot in your mouth today, your goo... More for Sagittarius  restaurant reviews with snark &amp; intelligence you can't beat  year in review w/ Ozersky and Stein   Jawaban benar: college swing,  13/335203 poin


 mas to vyborne spocitano!  Ta mala je tam by default. A zacali jsme se dvema union jack SMEG.. Ty dalsi dve tak nejak samy..


New Years Resolution  wear more pants that button.


Successfully updgraded  18 to 20 using yum, after fedup failed to upgrade my system. Everything went smoothly, yay!


 takze priste na show radsi v teplakach a starejch hadrech))


Want to help the DayZ Dev Team? Tweet me your best video example of character stuttering/rubberbanding.


White flag in the air, gonna get my way when I cease the fire
-I'm gonna take it easy-


Fine pandora dont work I didn't even wanna listen to you anyways.


Navy Deploys First High-Tech Surveillance Aircraft to Japan  centre IGY Budweis, Czech Republic
Nkupn centrum IGY, esk Budjovice
    I'd rather die then be molested and electrocuted.


hihi .. dah tydo awak yea x pew kita x esah pon mungkin awak penat kn kjew


How to enter a mosque or a synagogue in Second Life? Religious life of your avatar. cs13


Everyone might appear to be moving too fast for your liking to... More for Sagittarius  if ur thighs touch 

u're basically one step closer to being a mermaid

so hey 

who's the real winner here


 Nice analysis but at the end it was 4v5 so kinda hard to play wombo combo without Oriana


Was out walking 1.14 km with  See it here:  Collecting Data on International Money Transfers, Officials Say 


  A new post on my Kiss from the World blog - The Italian Court in Kutna Hora
 quiet time with deep thoughts in a beautiful mind 
     am not going out every Friday, but today is... no exception. 


 Jawaban benar: iron man 2,  10/52816 poin  1/21129 poin


Halah halah , follow pastu unfollow pastu follow balik then unfollow . Haaa kan dh kene block . Tu makan dia


Just completed a 10.60 km run with  Check it out!  


please contact the server administrator. mailadresse schaut vielversprechend aus.  I bet you're fucking proud of being a fake account?


"No supportas the silence because your conscience is no good."


Even worse..Javascript still stops at all while scrolling..
Tell me why it has two so damn powerful CPU cores then?


Ian Somerhalder is WWTT number 1,again,wow!!:) That's my boy!!! That's the power of   migration: David Cameron says his welfare changes 'send a message' to Romania and Bulgaria. Is that enough?...  Hey, can you play  new single "Adore You"? Cannot wait to hear it on the radio!! Thanks


Novinky o Broadwellu: 20% grafickch jednotek navc, OpenCL 2.0 a dal  week on twitter: 6 new followers, 2 new unfollowers and followed One person  via  KINDLE FIRE + SIGNED BOOK GIVEAWAY   via  SIGNED COPIES of Axel, Cage, and Beck by  Open Internationally!!


 N.b., it comes with a disclaimer: must ONLY be used for STRICTLY SERIOUS military bsns  more Youtube Views like AddMeFast used to get you? Join   got to have better alternatives to persuit asshole how about drone


" Wear Orange , End the violence against women "... Nicole Kidman   keeps friends close&amp;enemies closer - some ppl do,then think,its sad.hope ull figure out best opportunity for u


does anyone know a ready to use and thread safe deque for c++?


Lb se mi video   Superman vs. Thor Live-Action Brawl


   but... nah, Derped wouldn't think of THAT


         to you too dear


 IDK, on Galacon I went to McD in my full Cheerilee cosplay including wedding veil and noone cared.


spent a couple of hours walking around Prague pretending to be a tourist, taking pictures and attempting to vlog.


Finally bought a smartphone, and now the  as well. I'm so not going to graduate next year.


Bakit yung mga kontrabida sa movies, kahit nasa bahay lang, laging nakadress? I know lots of rich people na di naman ganun -.-


 [ntrtsaig tuo ni hte eevignn] (2007) Lauren Ambrose, p:book c:USA poin: 27


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


"nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands"  E.E. Cummings 


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 love  more than  , borders are crossed, new part of my life is coming :) (half try half fun) :D


 giving a fuck too much will make u lose  too much and stuck on things too much


You know, despite the fact that I'm always tired, stressed, and miserable, I'm also very happy.


  yes, or it wasn't a phone cord wait it was a mouse cable! But at the moment I didn't see what it was :D true


 page na upcoming indie hry! Stay tuned!


It is only a fool who does nt knw dat the regular hand shake of the enemy is nt a sign of reconciliation


 NEW  twoloud zremixoval legendrny Tistov "TRAFFIC" a potom ho zase upravil Tiesto... 

REMIX inside the...   Activity Folds Into New Data Activity" via    


I'mma call my papi 'fore I fucked her mother I passed them a molly, now they kiss each other


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Cargo Commander on Raptr!  Red bull is in. I'm either gonna be hyper or have a heart attack. 


Ahoooj  ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 16 others) [pic]:  decline of the U.S. death penalty in two charts   the Hunger Games!!!! May the odds be NEVER in your favor      Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Vintage Necklace Czech Brass Dragonfly Stamping by prettyinprague2  via 


(yes, it's fucking brilliant that almost no of my real life friends use twitter)


  FROM HERE-What would you ask of me, it's yours    munsfaoi aaiainsosnstss tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: infamous assassinations


 [eepd wtrae] (2006) Santiago Franchessie, p:suicide c:UK poin: 10


Lb se mi video  od autora   Let's Play | Metro Last Light - "Dobr konec!"  [CZ/HD]


"  please follow me i love you so much  x10"


100% agreed "  your smile and laugh brightens my day and puts me in such a better mood. Thank you!      Bi tweete istinaden yazdim onu Kurt milliyetcileriyle Turk fasistine dair


 wow you may get into college with that knowledge


 [het inpatet] (2009) Kevin Yoo, p:satire c:USA poin: 11


I shall  my darlings and finish my  after my final lesson of the day. Playing with a 4yr old for two hours  D.S.


I see Peter was in another thing with Clare Holman. whenever I see the two of them playing a couple I feel like she cheats on Lewis...lol


 Dear Goldie, I absolutely adore your movies and always will. You are such an amazing woman 


    that would be absolutely perfect! Your two voices together have a special magic.


Just folded flyers with 2 friends about 3 1/2h ... 


Im screaming laughing crying drinking and shaking someone hold meh


    Did I ever link you to this? It's short, sweet and gen :)  I would if I lived in the UK, I live in Prague... if you ever come here, Ill do some sightseeing for you and Martin! lol


I've harvested 906 of food!    


3anjad, every assassination of a sane Lebanese political figure reminds us of Rafic Hariri and how he was a LEGENDARY man. RIP


Uppsala, Sweden: 9th International  on Third Language Acquisition and   just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               19


Realstically speaking I can't be having over 900 Facebook friends!Not to wish to be unkind but lol Some of y'all gotta go!


Just got back from the club ! 6.15am still time for half an hour of Fish Go Deep podcast! Always quality  


Now I can say that bc I have saw the original one first and the new one just was more believable. 


 happy Thanksgiving ((: Still can't believe that I'm not able to watch you guys tomorrow in Leipzig /:


Think I'll miss you forever, like the stars miss the sun in the morning skies.


 that's okay then! nothing worse than being stuck in a job you hate with bad pay


 just listen to more casey abrams he makes everything better


I finished the "Christmas Sleigh" task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


 [asrsco het lnei] (1916) Jay Belasco, p:texas c:USA poin: 15


I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.  Jean Cocteau 


I don't even want to talk about anything else but Christmas.


 Well done Michael greetings from a proud austrian fella!


Skills gap remains key problem for oil and gas firms as 98% of firms eye new staff   


I wish I stopped getting jealous so easily it sucks


61% of organizations say they experienced downtime, a security breach, or data loss at least once in the last...  that is the idea - there is a chance that some wouldn't.


My Top 3  Artists: Foo Fighters (42), Arctic Monkeys (24) &amp; The Killers (16)  to  on his appt as  head coach, good luck! CZ now has a couple of fun connections with SL 


 what the.., BP have picked up just 1 of 18 points in the last games, so wouldn't be complaining about that! Poor Owls though..


You just went full retard, Homopathie. Never go full retard.  I wish you and your team good luck in this weekend, kick ass in Baku :)) Let's go Serbia!! :))


 your a dork, and you never even tweet anything you just retweet and reply. Kay bye &lt;3


 Every phone, even non-smarthphone but why the heck a dang iphone?!?!?!


 I'm an exceptional person with excerptional gifts and talents,i do exceptional things.


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  50 000 views: The Story of Social Media in 2013   via 


I'm listening to "No Mercy" by Miss A. on Pandora  


3  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


 (the point being, please change the "CF-Auto-Root-m0-m0xx-gti9300.zip" filename each time you fix stuff, thanks :-))


I added a video to a  playlist  Black Sabbath 7.12.2013 Praha 2


badges: essentially an alternate, goofy credentialing system poised to negatively impact a currently valid, perhaps still valuable structure


 *LOL* Your dog's a cricket fan then? That's one hellluva dog you've got there :)) "Early"? You mean  Jawaban benar: the pink package plot,  21/372891 poin  1/353384 poin


Design, fashion and art in Prague! Great addresses on this article from Cond Nast Traveller! And guess where...  song hav no relevence in my life but big sean killed it 


 Jawaban benar: in denial of murder,  19/318700 poin


 Thanks for your reply. Is a midsize suitcase 'reasonable'?


Translation Trends 2014 survey, click here to contribute your views:    


 et j'te follow mais follow back sinon j'unfollow ;)


 jede to na Squarespace takze bude chyba na jejich strane :)


Spending a night at the Christmas Markets. Are you ready for a White Christmas?   sister had her first son today, I caught a rare moment between two fathers"  base technology of air travel hasn't changed much in the past 50 years. That might finally change.  quite impressed.  Mathematisch Physikalischer Salon  [no het aklcb lhli] (1987) William Vaughan, p:welsh c:UK poin: 17


Tue, 19 Nov 2013, let us all send Naoko Mori the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (42)


"  indicator: You may notice that a potential victim may show signs of mental or physical abuse." 


Pretty cool stuff --  talks with the people who were close to Oswald during his time in Minsk  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 of course that marriage tends to include John ... ;)


Fellas, how are we doing on No Shave November? Does your girl hate you yet? Have you stuck with it?


 ... smartphones where there *might* be no reason to doubletap, but tablet viewports are another thing. And it think ...


My Top 3  Artists: Bear McCreary (17), Max Richter (12) &amp; Judith de los Santos (9)  Gov't Created Fake LinkedIn Accounts to Spy on Belgian Telecom  forza horizon 2012 .. je to moc pekne, i detaily jsou povedene.. jen ta fotka z toho neni nic moc


 I don't want you app and I don't want your newsletter.  via 


Pebble introduces the Steel, an all-metal smartwatch with an elegant look (video)  Oh and also found the error about that Button-Border lol (I should get a WebDev)


73 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


if you are the smartest person in the room.jpg  AFRAID OF 138?! - BEST OF 2013 ... Who would have guessed Folding Your Universe by ReOrder &amp; Ian Standerwick...  am extremely excited to be performing medleys as the Human Jukebox and representing Ozvi se! / HollaBack! Czech...  with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Courage. Honesty. Decency. Respect. Our "Masters" laugh at us because these concepts are important to us. They "laugh" at us for being human


Laura vs. Akina: Wings | The Voice of Germany 2013 | Battle:  via   


from monday i start working again=)intervier for magazines, more scene for Score, Dorcel TV and Project ala techer of sex and love=) jup


In memory of Dinah Sheridan who was born on September 17th, 1920 and died on November 25th, 2012.


you    and  abd that's enough to know you must be a country full of cool people lol


 yeah! but i only know that one song, 'mama said'


Endnlich mal ne gute Pitbull Nummer. Hat aber viel mit Mayer Hawthorne zu tun: Pitbull Feat. Mayer Hawthorne - Do It  LTE operator 'could happily prioritise Skype traffic' -  we've no place to go, let it snow, let it snow, let it snow... I NEED SNOW NOW


 hahah this is seriously great. Gotta love the dedication.


We were supposed to have a whole load of snow dumped on us tonight. Not one single snow flake so far :/ (sorry for triviality of this tweet)


55% Say Legalize Marijuana in New California Field Poll |  mafia: Yakuza cleans up Fukushima, neglects basic workers' rights-
Video 
 York Times, Guardian call Snowden 'justified', urge clemency and pardon - NDTV  


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.56C, Marc 21.06C ac foris -0.44C vre esse.


" WTH HAHAHAHA RT   it wasn't me   ummm.......... x"D


3 of 5 stars to The Borgia Apocalypse by Neil Jordan          Thanks 'n 


Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers via  IG Police KP Malik Naveed Arrested by NAB on corruption charges


Social customer care results coming in 3 weeks are pretty cool. We will also sum up the year with it:  coming.


 Start using Pinterest with the department to share articles about language education! 


I totally forget about my internet radio station... oops :-/


Cutting u out  is like cutting my right arm off and although I might need it I can live w/out it....


Kim Gloss  Lloyd Banks LIVE on Stage - 06.12.2013 - Kaya Plaza KREFELD:  via    


elfwen is proud of herself.. hope that ONE will like it tomorrow


Do you honestly believe antivirus companies want to eliminate  Don't you wonder why  OS has the most?


 Carrie: Men who are too good-looking are never good in bed, because they never had to be.


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


"Tom Hanks orders a goal review in LA on his imaginary phone"            World War Z with my family to end Christmas 


My Top 3  Artists: Vangelis (23), Robin Guthrie (7) &amp; Marcel Dettmann (7)  thanks giving break baby! Vacation mode ON!   fychansung: [FANCAM] 131231 MBC Gayo Daejaejun - 2PM during the countdown cr: nuneogun                tweeting about Sherlock 5 people have unfollowed me. Good.


Malapit na Pasko at Bagong Taon.
Hiling ng ibang babae ganito,
lord, height po ah. hindi po weight.


Automaker Group Says E15 Ethanol Damages Cars, EPA Approval Was Rushed  collected 14,114 gold coins!    


 I am almost as big as you:3 (and I am small, believe me:D)


 boidrm iostryiuc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: morbid curiosity


 [470 shaeur] (1994) John Amos, p:sequel c:USA poin: 10


  via  Season's Greetings, Happy Holidays, say what you like, it's all O.K.


 [rsrfcesio rltai] (2001) Carmen Moore, p:ranch c:USA poin: 15


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


Breakfast, gospel music, and morning lift. Starting the day right...even if I fell like a tank hit me!!! Success calls!!! 


 no for real! Come like this month! I pay half of the plane ticket and Sadies ticket :))


 [pougrcndi a 'aisnnot idpre] (1915) c:USA poin: 26


I just uploaded "TrmmerFrau - Another Song (Ed Flow Remix)" to Mixcloud. Listen at  Out The Latest Episode Of Arnii's  ^^
New Music from ARTY, Andrew Bayer, Avicii and many more &lt;3  neos is using the cr stuff for content but xliff for ui too. So don't worry.


TOP20 2013  209: 16.  &amp;  pres.  - Folding Your Universe (Original) [TUNE OF THE YEAR]


Finally on the nova launcher with kit kat themes. Looks nice


"  so when rewatching this we both commented "why does this exist" x"DD" whYYYYYYYYY 8D


Your brain sees things you dont (N400 peak)   Long Night Out, tak se jmenuje nov deska, kterou chyst Brian Culbertson Official vydat 25. nora...   For those, who give naughty presents yes :) to avoid embarrassment when with the family.


Murder Czech Style - see this old movie with English subtitles on Monday:  pretty sure I just saw you celebrating on itv... are you at the Emirates?


Czech TV's Moscow correspondent was briefly detained in Sochi, while preparing a story about  Olympics.


Fotoserie: Bigger Pictures from Robs photoshoot with Premiere magazine (x)    wtf delete those you saggy fat bitch LMAO


Great solution for modern flooring - Resin  via 


Vintage Jumpsuit The Strawberry Plant Brown Vest by prettyinprague  via 


Twitter mi sm dv unfollow a follow uritm lidem, co s tim?:(


Good Evening my Friends &amp; Dears &amp; Followers I wish you a peaceful and beautiful 2. Advent :):)  harvested 460 of food!    


 Isn't the horse in the Ronettes song a reference to the sleigh being pulled through the romantic winter wonderland?


Just watched MUSE DVD and I have a depression... I need gig..  please announce gigs  


Mobile manufacturers have indeed no reason to support a product which, if successful, will decrease their market...  out mountain biking 49.08 km with  See it here:  no way hit a man with glasses Hit him using a baseball bat


 i think You missed person You wanna tweet :) realit I'm not that person You intend to write ..


Credits to  for introducing me such a hilarious yet sad movie, gracias


My new  fanvid: "Here's Your Love"       


 then he look at chen with hopes chen will pick him back. CHEN JITAO LOOK AT SUHO AND SAY SEHUN IMMEDIATELY LOL


 Yay,  flashlight reviews :-)  I always loved them. Im really looking forward,  Im sure its gonna be awesome.


 This was my first drawing of Nana :) I am an artist from Germany. Thomas  is the anthem of success So put on mascara and your party dress 


 [sin'nae incmog uot] (1984) Roeie Hughes, p:australia c:Australia poin: 18


 Jawaban benar: live through this,  17/321167 poin


"My grandpa, my dad, and myself. Making three generations of wives worried sick."  awaiting my third record, listen to this awesome  song  pes 


 Jawaban benar: the horse's mouth,  17/94299 poin


10 credits before Xmas - done, friday exam from law, I am hungry for next 3 credits


Whenever i enter my room randal is just there   FROM: Tools Commissar / TO:  Modders / MATERIEL CATEGORY:  / CIRCUMSTANCES: Version 0.52  when I asked for your opinion ? Yeah me neither . 


Watching cheesy christmas movies &amp; eating christmas cookies with the boyfriend. :D Good things to do, if you wanna get in the festive mood.


Some last minute App development until the rest of the family gets off work ;)


    automatic dictionary made by Apple: what = want


A RT"  pernah ultah dilemparin tepung sm telor ? A.ya B.gak C.sering"


I'm of the school of thought that once everyone starts agreeing on one thing...there's a problem, time to search for the truth


She'll show a little skin and get a lot of attention


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 hefw


Perfect boyfriend or what? She's gettin' THE BLUE BOX!       na dneek: Dub Incorporation - Revolution:  pes 


   when we were sooo close to  kill me...NOW


Mej nakapag-memorize na almost half sa Tech. Writing. Sana di muna matuloy exam bukas..


 Sorry to hear that! Hope it's nothing that affects you long-term. Get well again soon!


   So excited! I wanna sleep for 4 days and than wake up to 


The self depreacating habit of pretending all is well when the house is on fire must be droped lyk a plague- The Herald


 vel. L (sleny od cca 8 let &amp; dmy s velikost...  is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies. Groucho Marx


Talagang inulit ulit pa yun kanta ni enrique gil oh.. Putang ina ninyo may tutulog na samin..


A new favorite: Microtrauma - Aktin // Microtonal Records by   on 


Crockpot Chicken Chili Con Carne Loaded Tostada Stacks - Makes 4 Stacks with Leftover Chili  via 


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  TED NUGENT  LP Gonzo  1978  Great white buffalo


I liked a  video  A day in the life with managing a wireless environment with IMC


Just got this  sticker. Check out my 78 other stickers on   


sera q se a gnt quiser mt acreditar numa coisa a gnt acredita


 lolol pls, I just want to listen and sometimes peak on ONG when I have no letters to input :P


 Not a man cave, that's an artist's cave! :-) It looks very cool!


Just in: I have 8 new unfollowers and 3 followers in the past day. Breaking news via  Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                           76


  Don't wanna be rude, but does it help if I send my Idols a lot of Messages like this?


Today, The Struggle for Freedom and Democracy Day, commemorates the beginning of the Velvet Revolution 1989. Democracy takes time to build.


Rodgers' CB selection is very strange. Drops Agger to replace him with Toure and doesn't play Sakho again, but leaves Skrtel, who has been


 [ni eht eman fo voel] (2008) Dicky Wahyudi, p:Comedy c:Indonesia poin: 19


Ok,Fifty is a book, Gabriel too, Clipped Wing will be so why not Wide Awake. Please please please   


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 [a mna ot erbermem] (1938) Crane Whitley, p:funeral c:USA poin: 17


After hear  like 138 times already this class I have decided that it is such a weird word to say


TF2 - The Christian Brutal Sniper Theme Song:  via 


  shame on you...even  phones are getting Kitkat and XperiaZ stucked on 4.2.2 ...


 When will you add back WP8 support? I'll have to switch to other service just because of lack of that.


I've harvested 1,846 of food!    


 [eht edvoi gema iteoolvnru] (2004) Peter Molyneux, p:video-game c:USA poin: 25


Mike Carrycot - Christmas Shake:  prostednictvm 


 Better sight lines to the stage, original cocktails, river view, and big names (nothing against Little Glen's or Reduta) :)


 [het narregst iseedb em] (1991) Woody Long, p:ted-bundy c:USA poin: 22


29  They are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


Just completed a 5.03 km run with  Check it out!  


Mechanical Bull is the best 2013 release after Pure Heroine. Kings of Leon never fail to impress.


 This week 2005 1st face transplant ever in France. Hardest part of the operation is getting the French surgeon to wash his hands


 though that would be cruel ... first moriarty, then moran? poor molly ;_;


I'm probably not gonna remember half the people in my class once I graduate in 3 years.


An Unconventional Hero Uses Comedy to Fight Hollywood Stereotypes  to do papers in that wind is an impossible task


Either a lift don't know where it is occuring. Many students and also teachers have the same feeling  A na Twitter by se mel davat zbrojni prukaz. Snad je to taky k pochopeni.


 Pool is in some strange state - 14 hours dont produce any Dogecoins!!!


Wallpaper Wednesday
Click the link, chose the right Festive wallpaper for your device, enjoy!   Maybe he'll learn to keep quiet occasionally! He has an opinion on absolutely everything that ever happens.


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 35 others  aowng eelwhs tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wagon wheels


    what we, European tweebas, should say? :(


  di naman.hahaha!!! Out of the blues ka kase.


  sorry chaps a little late on this.. When is   over? Would love to show him my little butchery as well )


Just finished my mama hair , she bucked she got her first sew in and don't even need weave .


 Yeah, its okay Dude. It just wouldnt have been the first time ;)


 I hate that. The other day I had the same who followed me &amp; it wasn't Rih. I was pissed!


Who said i can't wear my converse with my dress? Demi Lovato  


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  i can think of now is choking dirt in my hands and telling it what hideous creature it is but it's just fucking dirt like earthy stuff


Phineas and Ferb Mission Marvel... Oh my God... Super cute :D


  My exact thought... But according to it's style it's a fake-spoiler anyway


Your current intensity today could overpower others, but lucki... More for Taurus  work in a hospital. We use these simple wire baskets for processing tissue samples. Our hospital   harvested 609 of food!    


Wireless Sensors for Commissioning of Rail Vehicles     


Tethering works on  Thanks to  to pointing me to  kelly your hairs black ! Kelly: fuck you .. Kelly dads right there ..  


Check out this awesome site: TagVillage -   


 no christmas eve with family, I'm in Doncaster :D


 [teh amn how eidd ceiwt] (1958) Gerald Milton, p:murder c:USA poin: 22


There's a difference between who we love, who we settle for, and who we're meant for


   Mostly Sunny tomorrow! With a high of 10C and a low of 2C.


 doing the party season beauty editorial     4theRecord: v, e Metuzalem byl borec...? :D  


Don't kill yourself over a boy, he'll bring another girl to your funeral


Lb se mi video   Martin Garrix &amp; Jay Hardway - Wizard (Official Music Video) [OUT NOW]


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uefwi


 [rafeht gesoo] (1964) Jennifer Berrington, p:island c:USA poin: 12


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  (via Miranda Janine from Playboy -  15 / 15 |   Wait what?
I only cut my arm once (and then my legs because my parents started to check my arm). And yeah, it was the left one...


Fantasy is more important than knowledge, because knowledge is limited.


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 design back then... Oh dear. People knew how to shoot pics.  is 30 December 2013, sun is shining, temperature around 5C and FEW028. Our HAD and PES is prepared for...  Emmm. Calon tu banyak. Tapi, sorang pun belum datang meminang. Hahaha.


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           446


 [iedlv odg wdonsa] (1921) Helene Rosson, p:northwest c:USA poin: 16


 full of work dear only 4  collagues of 10 where there today all others on Christmas vacation :-)


You're more restless today than anyone realizes, but you're do... More for Virgo  It's sad how people claim they love and care about you. But replace you so quickly."


" I'm not perfect. I'll annoy you, make fun of you, say stupid things, but you'll never find someone who loves you as much as I do."


 Happy birthday :) and Merry Christmas :) wish Czech Republic and Slovakia :D


I've collected 14,950 gold coins!    


 Thanks for the nice words. It's bc we love Zac so much and want to interact with him lol :) 


I have completed the quest 'Build structures to yie...' in the  game The Tribez.   


I've collected 8,487 gold coins!    


If the lads setted up a group chat on whatsapp the amount of girls we would burn


 [lla gereotth] (1942) Clarence Nash, p:parade c:USA poin: 12


 this is not what I'd normally read before sleeping


Cinquenta e sete chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


I wake up with a good attitude every day. Then idiots happen.


 I hope he'll come to Germany soon ._. I'll give him a looooooooooooooong hug...and I want an autograph :3


All I want from this shit is memories made with Family an Friends


Drinking a Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout by  at    


Because Who is Perfect? |  | Healthy News and Information  via 


 [dulobe oangdr :3 hte tesotra ntsoe] (1991), p:fighting c:USA poin: 34


Saudis are the most active Twitter users in the world: Study  Robach Diagnosed With Breast Cancer After On-Air Mammogram  Too much  cosmetics? Aspartame colas, processed food


I've collected 100 gold coins!    


Blast Hits Area Near Afghan Loya Jirga Compound  


In my super comfortable bunny slippers, drinking green tea and watching my latest TV show obession  Come to me so we can drink cappuccino together. Seems luvely, innit?


It has been while since I tweeted last...too many things has changed...all becaus of starya...cheers ya filthy cunts


 [lesleyub] (1980) Jay Stewart, p:charity c:USA poin: 8


Why Venture Capitalists Don't Care About Your Pitch  via 


 roses are red
violets are blue
i'll fucking beat the fuck out of u 


My wish for us in 2014 &amp; beyond would be to feel no limits  mum: that zayn's sister is like zayn's girl lookalike..
well mum, u dont say, they're brother and sister.. no wonder they look the same


I've collected 12,525 gold coins!    


Jipast a.s.: Slackline extrmn sport pro vechny!!!  to* Harvard University Press - Harvard Press Podcast- The Missile Next Door -  on the way of  are introduced  a.k.a. new  project, don't know more :-)


Jameson with my brotha mirdamiramirecek         is a bridge without an official name. Yes, really-look at the map. You might find the name, that local people...  Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                           92


50  Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


By the way:  an        ...auch wenns unmodern geworden ist.


I just need a year off in Iceland. Courtesy of   Ossuary           Damn :( enjoy rest of holidays and see you next week!


I've collected 37,818 gold coins!    


 bat chichay ang name mo?? Crush mo yun anak ni rommel padilla nu??


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


 I was joking :-D you need maybe a personal PR-Manager?!? :-D :-D


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


  In our case especially strikers. We have dozens of talented midfielders but not that much strikers (and defenders).


 insta buy, also got officer Vi when it was released :D


 [msykei'c alga rmiepre] (1933) Walt Disney, p:red-carpet c:USA poin: 21


Christmas Trees, decorations and asthma:    


Good night and sweet dreams   needs a  and most don't need that coach to be an   should guide each other. - at  


 Idk all of that is the work of the young generation. :D But I'm a proud "old" Zattacker and Directioner! :P You "Beaveaber"


Wahnsinn... awesome....  in  im   Gladhouse  i love him too, looks like he lost a lot of weight too! :D (SERIOUSLY WATCH PRINCESS BRIDE HE WAS SO HANDSOME IN IT) no idea


semifinle MCR boxu Jicin 7 12 2013 +91kg Rudolf Halei vs Stanislav Brtek 3kolo mobil:  via 


 there is always extremely much to do ;-) and I am very much looking forward to the next steps. It's a lot of fun, you know ;)


draconian rules: 3,000 inmates serving life without parole for drug, property, other nonviolent crimes (2/2)


19  I love their chemistry.

Castle/Beckett   


 enyewe ni warembo na wahumble lakini bwana kunywa maji kidogo, I can hear you panting from over here! :P


5  They are a possibility for joy...

Castle/Beckett   


We truly kicked street harassment ass this year! In addition to the highlighted events, Ozvi se! / HollaBack!...  pretty slick! RT  This is a pretty sexy speaker. Might be forced to back it!  was the sweetest dream ever in the last eight months.  (at Dianti Catering Company)   a new song: "Thunder Attack (Original Mix)"  


Mission accomplished? Up to a point...: Pretending that we are departing Afghanistan as victors blinds us to...  out walking 6.10 km with  See it here:  memory of Nicole DeHuff who was born on January 6th, 1975 and died on February 16th, 2005.


Morgen 21 Uhr Live Garage  Evil Machine and support Laurin  person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  us and have mercy upon us, Our Lord, You are the Forgiving (al-Ghafur), the Merciful (ar-Raheem).


Highlights of dinner at estr Prague.          that one can get rid of commercials. Push business back to where it belongs - into stores. Not on public tv.   (4/5)


Just got my visa from the lord to the city of 2014, lets pray for safe trip but I know that my redeemer lives.


Watching the 100 greatest moments in raw history. Good stuff


 [teh abr] (2003) Justin Stewart, p:bar c:USA poin: 7


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 42


 time will tell, I've written this season off.....


2  Pls RT to vote for 
Castle 
Castle/Beckett  


You're doing "we both know what's really going on here" face.
Well we do.
No, I don't, which is why I find the face so annoying


News: A TRAITOR LIKE JUDAS - Live Video zum Song What Counts online :  have Festive Flashlight on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 Remind me not to give tou my spare key again.


 I just want to look better, feel better and  be better."


     this has to be one of my fave height difference pics ever ;;;;;


I dont understand all the hype around Pandora.  their bracelets r so ba$ic.. f the lucky charms lol


Podoba mi si film The Phones Show 216 (Lumia 625, Nexus updates) w    Aerotech Short Tail Quad 4 Turbo Record 1987  


Fiat 124 Abarth Rally na Rally 999 Minuti Historic 1 v Novae, Itlie. Foto Fulvio V.  (via  - Nigerian Bombshell - Model - Miami, Florida, US)  collected 55,717 gold coins!    


So,now the jury says 14:30. The audience is ready,the jumpers are as well. Some more  out of the jumpers' camp meanwhile? ;)


Ainda nao consigo o tempo certo pra cantar I Will Always Love You...


Stats for the day have arrived. 3 new unfollowers. Stats via     lol where u play, i go find that guy help u take revenge la okay. dont say i not bro


A relationship is like a job. You have to work hard to get in it and you have to work even harder to stay in it.


Jet k tm Hooverphonic: jako ochutnvku doporuuji Bad Weather, Devil Kind of Girl a Roadblock.


 [ruo anm tlfin] (1966) Roy Johnson, p:bikini c:USA poin: 13


As an  happiness is receiving a care package from home.  job bro and the seminoles on the win last night  when you can't feel anything, anything at all.


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


 Jawaban benar: the seduction of joe tynan,  26/335289 poin


In iOS 7.1 beta 2, Apple added button outlines to make the  look little bit more absolutely horrible...  [hte lnda feebor imte] (1988) Burke Byrnes, p:surrealism c:USA poin: 20


 This one was made by my grandpa &amp; uncle 30yrs ago - our traditional Xmas decoration. Wish you happy Christmas holidays too! :)


Considering Which Head or Heads May Roll for a Troubled Website Rollout 


 i dont have anything yet. Gotts prove myself spring ball


Continuing to watch the Duke game during class even though the professor is sitting right next to you  


Hi By Me And The Christmas Pinoccio Today 12.12.2013/J A Vnon Pinoccio Dneska 12.12.2013  only thing better than watching a hockey match at Sparta Stadium is watching it from a private booth. And why...  Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


72  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Police helicopter is flying around. Now I'm dead scared!!!!


Great, but I'll be impressed when it lands at my mailbox. ;-) |  | Students  Better Box  veer DJ set w Nietzschee, Xoxo bday, Cross club, start time 01:30  Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


 Hope its central enough, lots of good bars around P2 and 3, and any decent restaurants in P1 are more expensive


 seems quite far for me, I am close to the party venue :)


 [so wlle eremerebmd] (1947) Sydney Benson, p:newspaper c:UK poin: 18


Merry Christmas to all! Already open our gifts and always feeling blessed!


Partnerprogramm: Qatar Airways Gewinnspiel  (Lead 4019) - 0,40 EUR / Lead  weekly unfollower. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  broadcasting or movie projection? experiment 'povidani o umeni' by roman stetina...


So...Nina spending her Christmas time with Houghs! (Yeah,also with that Derek boy...!)  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 100


They say only fools fall in love .. they must of been talking about us !


I liked a  video  Major Lazer - Bubble Butt (feat. Bruno Mars, 2 Chainz, Tyga &amp; Mystic) - Directed by


 tnmoucde tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: document


Lb se mi video  od autora   Tom | Co je v mojem telefonu | What is my phone |


Senator Murrays Statement on Supreme Courts Decision to Hear Case on Womens Access to Contraception Under ACA  I think that similar articles always depends on the amazing photos you actually have in your folder :-)


I'm watching Almost Human 1x05 "Blood Brothers"  


Typical Friday night.      liked a  video  Antonin Dvorak - New World Symphony (Full)


These are the full command lines needed to build targets that have been upgraded to Xc5 on Xc4:  human experiences are we missing by adopting new technologies? | Bronwen Clune | Comment is free | theguard...  07 Jan 2014, let us all send Uwe Ochsenknecht the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (58)


Van Pain vs. Nigel Joe - Come And Fly With Me (Original Mix) Preview by Digital Room Records  on 


Nightwish   "I Wish I Had An Angel" with lyrics ( Tarja's finale with Ni...:  pes 


 it's as in when a girl/guy gives a slightly sexual comment or something.


Do you like mulled wine and traditional Christmas markets? Then come to Prague and the Old Town Square offer a...  autonehod zahynul hollywoodsk herec Paul Walker   Right easily. TKO RT  Left or right  I'm torn


Last places in workshop Getting Started with Office365, which is now available. Feel free to register on email info


Recommend me some nice app for photo effects, for Android, pleaseee.


Eddy Baker - Stand Still (Produced by Frank Flames &amp; Freezer):  pes 


I've harvested 1,350 of food!    


 Hahahhahaah :D Not a problem!! :D Do you like it? It is my all time favorite Xmas sweet!! :D


 made by linywentvegan          Praha versus Slavia Praha 3:0:  prostednictvm 


  Thanks for the RT, Andreas! Wishing you a happy new year and many safe and exciting travels in 2014!


My soundtrack:  "Ars Moriendi" by Mr. Bungle ( Santiago, Regin Metropolitana, Chile)   Barnsley seem to have a thing for pitch invading... remembering this  have never made a new years resolution ever believe it or not


Nikes on my feet keep my cipher complete       akovice, Prague  Newton The Last Magician  Biography - BBC:  - Excellent documentary the absolute Genius Isaac Newton!


One in four cloud providers will be gone by 2015 - Computerworld  Thanks for the RT! That chateau is very special and not many tourists seem to know about it.


"I could take your hand and feel your breath.."    an App Change How Students Prep for College Admissions?  coastline has been vulnerable to intrusion lately. More marine police personnels and high-tech speed boats needed.


San Francisco families could be at risk of radiation poisoning - report
  you forgot Clarksonics/Kellebrities/Misfits!  fans :)


 Always my friend. Hope you have a nice day. And thanks for voting.
Stana Katic  


But we are not in the business of public relations. Our duty is to educate, inform and entertain our readers- The Herald &lt;--- really?


 must be a robot because I swear she never sleeps and is always on twitter


Today's lecture is on schedule but we will start at 12:35 (running a bit late due to the traffic)! Wait inside room 206! WS


Time to spend some money.          My first shoot with the  One Camera in  a filmic 


     Beautiful Lady with  PiCs Posted Daily!




My favorite part is about to come up! I hope they show it. If they don't I will sit here in tears.


Ticket Sales for '12-12-12' Film Will Go to Hurricane Sandy Victims  it time to ditch the dummy text? via   


 some horses do though, it depends on the temperment of the animal.  I agree it is good to know why they do it though.


 but it had to take hours to make TT make sure to rest!:( ah really? It's really cloudy here and it should snow tomorrow :(


 [rptiiss fo hte llfa] (2008) Fiona Domenica, p:halloween c:UK poin: 19


 Yes, as I said to my friend..."Pink is a new black...especially with glitters"


Only for the chosen ones:) have a nice Trance Holidays: LINK :...  only made first fly wing pic with our prototype, needs still work...   That's the best thing u can do on Xmas &amp; enjoy it! :-) xx


Official  PRAGUE 2013 AFTERMOVIE :))) ~  Moooc luxusn akce to byla. :-) U aby byl zimn LIR! &lt;3 :)))


 "You are never going to get a job if you sit around playing computer games." yes because thats what all benefit claimants do


 IMMORTALITY: It's our nature to yearn for immortality It's always been, will   


Lets Play Together Sim City 5  Weitere Planungen [DEUTSCH] [HD]:  ber 


The sad thing is most people will think he is the crazy one.  T. J. Jemison, Civil Rights Pioneer, Dies at 95 


All Christmas pressies wrapped and ready for early Christmas with my family tomorrow  :-)


 lots of good music this year, as with most years. Love the new San Fermin record, for example.  into town to drive past a woodpile with a phone number sign so we can call the people and buy wood from them


 iuy usa oud si tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: yiu sau dou si


 happy birthday dude !!! watching you skate is like watching ballet !!!! thank u !!  greets from czech


Just met the singer Mahendere while he was bringing he's dad's life certificate, andiwana ndiriBoss!


Firefox 28: Australis ist da:  via      


Material Monday: New Finishes for High Detailed Stainless Steel  


Bookmarked this photo to put any future bad days in perspective. You can be sad, or you can be   


this cute guy sat next to me on the bus and he was listening to you me at six aw


(I wouldn't wanna piss off Pertwee btw, almost wanna give Hurndall a hug!)


62 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


I've harvested 1,435 of food!    


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 [l:poyyab sgilr fo oseroth] (1994) LeToa Francis, p:nipples c:USA poin: 25


Working on success through positive mental attitude.


 got them purple powerranger tights on in that avi lmao


"power is a force." hm. I expected something smarter to come from Alastair Cambell's mouth. he's more Julius Nicholson than Malcolm Tucker.


 really? :o omg i love your Eyes I wish I have your Eyes 


I'm playing Football Chairman and I'm trying to get FC Paloma  to the top!  BOL. The security guard checked we were properly attired in leads and muzzles and then smiled approvingly


 I knooow, and the weather's just so blah, going back to bed just seems like the only thing to do, lol. But I gotta study... -.-


Lb se mi video  od autora   West Ham away in the concourse at half time


Auses just walked over the English in the first test match in the ashes series.


Anyone can run away, it's super easy. Facing problems and working through them, that's what makes you strong.  EDM Mix             stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Jawaban benar: the mad love life of a hot vampire,  34/323213 poin


 Jawaban benar: this ain't bebop,  16/8791 poin


Wed, 11 Dec 2013, let us all send Enrico Macias the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (75)


  thanks, but I wrote a kickass eulogy. BUT THIS IS NOT AOUT ME IT'S ABOUT AMBERS FRIEND PRAY TO THE ALLFATHER


" new IDGAFOS merchandise online :)   I NEED THAT NIRVANA KITTY ONE OMG


Kiss me and make me wish i'd never kissed anyone else before


 I don't know why don't you call barclays on 0800 890 5632 and ask them for my account balance feeekkkk man FUCK SAKES!!


Today's 3pm tournament is underway. Late registration is available until 5pm (level 6) 


  If this really is real I can see the Livestream Chats already:
NO
NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
FUCK NOOOO
wat
NOOOOOOOOO
noo!


so I've started this new challenge of mine - take a look if you want to ;)    


I've collected 10,582 gold coins!    


        Thank you! 


 [het hanguint of m.] (1979) Stephan Hartford, p:mansion c:USA poin: 18


 well in kinda school it's not exactelly school as school


Innovative_Bibliotheken is out!  Stories via   


napalm records on google music?  with alestorm, van canto and gloryhammer


1 Peter 3:12     The Lord watches over those who do what is right, and he listens to their prayers. But he is against those who do evil.


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 to jsou dementi.  hey you, follow her. 


Thanks for following     (via  I can give you a consoling hug but please don't crush my bones... '&gt;_&lt;


    this is my warrior...check it out... patch 5.0.5


 please!     


 and tiro sounds like from the absolution era or something


 have a safe travel to nott enjoy the timr with you lovely ones and stay strong by the storm haha


  basicaly more RAM u can get the better (i have 8GB) and do 64bit operation system, way better than 32


TOP20 2013  209: 20.  - This Is Upstep (Original Mix) 


 here...me needs some torture...    


 Europe in Turkey, Turkey in Europe. Well laid case for Turkey being perceived as embedded in European history


2013: A Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Year for the Tech Industry - Christopher Mims - The Atlantic  have no idea how can people with depression wake up every day early lol


I just added "Bestial Wolf | New Fork Promo" to Mac Creative:  liked a  video  Celldweller - Unshakeable (Official Music Video)


I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Sobota: NAZAR, a -67%"  morning. Current condition is Fog and the temperature is 2 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 15, 2013 at 07:13AM.{Automa...


 [dpcpooke yappp] (1940) Margie Hines, p:popeye c:USA poin: 14


 I do actually see this in mentions :) Sorry for the wrongful accusation. So what does it mean? :)


Interesting Black Friday result  people are buying silver and gold with bitcoins | Dendax blog  from zero to hero with  +     just telling me a bunch of syndromes miley cyrus probably has. This has been going on for 15 minutes


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


After movie Transmission The Machine of Transformation. Check it out.

Next Transmission The Spiritual Gateway...  survey of shopping center managers on Top 3 success factors: 1)Tenant mix 2) Acquiring key tenants 3) Events 


28  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


" eighth centurion, Frank Lampard, was presented with commemorative awards-   tired today, but already looking forward to meeting the family tomorrow


Ubunchu! -  Probably the best thing about Ubuntu ^_^


  live stream is not working in europe, please fix it...thank you


  check your privilege. It wouldn't be so bad if there was an ounce of transparency or credibility, hence the "butthurt"


Porsche wants you to 3D print &amp; customize your own Cayman  


Photo: bienenkiste: "New York - Sunday 07.11.10". Photographed by Yelena Yemchuk for Grey Magazine  of the Day (Stop Motion):  prostednictvm 


I laugh whenever I look at the app that let's me see who unfollows me on IG


May this new year, bring love, joy and even more success in your life. Wish you all a very Happy New Year!!!


 eh where were you during the ending of kbs gayo????? were you like stuck in the toilet or smth


 normal mate. We're on top. Peoples got jealous, haters gotta come around.


  lol eh no prob la bro. hahahah no need treat la sia(:


   ty vis koho miluju:) ale vsichni z O2 hrajou skvele Gordon, Smart a besthraci chybeli jabari, randle a wiggins za CAN


Mon, 16 Dec 2013, let us all send Liv Ullmann the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (75)


 Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. ~ T.S. Eliot  just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile.  


Fotografia: skate-and-dreads: Fotos de Tattoo | via Facebook no We Heart It....   It might not look as nice, but it's cheeper, faster, and has a keyboard dock.


I've collected 33,394 gold coins!    


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 4 JAN, Song  SMOKESTACK LIGHTNING  LP Off the wall 1969  Smokestack lightnin'


Home was here last night - although I don't remember much about it ( Hotel ern Orel)  Jawaban benar: internationally speaking,  24/1987 poin


 playing, from the heart. 


 [het ntesedvura of otm asryew] (1938) Margaret Hamilton, p:boy c:USA poin: 28


I've collected 18,814 gold coins!    


I got seriusly bad headake. Know why? Coz the rum is gone! And vodka too. I'm out of booze and I don't know how to get it...


 [ciogcha eaenildd] (1949) Shepperd Strudwick c:USA poin: 16


Things that keep me up at night: Thinking about being worthless,heat, late night texting, memories, over thinking, worries, the internet.


 just sent me an email from 6 time zones away to let me know that she's craving chicken nuggets


I'm at Kongresov centrum Praha | Prague Congress Centre w/   ltsdweana tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wasteland


 F Max Pacioretty is 16th player to score hattrick this season. Noone has more than 1 hattrick.


We are 1 of 9 finalists at    Read more at    


 Darlin don't say a word cause I've already heard what your body's saying to mine 


It's all about Christmas        May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


 nv. All the guides just dont tell me how to start after getting the software.


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


 hopefully on thursday yay :3 Now you told me another thing you like yay :3


  Dear Justin!I will NEVER forget about you!Ask me in twenty years again!I will be a belieber 4ever! &lt;3  house tho..       brighton beach  hardly. YOU restricted it to the first three, Apothecary is included in the whole recipe...


Anyone using building contractors in Calgary Alberta, avoid Cornerstone Homes:  earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


I need to meet  &amp; have a full on conversation with her, a big hug &amp; me give her some gifts!


 not home yet, waiting for the train now! and u?


" Wear a condom if she has a apostrophe inserted in her first name." 


  Cannot wait for the presentation finally!


Medical Examiner Rules Hacker Barnaby Jack Died of a Drug Overdose   Rychlost  je sice krasna, ale co na to  ;-)


 [evren cngmio kcab] (2008) Morgan Llewelyn-Jones, p:end-of-war c:UK poin: 17


    I'll try, but it's hard.  Arrived 1h ago, sunshine &amp; blue sky, I must be a good girl ;-)))


I've harvested 830 of food!    


If you, like me, have a problem with plantar fascitis, try Joga. Apparently is working :)


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


1. speaker: Adrian A. Basora, director of Project on Democratic Transitions,  (Foreign Policy Research Institute), Philadelphia


 actually yes it was great but now all i wanna know is whats going on now! The end is so open and damn! Haha yes you should go


   and we thank u soo much that you in the Film We Love you xoxox


Today stats: 2 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed one person via  More splendid screenshots from our community:  ..Play dead..resounds the silence in my heart .. | via Tumblr on We Heart It....  best team I ever had  they have just organized a surprise birthday celebration for me ;-) THANK YOU!  takpelah memey . aku dah tengok pun vedio die . Seriously scary gile weyh ! ://


 I was thinking so long who could be the pattern of your acting,dear James...today I realized finally!  Awesome Items That Youll Want for Your Pockets and Suitcase   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


i want to make christmas cards
is it too late to make christmas cards


 We wish! No, we're not a pub, but a website about pubs. And sadly, we haven't run across any Lagunitas here.


Never say never and believe your dreams ,everythings possible.No matter what the others say .Its your life.


Russian Nukes Supply 10% of U.S. Power, But That's About to Change  :D ive found twitter some 6 month ago or so. glad, that i gave u an ides, follow it, ok?


Dear iTunes, I'll give you one day to fix your problem and then...


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.19C, Marc 21.25C ac foris 1.0C vre esse.


Always the same! :D If somebody is singing "Pain is" I always understand "Penis". Haha. :D


 [raddnbe a oracwd] (1935) Jack Cheatham, p:robber c:USA poin: 16


 PDair B41 Black Leather Case for Nokia 808...  ! To jest to ! Cezary Pazura the best aktor ever .


 Dwyane Wade Gabrielle Union e-ring worth $350,000!  wkw "  kakak sering dibully temen atau ngebully temen?"


Lover and loving are inseparable n timeless. I may try to describe abt love,bt I'm speechless. I may write abt love,bt I'm rendered helpless


Hudba! RT  &lt;3 Convoi Exceptionnel (feat Mr Alexis Fleisig) by Tom Palucha  on 


 to be fair I don't have a tv or living room and have to share a room haha


What Number 10 really thinks of the Gove v Clegg feud: Dave rightly gets the big headlines this morning. His n...  just found and used  app for online conversion pdf to mobi (e-book)... Wow.. Nice :)


Follow The Light in the tunnel with Bastien Marlin.
  [eth cepsnirs oemsc sscaro] (1936) Jack Raymond, p:bandleader c:USA poin: 25


 [mroa bsu rs:oa eht setrce udenr hte reos] (2006) Victor Campos, p:hannibal c:USA poin: 40


"  I'm watching you!  Langar I if you see something just say the line!


Prague's Lord Mayor smiling on as Joanna Helander's bravery in face of WP -68 invasion is honored today


Okay I want to sleep but I guess Cedrik has been my room mate for 2 years and I will wait yes yes. Zzzzzz


Handmade compact pocket mirror Polymer clay with zirconium cubes and Swarovski   


Devan!!  You're a wonderful Lady!! Your birthday is a special time to celebrate the gift of "you" to the world.


When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot



Czech handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


Fascinating read about the polio eradication campaign in Afghanistan &gt; The Surge - Wired Science  via 


 you're a star, you know? :-) me and  thought of t-shirts in Irish flag colours ... Two of each colour as there


Got an iOS device? Get Lipa Zoo for FREE...       you had to, obviously! :D. I still have my iPad 2 around, it might be a while till I upgrade.


you could be my DJ, i'm your record come on mix me up, you could be my lollipop let me, let me lick you up


For the record, AMERICAN HUSTLE was great! Knockout performances and great filmmaking. Dragged in some parts. 9/10 Bale Weightgains!


The Most-Searched Entertainment Electronics of 2013  feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more." - Jonas Salk


Just a quick heads (or ears?) up that our winter sale has just begun! There are quite a few Alice items - and we...  Cambodian workers continue battling for their rights after violence    just wondering if they really say it like that in Japanese cuz no one ever says it in Czech, just KLDR


 Oo nga eh. That means it is so true at dapat paniwalaan... Tsk. People's narrow mindsets. :|


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 13 others  Cat's Guide To Taking Care Of Your Human:  via 


  she mean she is in the 2nd week! And I say fake!


Goodnight to all my friends &amp; followers. Sleep well, sweet dreams. 


 [hte ulslks] (2000) Pedro Salvn, p:college c:USA poin: 10


RiFF RAFF x LEX LUGER - Raiders vs Hawks (Official Video):  via 


MEPs vote to stop meeting in two places  but the vote is quietly squashed: Last month, to their credit, MEPs ...  hehehehe :D its okay im easily contented. see some guys photo happy alr. LOLOL WOOPS HAHAHAHA


Ten Facebook je desnej. Vcera sem se tam po 5 mesicich pripojil a musim rici....sileny  ...


Dezoito chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 Aww, thank you! :-D But I don't need them bc I really enjoy it so I can add it to my "happy times" ;)


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 inbound Atento afaik nerob a outbound nie je care. Nerte bludy


Judge Dismisses Apple Data-Privacy Lawsuit and Other News You Need to Know  you care about managing well, and don't want to be a bad manager, you are already doing better than many people"


 [ciinizltaivo :iii ypal teh wolrd] (2002) c:USA poin: 32


This week on twitter: 3 new followers and followed 19 people via  , those are always cute . Too bad I never get em .


Signs your girlfriend is going to break up with you. Comedy writing written by this  guy  i just ate about my weight in chocolate :)))  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH good for u  tomorrow it's supposed to be 75, saturday it's supposed to be 52 . " that's decent weather


There is hot sauce in this house, whhhhaaaat is life


Apparently last night I cuddled a sock. One of those airlines give you for free on overnight flights.


Its a main character of the game we are working on now. He is a nice guy leaving in a dangerous world  liked a  video from   Mike Koenigs 2014 Business Marketing Predictions, Strategies &amp;


Good morning!! A week's worth of  lessons ahead of me! I have the cutest children :)  D.S.


Hepi nyu ye jelekkkk hha RT  Happy new year my big brother  {}


 no and i don't want to know until i get the dvd


just finished a Runtastic strength training in 1h 15m with  PRO iPhone app:  Thanks 4 the tip on "The Essential Scratch and Sniff Guide to becoming a Wine Expert" on    evening worth it. Nice light of  scattered clouds, frozen pond and  colors. What more can a  ask for?


za 5 minut zan prodej limitovky Batman Detective Comics ...jste online???


 hi, i wanna say that, I DO NOT LIKE Q MOR. NO CURLY HAIR. NO. CAN YOU CUT YOUR HAIR ALSO.


 [norco' awgd] (1951) James MacDonald, p:hunting c:USA poin: 11


Pulling an early-bird stunt later (let's hope I don't die, I did curse it recently)


hahah dok ingat keputusan malaysia dok no1 laqi berpagaq tu. rupanya lorong 1 -,


 [dboosyo!c-o cmpa esacr] (2010) Matthew Lillard, p:specter c:USA poin: 22


It's 2am and I want to sleep but I haven't lost a game on NHL14 all night! I think this tweet may have jinxed it though. lol


The 38 Most Haunting Abandoned Places On Earth. For Some Reason, I Can't Look Away...   Interesting thought. Can you elaborate? Thx!


 nevalidni argument. Po tom, co jsem delal komusi do skoly hyperpokrocile spreadsheety v LO musim rict, ze jim nic nechybi :)


   maybe from one of those "hardworking families" Cameron likes so much?


Also love related  video map that  cites, tracking whalers' routes in blood-red:   


Kyle Korver bout to set a new "consecutive games w/ a 3" record


 for sure not inside of every helmet x) that would be so expansive, he has hundreds!


Going to take you apart
I'll put us back together at heart, baby


 [eth agkinm fo tl'ota e'lalrc] (1990) William Sandell, p:interview c:USA poin: 28


Kau copy tweet orang ea? lajunye kau update tweet dowh -,- kat tl muka kau jee yg menyemak ..


Check out 'busem Przez Swiat Australia on 26.12.2013 10:52' previously... to Czech  team!   


ter 10.12. - Dj Karlos - Ladie's Night

Bastila club zve vechny sv fanynky na tern Ladie's Night. Dvky,...  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.94C, Marc 21.63C ac foris 0.25C vre esse.


I'm at Hollywood Megaplex (St. Plten, Niedersterreich) w/ 3 others [pic]:  tanteee windaaaa ()  Waaahh, happy bday mbk sri canteeek &amp; modish  Selamat natal yaaaa  :)"


 yrlra oictlnn nad hsi rehcrstao tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: larry clinton and his orchestra


53 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


I've collected 21,273 gold coins!    


  lol i think should b e series 1 next year lol.


Old and stilll perfect :)

Music for One Apartment and Six Drummers  memory of Vincent Winter who was born on December 29th, 1947 and died on November 2nd, 1998.


 don't give up yet love, you gotta be strong for him and for youself, you hear me? please don't give up till it is over.


idk.. When someone annoying asks you "Do you think you're smarter than me?" is it wrong to say that you do?


this sofa is so comfy and there's a fireplace in the room so   24yrld -&gt; just get there and make it happen- story in less than 2 min. 
 with narrow minds usually have broad tongues


Aker set for more sell-offs after switching focus from growth to profits    


ivotabudi!         show in Prague pic with nyisha!       Divadlo Broadway  Proves Glasses Are Cool, For Four-Eyed 4-Year-Old  weird about that.! RT  Playing 'date, marry, avoid' at  HQ.  blond, but curly, a bit fatter. Six sounded very First in his first moments... TBH no idea he was mean after the evens of Caves...


Sometimes you never know the real value of a moment until it becomes a memory.


 there's hardly any space under my bed so that's pretty impressive actually


Param ok istediim lke'de yaarm m sanyorsun? Git bir dene bakalm yaayabilecekmisin? Her yerde yabancsn ..NAH yaarsn NAH


itacom GmbH - Groupware Lsungen - Security - itacom Reverse Proxy - BlackBerry fr Tobit und...  [ywh i owre pclkstii ot ym tcmmeaosty] (2006) Michelle Suppa, p:tattoo c:USA poin: 36


Sooo my tablet and mobile phone are fully loaded I AM READY for  


4th December I will be moving to another universe! :)   sister's idea of getting me to do her favors basically consists of torturing me until I do so. And sadly, it works 99% of the time.


Of all the songs in this Beyonce album my favorite is Jealous. Rona re tse di hurt tlheng :''D aaah


 WELCOME TO NEW YEAR 2014!  At the beginning of the new year, you have to start from the energetic music. :)  i imagine birds as white but there's a brown one and francis would be black and but i can't imagine them being various colours ggg


Bad 80's music and German commercials that I can kinda understand. Watching Czech tv


I've collected 14,744 gold coins!    


Photoset: roxy-ladytron: Bryan Ferrys handwritten note on the retro of an article from Melody Maker, about...  Opens Glass Sign-Up and Other News You Need to Know  catwithninelives: Its goodnight from me  hersheyjerzey: 9 Photos of Lay/Yixing | Asked by: yixingology  hi hun, I'm fine, thank you... How's you? ... It's windy and foggy here, how's the weather in Australia babe? X


I love yogurt. But I don't like the way it's spelled..


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 justine please follow me ... you don't know what it means to me :)) PLEASE !!!!! &lt;3


Facebook to Launch Autoplay Video Ads and Other News You Need to Know  collected 14,515 gold coins!    


I hate cheesy happy ends in movies ... that's so not real life ... :/


Missing beautiful   ...   near the city of  !!  from an anti-virus company claiming to be a security patch? It's Zbot/Zeus malware...  and I have just kicked off our 5-city Scandinavian concert tour in Stavanger! Next up, Copenhagen!


Job Opportunity: German HelpDesk - Relocation Support Possible in Prague, Czech Republic  


Be Blessed - Bishop Paul S. Morton (Gospel) very nice
 rescuers thwarted w/in sight of icebound  ship in  Air rescue may be in cards.  new job ads  (Interconnects and Analytic)...click here to see all vacancies:   they only impressionable for ignorance tho smh


 Oh thanks ;) I wasn't sure if past tense is with t or d 8-)


3D print your own Venus de Milo and Winged Victory of Samothrace  


27 Surreal Places To Visit Before You Die   via 


   if you were a part of the new year celebrations you could be... Belle? D.S.


Absolute Software Can Find Stolen Smartphones (If Only AT&amp;T, Verizon And Sprint Will Let It) -  just wrote some wisdom for you.. 10 dos and donts for better designers life      -nice that you have now found me! -:) (via  chachi ..please :/ make my christmas better :) follow me please! :( &lt;33 love you.


od 670 K anglitina online 7 dn v tdnu 24 hodin denn
Kurz obecn anglitiny s Cambridge Institute! Nastal...  moment, when you show a portfolio of your the most amazing girlfriend to a Japanese guy, and he just keeps repeating Kawaii 


 sorry bro. so you took your leave earlier in the year? I've done that a few years running but this time saved it all for the end


So take a look at me now, there's just an empty space. There's nothing here  Against All Odds by    the first exam before Christmas my Uni gave to me, a marketing exam question about STP....


I never thought losing weight would be this easy.  lol
Just started this twitter thing today lol
 I get some followers


No more dreaming like a girl so in love with a wrong wooooorld   


all these people getting engaged and having kids, and I'm like I cant even get a GOOD man hahaha


 10 qestisnuo fro het ldiaa laam tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: 10 questions for the dalai lama


Kubica will be one of the motorsport stars in 2014, that's for sure. "Janner ERC: Robert Kubica leads after day one"  with Susanachocolate in a Live Adult Video Chat Room Now  


  is making these classes go by real quick I think I'm gonna disown you


 if you wan't 100% results: Fixed frame rate and screenshoting inside the game itself -&gt; PNG files -&gt; conversion to GIF.


Well,  is hitting the spot, finally video I can relate to in year or so  for this beautiful lady&lt;3  Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


 ni ym seepl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: in my sleep


I like being nice to people that doesn't make me fake or a pushover, I do it because it makes me happy 


 [asuaubh - krbeon gwnsi] (2006) Mirjam Novak, p:bauhaus c:USA poin: 22


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x58


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  felt in love with one of you, dear followers. 


Tecnologa Gadget Programming is out!  Stories via 


Apparently some girl showed her boobs to  that&amp; why they started to laugh lol    geschossen   in the hood  yeah! the stand with the best and most beautiful dressed women - looking fwd! 


        Thanks and  :)


Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and 1 unfollower via  confirmed that my mom and I are twins when it automatically tagged both of us as me...


 YAHMAN I REALIZED HAHAHAA. altho its only 50mins short, its fun-filled! they each person eat one chicken see who finish all then


  This photo never fails to make me smile :)  I'm not sure :) basically opposite of what Zynga has.


 my dky! Aspon treba vic lidi objevi kouzlo twitteru:)


 Christmas greetings from Germany  dear Luv u:-)  [coefef nda ulagngae] (2001) Janis DeLucia Allen, p:novelist c:USA poin: 19


 Jawaban benar: geung si sin sang,  17/87843 poin  1/346495 poin


so this is x-mas ;): lifes too short not to be italian.  memory of Carole Landis who was born on January 1st, 1919 and died on July 5th, 1948.


. now six months later at  by  &amp;  The Future of Energy is on tomorrow's agenda


Assisti a "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Revelations" s3ep7  


 News: Space: Smart Solutions for Smart Cities - 19/11/2013On the evening of 6 November, the European Space...  change the icon of my nsfw twitter to that fish


 napasign ko na yung akin ++ did you give your evaluation blah blah na?


 Black is always in style. Happy shopping!  Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 gd


 lol I don't fuck anymore... wait shh shhhh where's my books!!


listening to "Melodica" from  since some time again. how great was this ep? goddamn!


Best deals on iOS and OS X software for Black Friday weekend  I used my Christmas gift (sick ass hockey stick) and broke my kid's gift. (Some bullshit my wife bought.)


Kahlil Gibran~ The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns the pessimist stares at the thorns oblivious to the rose.


 Hola! Look at my polish version of "Podemos"  What do you think about it? :) ps. you're beautiful &lt;3


 Funnily enough, I say the same thing about  and  :)


 sometimes in our lives we all have pain we all have sorrow but if we are wise we know that there's always tomorrow lean on me when


its yet another 2014 mrning and i certainly think things will b diferent this yr


Just got today's  sticker. Get yours in the next 4h:41m.   


*Scenario while watching TV with mommy! 
Me: Mi san ba yung remote! ang lakas ng TV! then suddenly!!  of Iranian Films in Svetozor between Jan 8 and 12. Tickets available, program at    hey, thanks for installing Routie 2.2 beta so fast! How do you like the new UI for choosing map type (OSM)?


If you're not wearing a Santa hat all day today, you hate Christmas.


 +++ kfr et, pas verme, gicik et, kiymetin artiyor. hey ulan hey bu dnya var :)


 Jawaban benar: african diary,  13/372669 poin  1/353028 poin


Good morning. Current condition is Clear and the temperature is 3 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at December 26, 2013 at 07:58AM.{Auto...


 cirk lso:ynrde lnyo hte ruhtt si nunyf tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rick reynolds: only the truth is funny


 okay, it's fixed now, can you please take another look?


I liked a  video  Bologna Juventus 0 - 2 (Highlights partita, 15 giornata)


 Tickets ab 22. November. Motto: Into the wild.  Augh! Snow Patrol = meh. Maybe a funkier or better known funk song will do the trick next time 


. had better have a good reason for cancelling   :((


 i can't listen to any music rn my head would split in half lol


   nic se nedje:) tady je ten mj krystof.wagner( a diky.


I am pretty tired at school today. 
I blame Sherlock :D


Cannot believe how much we've crammed in already and we still have a packed day ahead tomorrow! Prague is such a beautiful city 


 can't wait for Transmission tonight! Could you please play the remix of Tidal Wave? ;)


6 Free Fonts for your Projects | Freebies  via 


Mushroomland. Creepy as fuck. What the hell, Poland.  After more or less disastrous trips to Ike and Gilly I finally amassed enough Science to complete the tech tree. Success! 


awwwn , Geilson flw qe eu tenho qe ir pra nova almeida nas ferias '


 My Segesta Diary is now on my blog with more photos:
 I have no idea but here is what was on it!  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 10


"Im going to pick on TDD since its among the most dogmatically advocated practices Ive encountered"  news briefing  Jan. 7, 2014: Works of Czech-born artist to be borrowed from New Zealand for exhibit inPlze in 2015;Temel...


 gogo, u work, Ill be running in center, not work but some things need to be done today...


I was told I have a Brit accent today, I can't hear it


You are the only one who know who I am, who I'm not and who I wanna be.


Our latest game - Heroes of Solitairea - is out! Check it out here:  is a nice instruction: How to   /  for free. 

Watch this:  Happy Birthday &lt;3 Merry Christmas &lt;3 Lots of carrots &lt;3 How much would you give me follow ;/ &lt;3


 yep i have, frick i love both those fics so much i've lost count of how many times i've reread them lmao


Google: Data Requests From Governments On The Rise - CBS Local  


 1D/Selena is the most mainstream pop... Ellie is actually electropop/synthpop. That's a quite difference.


Check out  a design show with great tips for designers, by designers:  *ad


It's set driving down with mikek212 spending a week starting 2014 with a clear mind weighing options  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Damn I have no time to make new ones so can at least enjoy my older wallies of  and   gzelsin &lt;3  Lord Of The Rings Set: Concerning Hobbits, In Dreams, Bilbo's Birt  Mithril  


Gesundes und gesegnetes Jahr, happy and blessed year to all of you all over the world. Ich freue mich auf ein super spannendes Jahr 2014.


14 Weird Christmas Stock Photos That Make Your Holidays Look Normal  cheer: "Developer Productivity Report 2013How Engineering Tools &amp; Practices Impact Software Quality &amp; Delivery"  bundled up and ready for the Dallas game!      mana pulak aku hack twitter kau. Free-free kena babi haish 


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:57, noon 11:59,  16:02 CET (UTC+1), December 19 | daylength 8h 5m


Shared this with my buddy  -    did amazing work on Zeleno    and  10 Tech Products We Lost in 2013  via 


"  you come home from work and you find these two in your bed  I would laugh so hard  :D


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Added to my wish list! RT   Bulgaria was my favorite for sure. Such a wonderful place and insanely cheap. 


My take on Merkel's recorded confrontation w/ Yanukovych  kyc  A couple sharing a ride on a Vespa scooter in front of the Colosseum in Rome, 1952   Oh yeah, so you can stick to getting nNokia phones.


The Velocity of Digital Business | Pokeshot///SMZ -   Patrick's review of the book  by  &amp; 


Anonymous users can now pay for assassinations online with 
  ma energickou prednasku o SEO a affiliate - delejte to ciste a pro dlouhodoby uzitek


 its time for Pak Media persons to disclose "off The Record" of Pak Politician to the public that "are they really against the Drone?


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Discover the  Men's and Women's Shoe Precollections and consider the possibilities.  Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Google  (search engine results page) in 2014.   is about ensuring a Continuous Flow of Goods, transportation , Energy , People , Fluidics and Media (Streaming) with Sensors and Actors


 la mquina tejedora impulsada por tweets       being dispossessed twice in a minute. Are you Anderson in disguise?


The surprising reason we have a 40-hour work week (and why we should rethink it)  via 


V ptek vychz Bravely Default, velkolep JRPG pro Nintendo 3DS. Mrknte na launch trailer:   ak xjatuh sempat balance, fariq lompat takut moto jatuh..


And th en Francis said he wants portals, and suddenly there were portals


 thanks Palma you too have a beautiful day hugs and kisses


Happy to be able to make our subscriber's wish reality aka Marriage proposal at  concert:  via 


It is going to be -11 when I leave for work. It will be Hoth cold! 


 I love youuuuuu. It's getting harder but I will get there :) lets have fun tomorrow


In 2014, I declare Him Jehovah Multiplication. He will multiply me. What is your name for God?


preciso estudar para a segunda parte da prova de mat de amanha The Walking Dead  


28  Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


    Join the GameTube Eliteforce and gain access to the LP LiveStream. We also have a drone


 why is impossible you know that i love you so fucking much?


Very cool: The First   App For iPad Nails Tablet Shopping With Clever Gesture And Image Focused Interface      even got complimentary fruit basket :-)


Sagittarius. Horoscope Series: Drawings from Sell-Arts  BACKTRACK - Neues Album Lost In Life als Stream online :  [sawdoh csrehsa] (1985) Michael Swan, p:dark-power c:USA poin: 14


     Go to Perform in Czech ( Prague )  See Ya in Anaheim,CA


MemSource Editor 3.137 and lower will not connect to MemSource Cloud anymore from now on. Install the latest version  to terminus technicus.
-Hele j nevim, na Transformery jsem nikdy nekoukal.




Awesome pic!!! :D    today on   worst part of life is when all of your friends find their partners and you're the odd one out


 hahaha nn da o zayn  muito seduzente mesmo One Direction  


 hope you won't find any but in case you do .., that unfollow button is pretty easy to press. Good luck!


 I spent also a lot of time in the hospital,but it is tragic  during the Christmas.


Done :)  Get the right start to 2014. Only 2 days left to get 50% off a whole year of Wunderlist Pro.  suggestions on Barcelona bars to unload euros from prosperous currency trading?


   !!   Prask hrad | Prague Castle  please follow me for make my christmas better  :(


7 people followed me // automatically checked by  Season 2 ang tagal mooooooooooooooo. Daw mapatay nakoooo T.T


 IT2 and the rest of them speeds up your rebuilding process 10 fold


DISFARAR MEU CINISMO E DIZER 'N SOU MAIS DISSO' MAS DOI MEU CORAO, EU N CONSIGO DIZER NAOO


 then breakfast and  followed by the afternoon in Prague. I love my life.  D.S.


Daft Punk mixed with Anamanaguchi and Queens of the Stone Age? Anything is possible with   I never pray, but tonight I'm on my knees yeah.  nowy film na playlicie w  [HQ] The Dark Knight Soundtrack - OST - Hans Zimmer &amp; James Newton Howard (complete) 


 Wow. Very can't stop doing that. Much addict. wow.


 stalker-ish because I want to know everything and catch up with other fans sobs


Michael Bubl live
Friday 24 January 2014
Michael Bubl
O2 Arena

Michael Bubl has sold over 45 million...  with Us - Vote for           


I've harvested 11 of food!    


My Top 3  Artists: Krimh (21), Corrosion Of Conformity (19) &amp; Incubus (17)  Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


 Maybe a  question is more appropriate here? Not sure I get enable without scanning


Fallout, Fallout 2 e Fallout Tactics free on  don't know how long!  


I liked a  video  Top 10 Christian Fails Of 2013


 thanks babe... I know I'm asking a little too much for the first opportunity to even see Shane live, but I can't help it.. Had


 aww.you are so sweet!! merry christmas to you!! &lt;33


The only thing more shocking than the truth are the lies people tell to cover it up.


Attending  lecture on Creative Commons 4.0 at   Benefits of Vitamin B12 - Does Coffee Rob Your Body Of B-12?:  pes 


Hmm yerps takde crush pun. Tak minat, cewahh haha. Sudah patah hati, buat apa nak suka lagi right? Em haah ngan batu hahaha 


 nightly ( supports   variables:  Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via 


I wonder if there's a Fall Out Boy song wich name doesn't fit into a tweet 
fall out boy 


   dude I just found that picture yesterday, from I think Funky Buddha?


In memory of Lee Remick who was born on December 14th, 1935 and died on July 2nd, 1991.


They say the pyramids might have been built by aliens that look like the statues from easter island. 20 foot giants


When the beer and food is so good it distracts you from the shitty service


How to invest like Warren Buffet in Czech property  this crappy weather better not interfere with Walking Dead tonight!


Abstract photography  BANNER  street photography by MagicSky  via 


 handsome maximum so skinny so tall somemore ;A;


A taky ABSOLUTNE KONCIM s tim,co po me furt chcete!Chteli ste tohle, udelala sem to, tamhleto, udelala sem to, a kde sem skoncila? V HAJZLU!


The Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via 


Great show! RT TUNE IN!  on  Huge thanks to  + 


Also checkout  performance WITH  They totally rocked the house!  beze m! :(( ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 14 others)  is my bio full of references? oh yeah coz I love references


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x16


 the pic is epic - Monreal?! Who is Batman? What had Jenk done wrong to be Robin? There is PARK!


 and Most of all they have favorite human and this is you my dear hugs Luv u  


(c) I'd definitely lock my tablet with my birth year as a password, too. Cos that's something NO ONE would've ever guessed.


Ex-NFL Punter Chris Kluwe's Scathing Column Becomes an Internet Hit  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Earth kml file for all  Conferences of 2014:  


i think im seriously sick, im sitting next to butterscotch sweets and cookies and dont even touch them.....its weird.


GP Webpay ma od vcera vecera velke problemy v SR/CR. Riesenie slabota, hadam preziju dalsi predvianocny napor. 


An old favorite: the tacos al pastor at Las Adelitas. Would like a little more pi... (Tacos al Pastor  Las Adelitas)  and join the Prague entrepreneurs 'after work' meetup ;) Tomorrow at 7PM at Krakovska. Topic: CROWDSOURCING  don't know if I am still dreaming, or if the last  bundle is real? :D


 All well. You? Working on train trips out of Prague w private guide 2014. Maybe a beer to share inspiration? Best


Snowstorm! :D Finally feels like winter. Frozen to death. Everything's white!


As believers, we work for Allah with the utmost aspiration of no limitation. You know why? Because we have Him by our sides.


Mixing Uplifting Trance Sessions 157 today evening. Sorry for the delay. Many things happened the last 10 days. News very soon :)


 I really hope they'll come close to you next time so you can hug them all and tell them how much you love them ._.


I really think Matt looks great with hair like this  swetie iam hear but twitter doesn't pop when you are a nothing


I swear url think we work miracles darn lectures Wtf mxcm


Lets play Wonder Boy in Monster World - part 9 (German):  ber 


Animated Google Doodle Honors Computer Pioneer Grace Hopper  it works       RT: Back  project on Kickstarter and get your made-to-order denim jeans:  obj-c :D I basically wrote 6 pure functions that's all.


destroyed my  on monday, got new  on wed, destroyed it today :(  or just totally 


 Jawaban benar: a climate for killing,  21/325513 poin


Handmade Ruby red framed glass earrings, Glass earrings, gemstone, bridesmaid gift, Wedding jewelry   


"  I've noticed you keep changing your profile." Yep! I like this picture. :)


First vJUG online meetup with Trisha Gee freakin rocked  via 


Lb se mi video   We wish you a merry christmas


After a week I play diablo II again. Of course with new character :D :D


It was hard to take pics of her...        jsem do seznamu vide  video  Adiemus (Songs of Sanctuary) - Pveck sbor Crk. Gymn. v


How does being a part of the body of Christ influence your job? centerfaithwork  oke nanti cek bm yaaa RT  Hp tak bernyawa cintah -_- why ? "  bm ko gadeliv? -_-"


 Richard Burns Rally jsi zkousel? Stejne byly nej WRC hry od evolution studios na PlayStation 2....:/


Alastair Campbell isn't back in Labour's inner circle  but Ed's student union has been closed down: This morn...  and ICSC reinforce their positions in global retail with...  going to lose the most important make up that I have 


 looks like Go wins only in one test - JSON and is pretty deep in the other.


JO!!!  Jak jim to hraje? RT   ted a tady  is a pussy but we didn't deserve anything today. Poor performance. 


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


You write so well. I just hope you stay happy and blessed.


 Jawaban benar: harold robbins' 79 park avenue,  30/19415 poin


Trocha online cliche: "bannery konci, socilni site klesaji, vsichni budou mit tablety" - by Equa Bank.. Myslim, ze ne Time. 


Couldn't have asked for a better place to ring in 2014. I can't believe my life sometimes.


  I love the way the people move in the painting - it makes skating look like a dance on ice. Love this pic!


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 20.5C ac foris 2.25C vre esse.


How to support the process of  decommissioning?  by    


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Tesla car battery maker: "Our business model is to become the energy company of the 21st century"  seasons greetings bro. Still away at your asylum?


Fran Lebowitz~ I never took hallucinogenic drugs because I never wanted my consciousness expanded one unnecessary iota.


Hoping for the best for todays match against  You 'LL Never Walk Alone


   I will miss you, you were already like a sister to me


Guess what place the Czech rep. takes worldwide in giving? Behind Egypt? Behind Ukraine? Behind Hungary? Maybe. Mayb by se mla zajmat o tuto  pohlednicovou kampa .))    which Mary shipped Johnlock harder than the fandom 


   very easy to learn, will send you Pashto Grammar books


 Jawaban benar: crooks anonymous,  16/2387 poin


I made a new achievement: `Cattle P...`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


 de la  checa         and too many alr. this one is the n-th slogan. LOL


I just earned the 'Lager Jack (Level 4)' badge on   Plays "World Of Warcraft" At BlizzCon '13:  via   xD


 [eht tifrs mrahisstc] (1998) Keith Grenville, p:christmas c:USA poin: 19


Funny video (and a bit scary too) how Google collects our data to monetize them   Made by Microsoft!


Thanks to some late pre christmas hours by Martin one of our designers, Magnums are now spawning on the experimental branch/servers.


I don't know how to not dress like Paula Poundstone anymore. 


Cups (Pitch Perfect's When Im Gone) [Pop Version] by Anna Kendrick   
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 893


And I'd be so remiss if I didn't give a shoutout to my alma mater    


Just completed a 11.85 km run - umperk, HIL12x300m  


Asphalt 8: Airborne  Nejlep zvody pro Windows Phone 8 a Windows 8 za skvlou cenu k dispozici na Storu...  we're having a small fire to celebrate finishing Xmas dinner.  On Investment Vs. Return On Relationship.     | RT  


Time to have shower and then let's go to the work. 


Vno v osmi ( Vnon trhy | Christmas market w/ 3 others)  0 Real Madrid 1: Ronaldo beats Ibra in winter Doha friendly  via 


Lb se mi video   Rockafeller Skank by Fatboy Slim [Official Video]


 And regards to my mate, Steve, if you're passing the Sorry Babushka ;-)


Let us make this exciting. On goat if we win?     sory guys bt u just pretenders


I dont fuck bitches that tell me not to use a condom.. tryna set a nigga up


Things I learned wandering around Europe for 7 months  Architecting A Life  Medium  via 


 at least the effort, time, and money you put into it were worth it :3 *hugs* Hope it wasn't as crazy as NY ^^


Karel55555 found Cesta k sousedum (Traditional Cache)  Pictures of Home Can Make It Harder To Speak a Foreign Language | Surprising Science  ain't much get to none of dem chillum" "baby I loves to fight" Lmao


Fantastic photographs here! RT  Spectacular Photos of Frozen Lighthouses on Lake Michigan  freaks out about Doctor Who and I'm just sitting here not even knowing what the series is all about.


Twitter Makes it Easier to Sign Up for Emergency Alerts  via 


 [ehylsa dan :kiahs ininfdg hte hirgt ift] (2007), p:interview c:USA poin: 39


don't see it causing the dutch any problems .. .. Lobbying is also legal, after all. .. Laws should be made, if police ever chasing, (2/3)


Last year at this time, I was driving my bike to the train station. This year, I am driving a car.

Oh how times change!


Red wine is the best lipstick. Not because of its hue. Nor because it lasts forever. But because you get drunk as fuck just putting it on.


Make sure your website is running smoothly over the holiday season so you can enjoy the eggnog:  want me to shake hands with you in hell, I shall not disappoint you


Google nakupuje roboty.  Video collection of robots Google has acquired is both amazing and petrifying.  Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


6  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


 i cant recognise all leh LOL. i can only find the dimple. :/ okay wait let me try!


Happy birthday too the best sister in the entire world. The big'ol 21, stay golden pony boy  


 Master-bank shuttered for money laundering.          that's a cow's sound


And... where are the haters of Jon Flanagan right now? 


I want to see my team in a scrim against a US Pro Team (coL, nV, OpTic, tK)


Enjoy last  of this year.  with e57 is now ready for you! Tune Now!   


One of the most popular Christmas traditions held in Czech homes is the baking of Christmas cookies. People...  are white, the violence is new, and here is the lasted hint for you.


 Today: Prague, Czech Republic - Nov 30 at Transmission 10th Anniversary  svankmajer's 'lekce faust' is nice surrealistic work... look how easy is to sign with devil nowadays...


I've collected 12,575 gold coins!    


Im in the top 5% of readers on  See my  for 2013:  is it because you sleep too less or too much?


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 30 NOV, Song  LIQUID SMOKE   LP  same 1970  It's a mans world


Now, Premiere imports HALF of each clip. The other half is empty.


 Well, since I'm making myself happy with concert tickets, I guess I'll have to somehow survive this one week :D


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


ROBIN ZOOT /// KONTROLUJU HOOD // PROD. KUCI // 1028:  pes  kontroluju to tady zmrdi


 Thanks.
Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 



3)vanessa was right-i should only see him as a bro alas 4)i still can't :(


Deleting one 'ha' from from your 'hahahhahahaha' because you feel like it's too much.


Why am I not allowed to go to the cinema in evening?? Aw I HATE RULES :P


TV news: Britain's dealing with the biggest storm for 20 years.

Me: Are they really gonna talk about Sherlock? :O


I'd like to think my cooking skills have improved... then I go and burn toast twice in a row! I can't multi task I suppose. LOL


why does everyone hate branston pickle so much? i'd eat it with pretty much anything tbh 


Ouch... Where's the promised JS/C parity? -&gt; "Is the NavBar control available in XAML/C    


 [ta mh'teros qreetus] (1987) Michael C. Mahon c:USA poin: 19


" He loves me with every beats of his cocaine heart"


 true! but: since when is  capable of tracking in general and how long was  before ;)


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Audio: alljustletters: I might have just found another something to feed my strange addiction to the things...  bantuan nya ya, bantuin follow tweet aku dong :)  ntar di follback :)


&lt; yesterday's blogpost on a.style &gt;         premir David Cameron chce blokovat extremistickweby  teh syob rfom unycot recal tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the boys from county clare


Sun, 05 Jan 2014, let us all send Jagathy Sreekumar the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (63)


Loveeeee  Love Harry , Louis ,Niall , Zayn and Liam  &lt;3 &lt;3 Love songs love you all
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3


Nazdar! " The Swans have dumped  out of the FA Cup at Old Trafford. Fully deserved for Laudrup's men. Fantastic."


This week marks the 28th year I have been working for this company....



 so  &lt;3 &lt;3 I want him!;-) :-*  " Baby Panda  1er M Coupe (alpinweiss uni) 2011, 1:43, Minichamps,    you should be. I wanted to write how i'm gonna go to bed but FUCKING TYLER OAKLEY SOMEBODY HOLD ME


Triple grande peppermint mocha is exactly what I needed this morning :-)   [urofof] (1986) Linda Dangcil, p:bloodhound c:USA poin: 6


15th-Century Italian Panels to Tour United States  Throwback: The French, the Marquis de Sade, and the Terribleness of Fifty Shades of Grey  bet I'm gonna get some useless clothes for Christmas, something that I'll never even wear.


  this was so douchebaggy I can't even believe it


I'm serving Breakfast to the rap game. Fuck with me you trynna eat


I've collected 18,260 gold coins!    


Only concern is lack of game time at Spuds. But he offers something different to Welbeck/Sturridge/Rooney/Lambert.


I won 2 achievements in Zoo Tycoon for 55  pts -  office day.  to test our new product  ( coming soon) followed by a  Nice!  please, can anyone tell me where I can watch TV online outside Ireland? thanks a million xxx


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Top breaches of 2013:

1. Evernote: 50 million users personal data compromised
2. Living Social: 50 million users pe talk-birdy-to-me: Life hack: hold hands with tiny turtles as often as possible.  York Magazine pechz na trnctidenk (z tdenku)  Long on Cutting Edge of Print, New York Magazine Cuts Back  umyvadlo s bateri Antique Marble Waterfall baterie:  Im gonna work on my bachelor project and today in the afternoon Im going ice skating


Ini bagussss badai film nya. Kagak bosen2 ngeliatnya. I wabba dance  Step Up Revolution   to see that Emyr Huws made the Man City bench last night. Also called up by Wales last month - could a big year for the boy.


I think I'd like a cup of tea, please! ~Tea Gown by Worth, 1905  Jawaban benar: the terminator,  14/322491 poin


GoPro: Lions - The New Endangered Species?:  via 


Black Kids  - I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How To Dance With You:  via 


Wow, Flickr has started new service - photobooks, 20 pages of quality paper for roughly 35 bucks.   He's the type of Buddy who will always be there when he


9-13 December:  conference in Pune commemorating 50 years of radio astronomy in India -  a work out for tonight will ease the bV-ness.LOL


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Dany Sativa Feat. Nikola Toni - Sunshine People (Dany Sativa - Remix) by Digital Room Records  on 


    2009     harvested 471 of food!    


Twilight walk          have just released the video for 'Snake Oil' that I filmed for them during our tours  cam wake me up in the dead of the night, wreck my plans baby that's alright 


2 followers, 2 unfollowers. The hidden shall be revealed via daily stats by  you ready for Today's  204? Tune in  20:00 CET on  did he even dress up as krux. Theres no reason behind it


  thats the best tweet i've ever read :DDD you wouldnt forget niall, right? thats impossibel :D xxx


 ym pruse schyop ewest 6:1 rtpa 2 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: my super psycho sweet 16: part 2


I'm at Royal Crib of OJStilo (Prague, Krovsk Vinohrady)  will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 59


Sometimes i watch porn just cause i want to see some lesbians


It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. .......  I look at tweebas icons and headers, I'm sure that  and her spoon of yogurt...it's gonna be legen...wait for it...dary! Legendary!!!


Entrei na Twitcom Mundo funk com outros 18 membros  (Cc   


 Telescope Reveals Deepest View of the Universe Yet  new favorite: Freezer Beats x JointeL - Gladiator Arena (Instrumental) 2013 by   on 


 Pique tylko tak na maxa spiewal, widac ze zna, albo sie przygotowal xd


  hee hee, surely not as excited as I am about seeing him lol.... Don't know how I'll survive the next 6 weeks lol


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  surprises me how many people still think mentions with someones  in the very beginning are tweets to your entire audience...


You gotta kno a good horror movie when you see one tho.


 Wow, I didn't know that so big photographer is so short :)


I guess I left no impression whatsoever at the conventions... O.o


"Shopping secrets revealed by wi-fi: How one startup turns wireless signals into retail smarts" -  [uha iug oyu ixan ngog si] (1989) Chingmy Yau, p:ghost c:Hong Kong poin: 24


To be or not to be on twitter in Czech Rep? 
This is the question ...:D Are you using twitter? :D  team -  Brown, Smith Caulker Bryant Franklin, Gayle, Neath, Johnson Justincase Ockenden, Mokwa


dooooolly, dolly guaran dolly Lovatics  


 how are you precious? Hope you're not still making your mom sick you little troublemaker ;-)


Check this video from Slovakian streets which includes Horsefeathers riders Darek Bergmann, Julo Petrk and Duan...  sign of trouble these bitches forget about u


11 Black Friday Survival Tips From 'Game of Thrones'  time we did a big step towards our customers and we shifted the quality of the movie much further!  joined  on  - now 1/2 of our song sales are donated to   jste se nkdy, e by nesedl transaction revenue a product revenue?   give me a stomach ache. Why do I consistently forget that?


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 3 others         landing peer with restaurant Wellenspiel through the  lense   to leverage your innovation&amp;creative capabilities?  days of free SecureLine VPN in   Protection on unsecure wifi or access to restricted content  mani please follow my friend  I LOVE YOU 


pico momento cuando sale Channin Tatum en This is the end. XD


 [a erfhsa't gcmieonmoh] (1988) Thomas Ryan, p:divorce c:USA poin: 21


 [vtghienyer emosv eanlo] (2001) Matthew Ferelli, p:guerilla c:USA poin: 22


  Lol, Jones was good, Johnson was Ok and Henderson played 15 mins so why are you judging him. Just Everton fan.


Kip Meek at EuroParl's single telecom market hearing:  BEREC could evolve into "single regulator" for detailed regs while EC handles policy


Estonian-language classes may open in Brussels  


 My old man, that's what we called our fathers then, as in my old man can   International Literary Festival  new Bulgarian lit fest


Chris Travis - Growed On Me 2:17 A.M (Music Video):  via 


 cop accused of producing child pornography found dead
  san mo reply yang di dapat ganun? Kahit sa comm guild post siya ng post buti nga di siya pinapatulan eh.


I Decided To Delete All My Facebook Activity, And It Was Incredibly Hard - Business Insider  Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Even if you experienced an emotional crisis with a friend or l... More for Scorpio  [nspat no fier] (1997) Jenni Pulos, p:lying c:USA poin: 13


Photo: becks28nz: Doctor Who Christmas Special: Press Screening  Currently a lot of changes are ahead of us so I can't promise specific term. We will do our best to implement it Q2/2014.


I'm out here in big Norwalk what's poppin tonight LA ? Talk to me


Sagad sagad na si Jak mag LoL. O.o I guess this is what happens when : Play time &gt; School + Sleep time


I think a few minutes of adorbs Capaldi could considerably improve my mood. the hair! the hands!  late mistake Marcel Hirscher hangs on to win Alta Badia GS, Ligety 3rd. Blistering 2nd run by Tim Jitloff propels him to 5th.


" sigh~ RT  fuck you.  bitch... why doesn't he do something like this in Europe?  *jealous*


como voce sabe meu nome The Walking Dead  


Check out my  Twitter profile as an animated movie   [eht gihh' gns'i] (1921) Al St. John, p:police c:USA poin: 15


Lb se mi video   [Advent-2013]The Ship a DOGGUS (Den 16.)


Was out running 7.00 km with  See it here:  thanks a lot for a mention... it is nice. Lukas


South Sudan paid in blood for its independence. Now it is tearing itself apart again: More than 10 years ago, ...  for the little outage. There was  little serve issue but all is sorted and everything should be working fine now.


 and it's  I was still digesting this at 4am.  stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  don't have them in a size 11, but I do have them in a 9?" 
"Oh, perfect, while you were gone part of my foot actually got chopped off."


 Merry Christmas to you and your family. Love from Germany &lt;3


 gives his advice on how to use social media as a marketing platform on    I dubiously caved and bought a  rssport strap based on fros review. Best decision ever, seriously awesome strap!!!


Trying to keep up the smile that hides a tear but as the sun goes down I get that empty feeling again how I wish to God that you were here


estn doktort UK pro lena redakn rady asopisu European Journal of Environmental Sciences A. F. G. Dixona  have just finished first photogallery from Vietnam, Mt. Fansipan trek: 
   


What Was It Like To Be A Software Engineer At NeXT? - Forbes  fat. Can't even tell I puffed my cheeks out.  2014 - Support the Cause that is our Future. Help prevent  -Donate a tweet (I did)   


 [aren!gd ,00050 izbo!mse] (2004) Kara Solez, p:spoof c:UK poin: 23


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


  woit i a grod frogn hahaha :D geh becci! nix vertrogts hahaha :b


" Don't rush to fall in love, because even in fairy tales. The happy ending takes place on the last page." 


Do you know  It's the package manager for windows, so far it works great for me.


Klagenfurt, Austria,  Friendly atmosphere - half of the participants are Czechs and Slovaks :)


 beleza, beleza lfkhasd The Walking Dead  


If anyone mentions a welcome rug I shall be very disappointed in them...

:-/


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           443


 He's a little shy of playing with other puppies.  


Fri, 20 Dec 2013, let us all send Tommy Cole the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (72)


Handmade Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


Why do people take everything I say seriously and literally all of the time when in actual fact I'm joking 93% of the time about everything


 [ijm dna ehtm alhoiyd lispcsae] (2010) Cody Courtney, p:internet c:USA poin: 29


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


Bruh these niggas getting knocked off at the closing of 2013


new Pic of Kristen with Alicia and some other friends in Malibu Jan 5th, 2014...  'Time Spent' Is One of Marketing's Favorite Metrics  Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


 hahaa uh oh. It's a twitter jungle out here huh?


 Mohlo by Vas zajimat,ma i NHL TV HD a BBC nebo CNN live broadcast eVision Cast by QuanticApps  trying to get rich like  merry Christmas everyone


 appreciation Tweet. It's so lovely to be visited when sick and feeling terrible, especially when the visitor brings tea and more!


New Job: IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


Silently Huddled Around a Screen: Tragedy Still Unites Us  Deus tanta coisa pra fazer The Walking Dead   


So Google is stuck in a Loop when trying to reach my Account settings...


I crushed a 10.0km run with a pace of 5'51" with Nike+ Running App.     what, my mobile`s trip around the world has ended and i got it back.. 


woooooo bany i'm yooouurss (baby i'm yours) and i'll be youurs until the stars fall from the skyyyyY


Check out Wedding Couple Kiss by Sura-Art on   [oregnhac] (1991) Buck Taylor, p:cowboy c:USA poin: 8


How South Africa changed over Mandelas lifetime (from    (via 


   Sorry ale follow nebo nefollow podle volebnch preferenc. Jaro styte se! :P


looking for a good christmas present? try the girls&amp;business calendar :)...           like a sour patch kid, first they're sour, then they're sweet    The Redaxscript team likes to join the pilot project like Anchor CMS does. What do you think?


 Ooh, must be gorgeous there. Just be careful, you know what's happened to Schumacher ...


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 94 - "TBAL":  prostednictvm 


My german teacher is rather pleased to see german is one of my favourite subjects lol  stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  anile losus tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: alien souls


Just posted a photo  Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock  At Repoeblik Telo wid eyol,yella,methe,ka made,ka tia ka oci"


preju vsem krasny a klidne svatky|/ wishing everyone a happy and peaceful christmas.  2- 0 Southampton. We are still on top 


Justices Reject Bid to Block Texas Law on Abortions 


I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "EdUSA Advising and Outreach, Dec. 11, 2013"   old PC suite or the new one, Nokia Suite?


 Hi Ashleigh, coming to Prague? We have discounts on many Hotels, tours and activities. Contact me.


Let me RT" Quote this tweet with your favorite song of "Music Of the Sun".  Rihanna"


I'm getting somehow emotional. No I don't want to, I have to save it for tomorrow


 [het wenitss arcih] (1936) Alan Curtis, p:bribery c:USA poin: 17


Mr Brixey was a great sport on stage. All had a great time  listening to one republic and having 2011 flashbacks


Choose wisely "Study: Odds Of Being Murdered Closely Tied To Social Networks"  Im watching tv in English when my father asks me to change it cause he doesnt understand makes me sooo happy :)


Dneska masakr uz od oteviracky... :)) ( Bowling Bar Chmelnice)  Thanks for telling me about "Paddle Your Own Canoe: " on  BookVibe.  Looks hilarious!


LoL, you have to love Klaus and Cami :D RT  The Originals 1x09 Webclip - Reigning Pain in New Orleans  Hi sweetheart! Thank you so much for the Christmas card and everything you wrote. Ill send you mine on Monday. :) &lt;3 


Pernah dong :(" Alhamdulillah gk pernah RT"  yesOrNo pernah punya pacar yang egois banget ?""


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  hope u managed to fell asleep now... night night... count emmmm whatever, just count and sleep will come :)


 please can you follow me? I'm a big fan from the Czech republic.. Can't vote from here but supporting  all the way!!


 yeah I know.. Thats too sad that our skyy vodka is ex-vodka!   


Do you have our CD  ? If yes where are you from? If not, WHY?! ;-)  the early train from Prague to Munich. 2 pieces of cold pizza for breakfast and coffee to retain consciousness. A staple diet, sure.


One of the reporters asked if anyone involved was affiliated with the University of Alabama... 


Cannabinoids ameliorate disease progressio... [Neuropharmacology. 2012] - PubMed - NCBI  journalism students protest RIA-Nov closure: "We'll get our degrees in 3 yrs,but they are silencing us today."  friend has an awesome sense of hmr. too bad he is a dick


"Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?"


I liked a  video  Milos Zeman epic split van damme volvo


Reported speech - 2 video explanations, mind map and a game at         


 oh my God, do you realize that now you totally need to come to Prague and teach me this? I'm prepared to do anything!


Solo rock album this year or what?? I got guitar and piano on lock down. I need a drummer though..


 thanks a lot for second play of Dream your Dreamer and all the support this year mate! means a lot... 


Kalo gini ceritanya bakal ngulang ntn to the beautiful you untuk yg ke 4x nya.. aigoo


 helps people share rides to college, work and events!  


Was out doing weight training 0.00 km with  See it here:  ME, I FOLLOW BACK (:
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK (:
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK (:
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK (: 
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK (:


Get Started on Your  Clear the 5 Most Daunting   more people infected with deadly new virus  17 Nov 2013, let us all send Martin Scorsese the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (71)


Yearmix 2013 is also available on    


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Also they confiscated my M4 shell at the terminal. I shot that with my brother before he left for war.


I would like to think Logan died laughing at my tweet is why he didn't tweet me back ..  


Thanks Maplace.js   you saved me a lot of time ;-)


god bless them for coming to germany i don't even have to pay for the transport heck yeah


Spent the last hr writing on legalism+cultural engagement. If u haven't seen it, a great blog post from Phil Jonson:  got a brilliant idea to make a short comic. Guess I'll lie in bed and slowly forget about it


Custom essay Writing Services  Thesis Writing - Buy Essays 


well that's what happens when you don't have your doctors regularly check your eye transplants


             earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


You can't keep your hands off me, touch me right there. Rock my body


"  hell yeah!!! Lmao how many yours she take??" She only got my margarita. She downed dd cup tho lol. "I want more!"


Ma dnesni motivacni pisen k praci je rozhodne Prokofiev a jeho Dance of the knights .. a funguje to celkem obstojne 


but actually the edition I read this summer was from the communist times...


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  Hobbit, part deux: technically brilliant, but lacking soul. Like part one, it feels stretched to me. Too much spectacle over substance.


 Man, I'm really sorry to hear that. I dread that day.. Sending you  recipe now, apparently Knox is considered Gelatin


Google partners with Audi, GM, Honda, Hyundai and Nvidia to take Android into cars  pes 


Peter de Gaston Levis~ To judge the real importance of an individual we should think of the effect his death would produce.


19. Ahmed Romel &amp; Tonny Nesse - Alva (Original Mix) [Blue Soho]     


I liked a  video  The Cubli: a cube that can jump up, balance, and 'walk'


The days where we get to travel around, talking nonsense n making stupid faces w    looted 48760 coins and 9500 minerals from [27,354:1]. Get Galaxy Life: Pocket Adventures at  morning, Prague! :)  08:00, noon 12:02,  16:05 CET (UTC+1), December 25 | daylength 8h 5m


James Wade konecne zabral, vyhral suverrene ctvrty set, snizil na 1-3 a jde podavat. Come on The Machine!


 Younger, I thought you were about my age, 22-23 :)


Why 'Time Spent' Is One of Marketing's Favorite Metrics  to win swag + SIGNED UK copies of Mystwalker bks 1 &amp; 2 in  Countdown to Xmas   totally my style! head to toe. hair so nice. lskdjflskjdf


you can't just come in my life, change it and then leave


I've harvested 691 of food!    


Justice is, til this day, my favourite legal show  Gutted when it finished. Unique format &amp; great acting  heaotlocc esbabi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chocolate babies


Tech folk of the internet, don't forget to check out Episode 079 of  last ep. of 2013  you bet; I hope the examples will stretch Warp's and Graphene's muscles; help is always welcomed / 


thx 2 all our eager testers at GAMESTAGE FamilyDay  trying RiftRamps on our     - Drinking a Budweiser Budvar Yeast Lager (Kroukovan Lek)  Masn krmy -  Folk-ing hell these guys are good... music stars Hudson Taylor. Read it here   did you see?


I would like to say Norwich have buggered my coupon up but if I'm being honest Newcastle did that earlier.... 


I've harvested 378 of food!    


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  have completed the quest 'Upgrade 3 Huts to ...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Dresden was beautiful! Let's get some sleep for Day 2 :D (at A&amp;O Hotel And Hostel Dresden) [pic]   files first WTO dispute over EU energy policy
 Union Activist Fasts to Support Rights for Illegal Immigrants 


What is happening within  ? Read Salim Safi 
 pack out the door, Blockies on  Check it out:  tweeps followed (thank you!) and 4 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  Business Models you should copy (visualized by   Customers Seek Privacy, AeroFS Emerges With Stealthy File Sharing Software - Venture Capital Dispatch   via 


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Flo Rida - Good Feeling [Official Video]


Damn pilots always think they so cool, like they above us


 was watching trace. And All That Matters came  on trace request. So i was pissed and tweeted it


Civilization 5: The Spanish Gambit: Part 4:  via 


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Lil girls calling girls lil girls. Y'all loose'n control.


Was coolin with the homies. At it again tomorrow tho.


Along story budak sungai tiram naik moto kene leyek dgn lori pasir  . Scary gile :|


Today stats: 14 followers, 13 unfollowers and followed 18 people via  Selling $2.3 Billion Worth of Facebook Stock to Pay Taxes  artificial intelligence is shaping the future of Facebook | The Verge &gt;&gt;     I absolutely have - at least for the last 3 days *sigh*


I added a video to a  playlist  Riley Rewind - Official Trailer 


"I was turned away, I was told, because I had a hospitalization in the summer of 2012 for clinical depression."


 Jawaban benar: boulevard of broken dreams,  26/358044 poin


 [gaele in a ecga] (1972) Lee Montague, p:horse c:UK poin: 15


     
No moc mi ta bl sragora rno radost neudlala  this bureaucracy! , unfortunately you will need to go through our cooperator in the CzR,and there is no way around it."


Microtrauma Interview  Indias biggest clubbing and electronic dance music mag - Euphoric Magazine - more infos...  [cesap aperist] (1992) Ben Zeller, p:video-game c:USA poin: 13


I will always have a Love Hate relationship with the state I'm from


Rion Paige - Judges are "Blown Away" Naprosto fantastick zpvaka! Dokonal.   I guess today is a retweet day as it is the festive holiday season


Boleh kan nangis? Bolwh kan sedih? Kecewa pasti, sedih pasti, marah pasti. Walau bagaimana  Mama by Flyleaf   I am not just tweeting this because I'm unable to actually talk to anyone close to me about this. Yes, I do have people close to me.


Obamacare Website Is in Great Shape  If This Were 1996 | Wired Business  interesting...  What are Phoenix, Foals, Speedy Ortiz's favourite albums of 2013?   thanks . . talk about going awol though" let's not even go there :")


A blocked nose does nothing for me. Feel grotty and can't sleep. D.S.


 eth esclsa of eujstic tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the scales of justice


Why on earth is my hair growing so fast. Too fast ): I wanted it to remain at the length I've cut.


 yahman! aaron kwok still so attractive. anyway, have a chen patting baek's head!  accountancy first option ko dun. 3rd lang ata yung applied math.


Im the best present under the Christmas tree :-p  sad. I miss my Iceberg Eyes. Wish I was cuddled up with her right now. 


Do you sometimes get the feeling when you wear certain clothes like you're a completely different person and it feels so good? 


 me of a mix between The Walking Dead and The Hunger Games :D


  how did you know that was directed towards you?!


 Oh no, that doesn't sound good :( What can you do now? Just keep going to physio?


 will announce major advancements to help enterprises turn back the clock. Dont miss it!  


 thinking of you in Istanbul!  McDonalds in Turkey!!  Haha.  [inhcema] (2003) Jim McManus, p:repetition c:UK poin: 7


The story isn't finished and I know where to take it. I'm not going to cope without the graph telling me how I'm doing! D.S. 


Happy New Year! I wish you a lot of luck, inspirations, nice experiences and fresh sounds for your ears and...  National Park, Welsch, UK 8^)
Who likes it?
Komu se lb?
8^)   ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


Follow MOC now also on Facebook &amp; "Like" to See What's New!  
 


 morning, what about some good coffee, it may help not to be so tired :)


Photo: plizm: Mellow Yellow Sea by 2composers on Flickr.  Wins Services Contract for EDF  Fleet  


Today stats: 5 followers, No unfollowers and followed 5 people via  You won't see any of the players clearing their pitch they're all overpaid ?  handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


5 FDA-Approved Food Additives Banned in Other Countries  won 15 achievements in LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (Xbox One) for 460  pts -   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           607


This man just got into the tram with an asian woman, they're talking english and it looks like she's visiting him oooooo


Hoje a festa  sua The Walking Dead  and Paramore   


Christian capitalist inhuman war for oil continues: Militias Fleeing Cities, Leaving Violent Chaos  (2/2)


 [eht oaredl of r.d dudm] (1980) Pat Hurley, p:doctor c:USA poin: 22


 27 Year Old Mac Plus Hacked to Browse the Web   V roce 86 jsme doma mli ZX Spectrum ;)


How To Develop A Big Data Strategy To Outperform Your Competitors      You can't patent sexy: The   trial told in tweets.  harvested 1,740 of food!    


Gabreta - One ooooold photo by Lucie Kout photography &amp; creative retouching, just realized I havent posted it...  liked a  video  THE BEST - CRAZY ON-BOARD Two_Stroke_250cc_1996_Ulster_GP_N.Ireland


Pretty Little Liars (ep. 4x14) returns already on Tuesday 7.1.2014!!!! Thank GOD!  co jet nebylo? Ano super! 32 GB, Cellular, White! 


"Scunthorpe fans asked not to dress as squirrels for Alan Knill return"


I love golf analogies in class but half the time people have no idea what they are talking about.. 


You can't image how grateful I am to have gotten to know so many lovely people thanks to photography.I would love...  ""I know there are some clubs that want me but Im happy here" Er what? 


Check out the latest items in our official store here:  likes of Rooney &amp; RVP have carried some of this lot over the last few seasons and now they're being exposed. Moyes needs to sort it fast


I just won a multiplayer match in Modern Combat 4!  nevidim ty picovinky sem na mobilu ne na ipadu :(:(:(


penat la nk layan , bebudak gado . . smpai idea pupus le . . haha


Raut a uzavrena spolecnost?? Baaaaajo :-D ( Bowling Bar Chmelnice)  stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  this ep even featured printing fuckups. I totally forgot abt that. how very appropriate. haha. nitey.


Could this be the biggest find since the Dead Sea Scrolls? Seventy metal books found in cave in...  lol, works other way around as well. Bitches arent innocent all the time.


 here let me give you a hug   It'll get better soon I promise. It won't stay like that forever 


Thanks for tuning today to ITIB205 guys! See you all next week \o/  


Happy Thanksgiving to all our American friends from   se checkne na foursquare a pak nereaguje na komentar. Jak nepouzivat 4SQ 101 v primem prenosu.


hey    
 babies can you please follow me?
 that's mean a lot to me, make my dream come true 
i love you so much


weapons found in late  envoy's home in Prague, the plot of ambassador's death thickens  you hashtag anywhere other than Instagram or Twitter, you're a fucking idiot and you should die.


Just posted a photo  Prague International Airport  The list of people you should collaborate with:
-Adele
-John Newman
-each one of EDM producers


 That Shakin' Stevens song *IS* a great song! *dances around the living room*


woke up at 2:30 pm on a monday, need to end semester noooow


Christmas lights plus magic glasses... But how does it work?  First one to get it right wins a pair of them!  my comment on facebook has almost 250 likes ,lol" beyonce lol


brother became a YouTube star when nearly 28MM visitors watched Charlie bite his finger via YouTub


 me too and it's my birthday.. Daniel took my contact case and threw it somewhere.


Some more insights on the Rotax 912 iS powered Zenith Aircraft CH750  you might want to change the text here. Otherwise you sound like the Big Brother :P But,still great service!  voted for Castle/Beckett.  Best Couple 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   Don't ignore me, I know you're reading this, ha


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 16


 Not yet it isn't. But as these things tend to be reused, you never know.


 you mean that, when you get at entrance to the club a wireless headphones? :D yeah that actually exists


Wearable surveillance camera detection armor makes its debut
  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


I need to stop fucking with girls based on there looks thats not fair to the good girls


I'm sore...I'm really not sure these workouts are healthy, lol


A new favorite: glas.raum podcast 008 mixed by re-up (kina music) by glas.raum  on 


 Jawaban benar: marry me again,  14/3127 poin  1/364430 poin


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


I wanted to watch the hanging rock picnic thing tonight but the further I read &amp; edit my thesis the more I wanna watch the Thick of It.


I'm joining a global movement to demand human rights, not mass surveillance.   Dovetailing your report on cost of a  Grande Latte around the world here in Prague it's 85 CZK, or about 4 USD.


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 101 - "Freighters FTW":  prostednictvm 


Must post it too O:) Couple tshirt with my dear ^~^ &lt;3   as the feathered sickness felt triumph from rushing its teeth into dark woods to catch the mocking lamb


 atetafrshs tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: earthfasts


 ceiling of the  of dominicanes     you can keep your head when all around you have lost theirs, you probably haven't understood the seriousness of the situation. - D. Brent


Sun, 08 Dec 2013, let us all send Kim Basinger the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (60)


 levo dan hrote durgs tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: love and other drugs


how much better would the world be if spiders couldn't climb


"That was me, when i was blond and older and naked" 


Super excited that it finally came but its a pain on the butt.


Tom now has his own folder on my computer congrats


Maybe you distracted me from work today, but you succesfully did your biggest quest- didn't let me fall asleep &lt;3 Goodnight :)


 lol u right, but even if I have a drink I will not get drunk anymore


Many people are taking selfies with our omniglobe! Send us yours and our favourite will get an  goodie bag!  bowiesexuality: Happy 67th Birthday to the legendary, David Bowie!  [:aieranm a rcutnyo runed beadlcok] (2005) Serj Tankian, p:armenia c:USA poin: 33


  Ang sa SAO plng. Haha. Dayun kay Sachi sad pagid &lt;/3. Ang message sa crystal &lt;/3


 You can also just change it in system preferences,s one apps like Skype like to mess with it making it clip.


Zkuste a uvidite :) I just ran 5,29 km with Nike+.    makes you strong?  What doesn't kill me makes me stronger  few things cuter than this. On the Prague metro.  few words yet so goddamn brilliant.  Why does software have to be maintained?  Fuuuuuuuu** I forgot! !!! what kind of a person am I ??? what did I miss what did I miiiiiisss


So Jet2 have emailed me telling me it's only 2 weeks until my Manchester flight. They then included this gem... (1/2)


This sums up my whole  experience!! I hope to win the  pocket photo  don't know what's hard to understand about the fact that I do hear the TV on the other side of the wall my couch is standing at


Yo ngene iki orang kaya, makan indomie (w/ Indiana, Toya, &amp; 10 others at Mie Pecun - Pedas Bebas Racun) [pic]   you step in my mind for a minute you will get lost


Silence continues over abduction of  human rights lawyer 
 I am still in shock... of course Muse always manage to shock musers can not believe... I'll see my boys again..cannot breathe


  partially it's because we are one of the most atheistic countries and many holidays are connected to religion


Marketing festival ( Marketing Festival 2013 -  w/    [pic]:   RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


I just liked "Flume &amp; Chet Faker - Drop the Game [Official Video]" on Vimeo:  hope your stop was too tight this time Nick:)


Javelin throw, the oldest of sports, by far ;-)  Alabama Shawty it's all us Every Year  


 I can usually tell when I'm wasting my time, so therefore I don't.


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


only these all look like supermodels so probably not..... 


We have done a nice video with our client  Check it out and guess what parts of Prague we used for it:)  twas great mate! Like the guest slot too! 


Steam Holiday Sale: Day 4 Daily Deals: 22th December 2013:  via 


I love  I was there all the time in summer. Why dont we have such clubs in the Czech Republic? :(


 Gern.
Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 



 Jawaban benar: playboy: hottest housewives,  27/361064 poin


 [udyr lvaeel ledoesim] (1932) Rudy Vallee, p:betty-boop c:USA poin: 20


way better than xmas tv: watching the  live stream   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         269


  I'm still wondering who wears white shirts in Czech rep? Hradec Krlov?


Happy birthday, Jesus. Thank You for your Love &amp; Grace  


TV Beitrag: Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Contesttag 2  liked a  video  Why the iPhone 4 is the greatest iPhone ever


interesting work at the SOFA Gallery at IU, Bloomington .. who is the sculptor?  There is nothing more invigorating than a wonderful walk through a frosty forest at dawn, with the Moon shining its silvery light on you


 unfortunately most PC games nowadays are just crappy console conversions


I'm sorry but I'll never understand what's so attractive about living in la like ok parties but the city is ugly and there r paps everywhere


+1 RT  A4: Sr PMs should start learning more about portfolio mgmt, developing biz strategy, finance, &amp; other methodologies 


Yeayh,akhirnya doa rindu terbalas .dia anta chat .okey off twitter on facebook .slmt mlm dan assalamualaikum brg hantu :p


 also for iPhone, iPad, and Retina versions of both


 omg you made my day thank you  .. well it's 11:44pm


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 5 people via  Korea Executes Kim Jong Un's 'Traitor' Uncle  fun playing  for iOS, why not join me for FREE?
  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           482


  I'm on my laptop during evenings and on my phone at work, don't tell my boss ;-)


Yeay! RT" Mesut Ozil jadi Pemain Paling Kreatif   to  *None* of the current Android versions are compatible for elderly. Needs LOTS of customizations!! Come on guys!


 Enjoyed the ME doc. And in ref to tour previous tweet, you're never 50!


A List of Reasons Why Our Brains Love Lists - great and quick read:  via 


DJ Grimaso - Defko jsem real ft. Hugo Toxxx:   


Take a screenshot of your tablet web browser!     Are The In Crowd - The Best Thing (That Never Happened) (Official Mus...:  via  LOVE IT!!!


ARSENAL'S TRANSFER WINDOW: Llorente and Little Pea top Gunners list  via 


roll the dice dinner date remix by dawa more like hhhhhhhhoh mama


It's not even 5pm and it's already dark here, in Prague.  you might wish you could take the day off and even lo... More for Aquarius  2013  209: 05. Airborn vs.  - Shivers From a Tour De Trance (Simon G Mashup) 


 The new face (er, hair) of Pantene:   hacia que no escuchaba 8 barras guapas de Method Man que esto me ha vuelto loco "Better yet, we gon' leave 'em left in the past"


 please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 6


Bite-Size Idea Made a Big Difference for Cupcake Shop  lock app han, but the picture and button custom with oppars picture, it give you cute message too :3


Kolegove ze  me pozvali, abych delal 23. 1 v  predkapelu Terry Lee Haleovi, diky a tesim se:  Return will premiere at the CHANEL Paris-Dallas Mtiers d'Art runway show in Dallas on December 10th, 2013 at...   minjun hyung steal it  " Aigu taec xDD " HA HA HA  poor taec      harvested 1,054 of food!    


 [lsi nojg] (2009) Moon-cheol Nam, p:cage c:South Korea poin: 8


The penguin clan -  in          what about our app?  or  thanks for your feedback Sean!


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 the fact that I'm still playing flappy bird... I'm pissed


Wanderlust! Yep, that accurately describes my state of mind right now.


People here still think I'm weird because I'm wearing black clothes all the time.


The feeling when you don't steal a PC game and you need to fucking update the shit and register accounts until you go to bed.


A new favorite: N'to - Every Wall Is A Door by   on 


Lb se mi video   Let's play Shakes &amp; Fidget CZ - U vm co je ten vnec ! :DD 


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Beautiful Art Nouveau Ribbon Grapes Design by prettyinprague  via 


Quality Alliance participate at the ABM Brazil      play "Follow the Document"? On this week's "Follow the Document",  shows us 5 redirects with   Natalie for CLASS Salon Education Style Milan  to  ,she want FaceTime all early and shit like ppl wasn't sleep .


End Afghanistan Occupation... US-Afghan agreement would keep troops in place and funds flowing, perhaps indefinitely.  so honored to be a part of a group exhibition this winter in which my work will be exhibited during the...  perfectly natural to want to share your feelings today, e... More for Scorpio  Jawaban benar: it's murphy's fault,  19/94592 poin


 Do you have any insight into why Apple doesn't use laminated display in the iPad? They do so in virtually everything else now.


Just reupping incredible birds-eye  video of  protest. Police claimed 60K crowd?  


5 unfollowers, 7 followers and 7 new friends thats all for the day, daily stats via  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Okay, I am watching now, you should have told me they play ;)


   getting a feel for my new home  Acquires Viewfinder to Help Grow Its Engineering Team  true friends dont judge each other

they judge other people

together"


Let's play Airlinesim again - part 5 "A new start":  prostednictvm 


Take home~ thanks for today my fams. 
And thanks for partyyy anniv~ love you guyss. (with Riki Adityaa, Siska Indah, and 2 others)


Naughty Boy - Lifted ft. Emeli Sand:  via  dneska m nic nenatve ... :) Ne!


Just posted a photo  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  finally gorgeous out! Cca si vychutnv podzimn Petn.  22 Nov 2013, let us all send Mads Mikkelsen the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (48)


Check out my photo of CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone!  Try it for FREE!   Apple ships an update, they ship an update.  (de)


Forever writing poems about shit that bothers me (Y)


   what about a follow for a very excited Czech fan? Xxx


 [hte yllomra efctef] (2002) Tanya Katchouni, p:tank-top c:USA poin: 18


   
Sign Language Ring - 2013 | concept | Red Dot Award: Design Concept  ahh i don't think you want to meet me, i'm too shy and awkward and not really talkative in person


I'm struggling with Christmas this year ... It's coming too quickly, I feel absolutely unprepared and I'm so not in the mood for it


Very happy to post this photo after not posting for 2 weeks. Took this photo in L'Ampolla, Spain. L'Ampolla is...  nofing when u fink u can do it bt dox it is a completely diff thing


Bloody flights ruining my arrangements. Patience needed.


   I found there just the eyliner set not the mini lipstick one.


Great to see a packed house for the UW Cinemedia Screening. Thanks to the UW Daily for the interview!  Small-Company Perks Always Beat Big-Company Benefits  via 


When I'm mad , taking your time to text back is something you SHOULDN'T do. 


Zprva o "ty vole Mandela" na ABC, NY Times, Washing. Post. Twitterov reakce:asshole; douche; so stupid, donkey. Zlat chilsk pero.


In total, by the time we take off, I woulda spent 12 hours in CDG- thanks Air France &gt;:/


Awesome weekend reading: "Dangerous Code: How to be Unsafe with  Classes &amp; Objects in Memory"  [rroret aobadr] (1933) Paul Porcasi, p:ship c:USA poin: 13


" Years Over-all Champion: Yellow Team Jaguars, Minions and this year's House of Zeus."


So... when I get around to buying the new Pokemon game, I can't decide whether to get X or Y :/


Foto: Next goal: 10000 likes. Welcome to the new fans. WE need ACTIVE Admin for Facebook Fanpage...  at deep discounts at  in  Dresses for as low as 1500czk!    


Just a reminder          best cities for a winter vacation" by  - Prague is the first one!   


The Ice Palace: A Study on Shopping Malls, Skating Rinks and the Dream of Canadian Oil   


I posted 93 photos on Facebook in the album "Soultrain Weekender - 14.12.2013"  Here's the second episode of Praguing Around, follow Clementine in awesome Vrsovice, Prague 10:  via 


Two things: Rumplestiltskin is not dead. And neither is Brody.  


1974 - My 1st Tape from Alvin Stardust - with the Hits "My CooCa Choo", "Jealous Mind" &amp; "Red Dress" !!
  Expect new content update in the coming weeks! ;)


 Jawaban benar: made on broadway,  16/8877 poin


 nwaefdli/irg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: life/drawing


 power_on_hours=865,raw_read_error_rate=6,seek_error_rate=10,reallocated_sector_ct=80


 Thank you! Seems like they just link to their advertisers, though some of these places are really good!


 You are aware we did a DB wipe not that long ago, right?


36  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Guess in going to have to stop complaining about his excessive football watching now eh?


Waiting for the new year -            Ha! I knew you're bad :)) How's it going over there in Uskland?


And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith  convenient location of Hotel Andel, you can access easily the most major sightseeing attractions and historical parts of Prague.


parem com a panelinha pra ganhar followers na timeline


  So Yahoo has still their ad system hacked?


" "Bogus" lol. I found that pretty funny." They having fun lol


 Snowstorm turns Damascus into a playground - 13.12.
 - optimasales - responsive html5css3 template - rip  Employees Reviewed me, and I Kind of Suck     interact with and use water as screen 
 appena pubblicato una foto  Letit Brno Tuany | Brno-Tuany Airport (BRQ)  last business day in the position Information Security Manager is just over.


 impossible to answer. But My Night at Maud's is up there.


 aww he's sweeter than sugar. Here's one for you as well xx   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         308


"It's not entirely helpful when I'm in full-on battle mode to hear that I need a different life." FIND OUT MORE at  more days.... And libuuuuur..  Love More (feat. Nicki Minaj) by Chris Brown (at Cineplexx)   in my life I was determined to go studying and then work on a Christmas present for her and she made a complete asshole of me.


  miss you too. I will see you soon though :) Yes!! :)


Lesy R nemus platit 4,2 miliardy firm Less &amp; Forest: Sttn podnik Lesy esk republiky (LR) ...   


I achieved the 50K NikeFuel Milestone milestone with my Nike+ FuelBand.   humming along on $AAPL deal with $CHL. but those trading it lately would deserve a spank 


  I found it Spam folder. did you check Spam?


Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and NO unfollowers. Stats via   LADDERS-My toes are curled around the rungs of knowing you    am happy as f***         - jQuery plugin for extracting dominant colors from images and applying it to parent     even not then ... I've been there


 wah yay! :3 Ah Kim Jiwon is so beautiful T^T and Kim Woobin.. don't even let me start on him ahaha


Lb se mi video  od autora   FIFA 14 - The Best Own Goals!


 please come to czech. I wish you happy new year.


  Gorgeous dress and a pretty perfect bride! :)


 GREAT dominatrixes        


I smoke weed to get higher than this friendzone that's got everybody bung!


Hot new tech-house release with monster bassline is out on Flat Belly Blue rec.! Check it on Beatport:  "Above The Atmosphere End Of The Year Mix 2013" to   listen now!


Feeling Lonely? You are not alone: Ive always wanted to set up an encounter therapy group for people who aren...  out walking 4.76 km with  See it here:  phones banned in all  in  Three days suspension for using it!  don't need you to bring me to luxurious dates, I'm happy as long as we're tgt.


Another Stan Lees video to his 91st birthday.     " " So hungry gosh" as usual" Hahaha shouldn't you be at church??" We go to the same church so...ko iwe


 I can't believe I never noticed the Another World reference before. I must have seen the original like 50 times. Ouch.


     Zlat ulika | The Golden Lane  out my Ookla Speedtest result!     


 ft. Miley Cyrus, French Montana &amp; Wiz Khalifa - Feelin' Myself:  via 


We got hit with an artic blast..I'm not going outside.


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  Budjovice fans away rocking a confederate American flag, not sure what that's about


The Lesser Town (Mala Strana), one of the most historic sections of Prague, the Lesser Town features many...  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               122


In the heat of the summer there are fresh seafood restaurants along the banks of the Vltava.


 het eeadhlss snhaoerm tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the headless horseman


" Everytime you miss me you need me remember me, I will come to you I promise you I love you "


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 ksad


Google pays $17m to settle Safari cookie privacy-bypass charge - ZDNet  


99  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.31C ac foris 3.44C vre esse.


You moan und skream und claw me, und tried to eat Mein head! But I can't hold zhat against you, you're schtupid. Und you're dead.


If only I could have  on stick for breakfast everyday...      Will you COME on your tour to GERMANY?! Please! We love you,we need you&lt;3 Please Reply xx.


  On the same basis that we hardly use 3 in the middle. :)


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


On a completely different note, how are ya fucktards doing? I'm freezing, hungry &amp; sleepy, so I'm extra bitchy today. 


Gua kira masa syabila dita aulia putri"  itu guee dodol-_- poninya belah samping wkwk"


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Trancefusion Old School 2 - Johan Gielen


I've harvested 627 of food!    


 when they scored. I have the chances in the game at 9-3.


 your follow means ecerything, PLEASE, im crying:( x7


   yes sorry, mistake. :P Always singular.


 poen ruyo ysee tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: open your eyes


Global-WER News | A comprehensive, fully integrated marketing syste:  Now you can chat with  Go to  download and chat with me now!  a "Witches of East End: Today I Am A Witch" s1ep3  


I'm at Sakura's Japanese Restaurant (Liberec, Libereck)  interested in any excursions please ask our recptionist at the front desk.


    Not really. Criticizing another when he has done wrong is called accountability.


   well ... :/ it could've been worse I suppose. we're an easy target :(


Play nicely please --&gt; Lol      humiliation, not humility. Sorry Arsenal


I could seriously listen to  talk about sports all day.....ahhhhhh!!


  btw, you're getting my phone number tomorrow, promise! I was just very busy today running around Vienna!


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


I've harvested 1,584 of food!    


Photoset: hopelesslyhiddled: Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton joke around at the Cannes Film Festival....  ohh thas completely ok bb :-) im just happy i can order all those fan stuff online :-) i usually go here  J. Blige &amp; Jessie J - Do You Hear What I Hear (The X Factor, 24/11/2013) by   via 


 hi Paul! :) since I'm from Prague,I have to ask...have you ever visited Prague or even worked here?


Wedding Bells Are Ringing ~ A VJSE Wedding Treasury by Andrea Nellis  via 


Go home tetrakishydroxymethylpropanediurea, you're drunk!  plug let Chris Brown sample all the bricks before they go out.


You ever feel like condoms should do more for you?  (via   [slevra'i ehadunt isllh] (2001) Scott Atkinson, p:hypnotism c:USA poin: 22


 Awesome update! Love the new look! Now it just needs support for encrypted notes. :)


The exponential growth of Bitcoin value explained | BITCOIN OWL  Got my room.  (Checked in at Hyatt Regency Bellevue)  a friend:
I just came back from the class to literally burst into tears admiring courage of my countrymen who...     its fake delete it made by stupid tanisha fans


Folks, if you want to listen to a truly "different", why, even mad panto, listen to  NOW: myrockradio.co


If you lose your temper today it will become more difficult to... More for Capricorn  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               364


 takes first step at eliminating antibiotics in animal feed
 Sweet paradise  I think this photo doesn't need any comments.  Dresden  srsly, smh at everyone who thinks being a tall girl/woman is easy.... /last RT =^=


Absolutely adored  barrel of death among other things. Thank you for this movie.  


Although  involves men and women, it is still considered by many to be a womans responsibility.


The only thing worse than people complaining, is hearing you complaining about their complaining.. and me complaining about you.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  cheers. guess he says that after every defeat? sounds familiar..


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


Multilingualism: Johnson: Do different languages confer different personalities? | The Economist   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         282


...bad, BAD decision. cracking up every other minute &amp; completely killed now by the duet with Rufus W. XD can't. can't. just CAN'T.


Is it really possible that prime minister of postcom country resigns due to mistake of state construction supervisor?  collected $4407! Think you can do better?    


Your lips on my lipsss that's a merry, merry christmas 


ok my editing is now officially ruined... On the other hand... I can always start over right?


I wish I had a BMW X6. They are such a GREAT looking car. Said no-one. Ever


Today's the kind of day you get halfway to class and realize you should've worn more.


Happy New Year guys. Missyouall!        ({})


 Current mood:  this was supposed to be us one day


White House reporter:  administration 'most hostile' to journalists in US history
 glad I have Denise throughout the school day if I didn't have her I don't know what I would do 


31 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


 My break starts next week also! :) I am looking forward it so much!!! :)


  messes up just like anytime in his past and you guys made a mistake  


Me too  I've only had to force quit applications maybe 1000 times since using OS mavericks...no biggie. Um.


You'll forever remain in my heart Aunty Fatima and may Aljannatul firdaus be your final home (AMEEN)


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Puck banget lu siapa yg fans lo?? Hellooooooo RT   thanks fans :*


 we watched Hunger Games2 online. Why Peeta died or what happened with him? Im shocked :( poor Cinna.


Marger - Stone Heart (Part 2) [Official Video]:  via 


If the same shit happen this time mfs might as well not even hit me up


 n  going to the world cup,tht made my nyt.


 [lfei sa we wonk it] (2004) Donnelly Rhodes, p:condom c:USA poin: 18


   - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  know It gotta make u wonder how I keep from goin under


So the  was hit hard by subethaforces, the shields took a dent, but it survived once again. /cc   Pls reunion! Don't be a rumour,be real pls..  it's awesome. At least the bits I understand lol


 is where it's at. Wrote more than 3k words in 1 hour, which I never would have thought possible.


Keep voting guys, vote as much as you can, we can't let   down at the last moment, he deserves to win!!!  is the most beautiful language?  Franaise... &lt;3  collected 33,900 gold coins!    


 sunre no sewlhe tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: nurse on wheels


We are very proud of the Visual Unity Team and our client Clouds Media and their ownership and management Omari...  Little Party Never Killed Nobody (All We Got)     oh, you won a friendly!  gshc no titel, nerver...


 Use this hashtag, if you're searching for someone, you lost and also retweet this tweet to support the needy! PLEASE RT!


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 944


 Jun. K* not about time pass fast leh. I got a lot of things to do ._.


Don't you forget about me
I'll be alone, dancing, you know it baby


"After stopping for drinks at an illegal bar, a Zimbabwean bus driver found that the 20 mental patients he was...  Few! 720 words! The motivation is working!! 


Google Glass review by an independent reviewer Frantisek Fuka - this device will indeed change how enterprises work.   service providers, how do you justify charging $5 for what can easily be 1 hour or more for the task? Interested to hear back!


This morning is the first time in over 8 years I have felt homesick thanks   Excellent Xmas feeling to the show!


Navrhla bych mimo pracovni Sickdays pridat jeste Bad Hair Days.


 slaying me!          tuttuum takim Galatasaray' la memleketimin takm Sivasspor oynuyor. yi olan ney biliyormusunus, kim yenerse yensin ben sevineceim.


Now I'm no hairdresser, but Rachel Leigh Cook's extensions in this movie were not blended in AT ALL. 


 morning. can you add our event to your latest SOD's post :)   earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


"  im crying RT  my old myspace default pic, when I had hoes  dead


 Miley will be hosting  this Friday!  just went through whataburger line and ordered and realized we could get more at McDonald's... So we reversed in that bih...


Today stats: 4 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 10 people via  lunch with family            I am true Indian supporter but now I have only one reason to be happy and that is Fantasy cricket..:P


Listening to beautiful music from my talented sister. Doesn't really get any better. (And the videos  of the Moment via        


 posting 99% from work (5*hotel reception) so i really need only few clicks to do :-)


Today stats: One lovely Elf followed me and One unfollowed me via  is the structure of  objects &amp; classes in memory? Here's a deepdive by  &amp;   


" If im not off to see lisa ann saturday man.... smfh" she coming here? 


Charlie Brooker interview: Why are there no computer game TV shows?             


  lol stick it out best friend, practice &amp; heart makes real ballers &amp; I totally need some advice when you get out, so text me


SALEM Forgotten Dreams officially released!: The Album from SALEM Forgotten Dreams was officially released...  " Most people aren't actually anti-social. They choose to be alone because they hate spending time with stupid people


Creating The Story Of Middle-earth: Shadow Of Mordor  via 


 it's an irrational jealousy of someone from the past. Women harbour these jealousies more than men. Apparently. D.S.


 i feel like taking my  away from the problems and difficulties to a worry-less tropical place..and 


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Trying out some acoustic in the recording studio.    Egypt expelled Turkey's Ambassador after Erdogan praised Morsi &amp; criticized crackdown 2 days ago


 we have landed in JFK. Oj was the only thing keeping me up. Woman in front of us puked maybe eight times...so that's huge.


 [bakc dorsa] (1981) John Dennis Johnston, p:women c:USA poin: 10


Operatory Lighting: Mentors December 2103 issue features an impressive article on operatory lighting by Chris...  to give this excellent restaurant in Prague a special recommendation!  don't know what Black Friday is. More on this later.


Thanks god ... nothing is happening on  during  ... yes, enjoy your holidays!


getting binder it's decided
i hope i won't have to talk that out too much in detail with my mother needing her to boy shit not being 18 hmhm


haha... aber war^^ - Francis HATES Microtransactions and In App Purchases:  via 


 weekend start and start tweeting. if you like   milky boobs


SLAVE INSIDE US. In who and why? Read a special interview with Vitaly Mansky, whose retrospective is available until Sunday on DAFilms!


    and more time for playing w pix (at work of course loool)


 There is nothing stronger than love... :)  days, two episodes. Can I get new ep of  3rd day in a row? Pretty please!


"Baby you're my destiny, you and I were meant to be" 


Just read a fanfic that was written for me on  I melted into a puddle of goo... Too cute and too perfect for words ...


        Wish all a wonderful week!&lt;3 xx


Microsoft's Xbox: What's Ballmer got to do with it? | ZDNet  I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?     37


I just added "Autumn ride | Prague - Oech" to Biketrial:  Adams na premiere Ameriacan Hustle v satech Elie Saab  you know that 75% of Facebook ads are already in the Newsfeed? Are yours? 


I just donated to  b/c they're building the web the world needs. If you  too, donate today:  Its manufactured by an traditional company. They have the ginger candy on their website here:    Narvel and I are thrilled to pieces for you, Brandon, Savannah and Seth!!!  Love, Grandma Reba and Granddad Narvel"


 "Ellie Goulding, an actress" sounds pretty good, innit?


Ruth Wilson is just so creepy. I mean she's creepy on a normal day but here she is just super-creepy.


Smells like tartan spirit!
Sabina for Bliss Magazine UK   I miss you already :( 10 minutes wasn't nearly enough time 




"Sound City: Real to Reel" Soundtrack z dokumentu "Sound City" o nahrvacm studiu "Sound City".

 Sisi: Empress Elisabeth of Austria  Prague Blog  via 


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 named new UK boss for Aker Solutions    


 irno nitamnuo larti tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: iron mountain trail


I think that steamOS can finally help    is trying to get  to fix  issues for   can improve their performance by as much as 15% if they listen to music while working out


 is awesome, and its a shame there isnt something alike for Linux.


My Top 3  Artists: Frank Turner (25), Eddie Vedder (11) &amp; J Mascis (10)   ntrtsaig tuo ni hte eevignn tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: starting out in the evening


14 hours after arriving (+6 hr time change) I'm waking up at 7am. Suck it jetlag!


I'd gladly be a Florida fan right now instead of a bulldog. 


Zestaw zdj: yetanotherfitnessnerd: chikcs: jenyne butterfly (lady in the 2nd gif is sarah scott) sill...  I was allowed to play two songs, they stopped me after a minute and keep blasting their own crap. Inglip bless headphones.


Shopping barang dapur bersama yg tersayang. Hmm i like that.


I was cursed with my dad's side of the family's awful vision. And it was only the guys who have it. COOL


Dinner is served- mixed greens from the farmers market w fennel, carrots, avocado, pomegranate seeds  play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 32:  via 


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               376


Okay we've reached the point of coldness in this country at which my nose randomly starts to hurt like it's being pricked with needles ;_;


      You're all morons. UM is a joke. OSU exposed by SEC


I added a video to a  playlist  Z-Kat - Pupula Ligata


New research raises hopes of finding alien life on  icy moon  
  14

 







 colors


Economist letters: Lou Reed was evidently an inspiration, if not an icon, to Havel and the Czech underground. 1968 and then post-liberation.


 waking life porem eh aquele filme q n eh pra todos


Bizzare... "Blast kills Palestinian diplomat in Prague when opening safe"  moment when you think about washing up but don't because of how much the cuts and scratches gone burn  


Prelozit tweet jeste tu minutu, co byl postnut? Call me master!


Anime Game: Let's Play Seven Mysteries (Chapter 2) - BobisBlog:  ber 


China won't become the worlds largest economy until 2028  RT Business - Tick Tock, Tick Tock, It only...  Applications: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


"How the University of Minnesota golden gophers distract opposing kickers"  liked a  video  Nejlep Aplikace Pro Android Roku 2013!


one person followed me // automatically checked by  tips what to do in  next weekend? I'm thinking about last minute trip


 He won't. We're misusing his happy face although it's understandable.


I entered to win free games and a GTX 760 from  There's 11 winners every day!   


 Amazing film reviews by film critic Cookie  -  -  Jawaban benar: vh-1 where are they now: superheros,  35/346847 poin


 [gbneiml wagan upngal ek gaydan] (2009) Khir Rahman, p:Drama c:Malaysia poin: 30


 when the sea was in front of me and the sun behind the clouds   Cold where you are? Imagine how cold it is where we are, almost 3 billion miles from the Sun!" hope you got a blanket!


We need both good winners and good losers. EU's SRAP F-M Mellbin on Afghan elections in 2014 at PSSI's conference  Christmas  n  not forgetting the Polikem Family. Enjoy and stay blessed


 this guys is good and the band OMFG they are sounding very good.


Jo takze live stream z SP v CX na YouTube, jo? To se mi libi..Nebo vlastne ne..Chtel jsem pracovat:/  via 


Job Opportunity: SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Behind the scenes with the White House press corps with  . Find out what it's really like:  to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain


Melted makeup, freezing cold water, sun.. Yup that's the life.   tak potom, Cloud na macu nebo fluffy app na win - pod 25MB zadny problem. Pouzivam celkem casto.


I unlocked the Explore Jade Forest achievement in World of Warcraft!  We are looking for skilled people in fashion graphics!  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.75C, Marc 21.13C ac foris 6.5C vre esse.


 I got Parrot Zik headphones. Guess that makes me a bit cooler.


  spatny adresati. Mne retro nerika nic a Michale ty jsi definitivne generacne uplne jinde tak se do tyhle debaty aninecpi


 will improve child concentration and ability to focus. This little girl didn't close her eyes for hours.  Today: Prague, Czech Republic - Dec 21 at Yes! Club  you design, don't even think how the requirements will change in the future as it'll be changed exactly in a way you didn't expect.


Lau is the only one who got lesbian doodles. Lucky lau with sprint and baerbel


The world goes around and around and around, but i like it...^^ gn8 everybody


I've collected 15,033 gold coins!    


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


Here's one for every day - How to Manage Impossible Clients   has like 1 % of Asian music, ugly design and the tags are absolutely ridiculous. So. Yeah.


today the first hill!
       Great Potential of Topsy, Apple's Newest Purchase  Dell Latitude E6410 - after 3 years of using it feels older than a 6yrs old Lenovo T610 :/


Really enjoy walking the dog at dusk and watching the darkness winning over daylight! 


      Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  cross your fingers for the second run for Patrick Thaler and Grange Jean-baptiste: go boys go!!!


Handmade earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Jewelry earrings. Made to order!   


Derby used to have such great kits, but this is an abomination.


Besian start the second half strongly as Mokwa cuts in from the left and unleashes a strike into the corner, 2-0


 teh rnerut fo het remuesskte tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the return of the musketeers


I had a dream about  show... I just can't deal with how awesome the real show in Prague was! :)  day in Czech Republic (with Isa, Fikar, and Ihsan at Hotel Karlin)   stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers via    to budem moct posoudit a s odstupem doby.


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Need for Speed Most Wanted on Raptr!  shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


 Since there are no residency requirements in grad school, my husband and I decided not to live in Cambridge at the time. We'd


51  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


" Since everyone postin selfies. Snowin but I don't currrr   stop 'fore ya ass fall


Got an idea? Who cares. Got a way to execute it?  via 


 haha, be careful twinny, or you would hurt yourself falling of your horse lol


Tina Fey, Amy Poehler Sing Adorably Off-Key Golden Globes Intro  refuse to believe that anybody is actually happy


Oh man, missed my alarms. Apparently it is impossible for me to wake up early if it's not for school or work


 Very cool, Caroline. Give the 'rents my best!


Ak chcete na svojom iPade alebo Android tablete aj co to obcas precitat, odporucam tento free(zatial) casopis: Dotyk  hard working office night. Mozna to tak nevypada, ale makame na klientovi.     that makes the on coming fixture interesting


The BelAmi Holiday DVD Sale is on!  Take home 4 DVD's for $99!


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


 O ifadeye arlan takibe takip yapan gerzek olmasayd operasyon daha bir ka ay srecekti..


My Top 3  Artists: Parov Stelar (146), Flogging Molly (113) &amp; The Peacocks (85)   there is a     for you to read.  is coming along delightfully  D.S.


I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Pondl: NAPAPIJRI, a -52%"  Rubin Kazan played today and he was not in the squad for the first time since the start of the season. Unless he's injured..


 ym nwo uter oelv tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: my own true love


 Thank you :) Can't wait to finally see D.Dawson's 


 hi jai. It'd mean the world to me when you follow me   8


 I find this ridiculsly funny,JM askn Lukaku why he chose 2 go on loan 2 EFC, i.o playn 4 CFC:-)so now we know whom 2 blame l8r:)


3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  did standing ovation truly. I enjoyed the  really much. But the last impression from afterparty is so so so bad :(


Father and Daughter Beautifully Recreate Wedding Photos of Late Mother  anti-nuclear  under the Jalta Hotel! It was secret until 1998 and is just now open to the public.   lol no you don't! *hugs* I just feel like it'll be painful to watch xD


  and this I can't take these photos anymore TT


Jacquie was great. even I have to admit that. truly a great performance. 


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter


Sherlock Holmes je Public Domain:  rmci rovnovhy sil by te ml britsk soudce zruit Mickey Mouse Protection Act.


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


3  Important things in life. VOTE FOR

Castle   


How Can I Perfect My Language Skills?    


Ukip is planning to run one of the most dangerous campaigns in British political history: Yesterday Paul Sykes...  bought the cutest little black dress but it's so short. I feel like I can't wear it because I don't want to look like a hoochie


84  Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


ACADEMY...
a society of DISTINGUISHED scholars/artists /scientists that aim to promote and maintain standards in its particular field.


Yey! New christmas song from  ! Thank you! Love the end! :) and looking forward to new songs!
 you seen  Let's talk about it on   it's cool but don't expect too much. Best part was to see the bugging equipment.


 na   uplne v poho... Long Live Linux!


 nothing wrong with that as long as you're not taken advantage of


 All the best to your Birthday,my dear Aless!xx


I'm posting a pic of a cat and me because i dont know what Twitter is about.  dated an airbrushed piscesmale the birthdate and a few moments of solitude were the only similiar characteristics


It's great &gt;  PS1 exhibiting first Mike Kelley retrospective in US since death   Whoop neuer Edit fertig :P 

AND - Mach ma Bass wildes Kind (ANDs macht UTZ UTZ Edit)

Hauen wa morgen mit...      brazil need u! Lots of love! SAY HI TO ME AND MY FRIENDS PLEASEEEE


 Only the best played there included you,dear James...  You'd have scared the living daylight out of the driver :D Too bad you didn't get to do it.



 this song would do for e shower. nick shld know tt he is not a music 
 random noise 4rm a rglr rubbish doer 1.


3D software best use - how I see it
Motion Graphics: Cinema4D
Animation / Games: Maya
Productive modeling: Modo
PC-only/Architecture: 3DSMax


one person followed me // automatically checked by  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 20.56C ac foris 11.19C vre esse.


Tbf they're probably late themselves knowing their Muslims..


Friends, Im playing The Tribez game, and I really need the following items: 
Coral, Cut Marble, Sand
Please help me!


 Honeslty...I think there's no way. :(( (to speak with him directly) He doesn't like social media and protects his privacy


Cie chuby,cie banyk yg minta fotooooo" Performing, i love it."


 in Prague this month. Chapeau Rouge. Can't wait to see you here man!


 That was in Prague, a friend was in the Czech semi-finals. ~ Man...maybe even a two-page spread!


 :D 99 is not much compared to unity price. And you have to pay for windows when using VS. That's even worse ;)


Battlefield 4: Offizieller Paracel Storm Multiplayer Trailer:  ber 


 Jawaban benar: how many miles to babylon?,  26/330230 poin


Your natural inclination may be to prevent others from seeing ... More for Capricorn  Will you COME on your tour to GERMANY?! Please! We love you,we need you&lt;3 Please Reply x


Fstoppers Answers  How Do You Market To Social Media?   


Fair prices are clearly provided in advance. Do not get ripped off by street scam taxi drivers. We drive...  vat to Mein vandering eye should I see? A miniature slay! Pulled by filthy monkeys...


"Equal partnership between Chinese and Czechs is rather based on provincial character, China has no national interest in this country " 


I've earned a new achievement: `Barista`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


Resize windows extension 4 Chrome allows copy &amp; paste setting.     stats: 5 followers, 8 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Thank you!&lt;3 hope you're also doing well!;-) Wish u also a great weekend! xx


Beautiful Disaster  (mit littlexcher):  ber 


  " Got Milk?!    ~ retweet if you like it!"
mmmmmhh


 Thank you for wishes! Kind regards back from germany. Is getting stormy outside. Time 4 a good book and a glas red wine! *hug*


Technology is continuously used by those in power to pacify the public amd erase cultural memory. Steve Jobs killed the 60s and was rewarded


Jedno ci 2013 ci 2014, citit sa stastne a zdravo je na cely zivot ( Fitness Kotva)  I close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise.


  I remember.....when I first heard this song. :))


  with         [wtrae xrit] (1949) Preston Petersen, p:helicopter c:USA poin: 10


Added a new video: "Trossman - Korinek Band with Chick Willis in Prague, 2008  "...     I wish someone would create a wine delivery service. 


Autocorrect gets me everytime!  (ich weine vor lachen xD)


Fun on  today...  from benediktr     Cash Only  " Main-main sma cewe lagi pms itu namanya nyari mati!"


 Thanks. Have a nice day too. Thanks for voting ;)


" Strip to the waist we fall into the river and drown"


Damn, forgot my charger. Gonna watch Arrow anyway, who needs phone with full battery when they're going to an enemy city :D


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.19C ac foris 0.38C vre esse.


I'm a mostly introverted person. I don't feel bad for it whatsoever but I do get lonely sometimes... so I try to reach out to people. (1/2)


 You assume that most people would know the difference between good and bad code.


Lb se mi video   Pentatonix - PTX, Vol 2 Full Album + ZIP Download


You are determined to express yourself today at any cost. Emot... More for Capricorn   RT to vote for the best tvshow

Castle   


     I do like it a lot, has that "We saved the world" feeling! Very motivating.


What Happens When a Boeing 777 Tries to Land in a Major Crosswind     nah, it looks pretty neat for a demo.


Boy With Autism Singing 'Roar' Brings New Meaning to Katy Perry Song   we have Snow More than One week now First we come to you then to me ;-)


the orginal...4 my friend  
"How Sun is Now"
 nice saturday evening!


Backstage photo from a photoshoot we did two weeks ago at the Fusion hotel in Prague!  manzanas, vino and your mama   


Plenty kings, just a Throne, who's going to sit?:]Y


Let's play Aurora 4x - part 100 - "We have reached a 100th episode...":  prostednictvm 


Play  for FREE and become the GREATEST CAR MAKER! Use my code LPJA806 to get a bonus  


you can do anything you want in life, just don't be a fucking bitch.


That's also the reason why I don't have a girlfriend yet .__.


New year resolution ko.. Isasama ko sa playlist yun mga cover mo..


 You know this test says nothing :) I'd love to check your web but it's down right now :( CDN77   Jawaban benar: calling paul temple,  19/177 poin  1/351289 poin


 i did but there was some weird caption? or i was just too drunk to understand it lol


celebrating in 3 different time zones :)) 3 hours left...6 hours left...12 hours left...it should be FUN :))


This week on twitter: 4 new followers, 3 new unfollowers and followed 3 people via      would make it easier to party together


Weihnachten: LEGO Star  9500 - Sith Fury - class...  Launches Despite Cease and Desist From Kanye West  has updated with EasyCam to capture your biggest moments   


 eth wgyaea-t tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the get-away


Onion Review of 'Hunger Games' Declares Allegiance to Team Gale  I wish you could debug scripts in Visual Studio without paying $99 for UnityVS plugin.


HR Operating Model Fit for the Future?     sun shines so bright, but why it goes below 0 degree? :(


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x21


 Coincidentally, I am wearing one of the "Canterlot University" shirts right now. Love the subtlety!


 somewhere else for years.. I'm glad our subway is easy ;;


Going to see the Hobbit 2 in about three hours(I leave in an hour and then another hour of travel), also I need food for the next 5 hours :(


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 81


And I would walk 500 Miles, and I would walk 500 more. Das.


  Yeah but there's a difference between a typo and not knowing


People keep telling me to play AC4 and I  just don't know anything anymore


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               306


Czech press survey - December 13: Prague - Czech Social Democrat (CSSD) leader and prime minister-design...  


Untranslatable Words, shows a lot about different cultures  via 


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Everyone trying to build a messenger (    ...). :(  


Ee, ba go bontshitse!! " I tap out from this madness in maun.. Haha. No sir.. Nka swa."


Like Brandon gets them from Tijuana and there good ass quality


Anyone with a non-US/English Windows interested in The Wolf Among Us due to Steam Sale? Don't bother. It's been broken since launch.


In such a good happy mood only one thing can make it better right now 


  Hm, right, good point. But there is still that lying


Good evening from Germany my Friends        


 English Lessons via Skype, ICQ, Google Hangouts - by: EnglishTutorG: My name is Georgi...  


Heart and Stroke Study Hit by a Wave of Criticism 


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE!  takx no chances with all dis sparks I'm hearx everfing 


 [neello:ahw eth dneiis stryo] (2010) John Michael Graham, p:classic c:USA poin: 27


Re-watched Criminal Minds 9x05. Heartbreaking episode. Really amazing!


  super :) Tak mozme na mieste nieco vymysliet a sformovat rozne teamy podla napadov.


27  I love their chemistry.

Castle/Beckett   


I have this one constant struggle, for some reason I can encounter someone and just not like them, it means I can't even pretend to...ctd


O fragile bachana lmao.... RT"  why o ignore gore my team is in position 1"


Vincenzo Dalessio Laura Ragone are u ready to switch off your phone on the plain?  Reasons Why 2013 Is Britain's Sexiest Year Ever - IDRIS ELBA  pes 


There are two tomorrows. The first one is tomorrow of 'dunya', which is something not certain you can  cost of poor health in 1900 was 32% of global GDP. Today, it is down to about 11%, which by 2050 will have halved   I have a cool game for you... It's called Count the bucks I give :p


 nini my heart follow me please, I love you too x6


I'm just shocked by some people. How easy you can be manipulated


Just heard Madness' "Baggy Trousers" on the radio. That song is 33 years old. I remember when it first came out ... 


Uploaded a new YouTube video! |  | Title: [FAIL] Season 1 Episode 19 Animation Error | Descr.: Just saw this... ...


 want to bother their owners at all. Yet I still want to be a part of this video :/


And I have a track naming crisis again, God diemut.


Jumping of a cliff, skydiving will do " What do you feel Like doing rite now?  


Right now in Prague... One street away from the Hotel...  anyone know, if these are still available (anywhere)?    heard a similar things! we'll play with both, hopefully soon... What will you buy (first)?


perps send voice signals in brain auditory cortex bypassing ears


If I have my thick hair back I would be more cool.  hahaha


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 869


  i know it because i trust them;) louis said that its not real, his family said it, harry said it too, so?


I really like  feature "list as timeline" Something I was looking for ages. Simple and powerful


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


I just set a goal on  I want to run a total of 45km. Show your support!  i'm so in love with  new song!! can't wait for the album!


Just going to sleep now had a great time tonight with my family and friends merry Christmas you filthy animals


4 people followed me and 8 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  snow in the Czech Republic countryside. Stop teasing me already.  is the Ashes on again? Wasn't it already on this year? 


 Adopting BDD is hard because people arent perfect.  


 Yes, they usually migrate to get better price/performance ratio with us. Sometimes they keep S3 as an origin, that works great too :)


SEOLAH TAK TAU.HANYA ENGKAU YG KUTUJU,AKAN KUNANTIKAN HATIMU MENGIYAKANKU~  Tanyaku by Sheila On 7   Jawaban benar: brooklyn bridge,  15/373443 poin  1/16168 poin


Good morning. Current condition is Cloudy and the temperature is 6 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 20, 2013 at 07:22AM.{Aut...


Like electronic music? Download a biiig free pack on our site. And tell ur friends ;)  the breaks we like to sit in the sun, enjoy the scenery drinking hot mulled wine dariamaus     The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Most Read Articles from Last Week  November 16  


2 Peter 1:11 And you will be given a very great welcome into the kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, a kingdom that never ends.


look at this article about our man in perugia Fab Mayday! from Italo Italians and Friday I'm in Rock from...  don't like people who think they're better than others when they're actually not.


 true. These vines just crazier by the days. If I bump into you Ima pull a LeBron haha.


Ji dnes v 22h premierovy dil Sherlocka: S03E01: The Empty Hearse


stairway to art mkh          first time on twitter. "Hello World!!! It's me, Petronius! What do you mean, you never heard of me??"


    told him Santa was not real  boys right here played an amazing game last night and even though we lost I feel like we won. C/o '14  mind when peeps fight empirical data: scene with Marlo and security guard in "the wire", 'you want it to be one way, but it's the other'


We ask God to forgive us for our evil thoughts and evil temper, but rarely, if ever ask Him to forgive us for our sadness.


  only officially (papers etc) declared that  are the real bohemians..


One more quick fix of issue with association split flag. Download version 2.2.6.766  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


     reminds me  :) gooosebumps :) thanks fabian ;)


Was out mountain biking 35.27 km with  See it here:  the astronomical clock         please Liam, follow me, is all that I want most in life, i love you so muchhhhhh 1


This mini episode has been the best Christmas gift so far even though it has almost killed me.


I wonder if Mr Mulholland has remembered about that homework he gave us


Oh my freakin god ! That hair , that dress , that woman , i'm in love :)   I asked. Experts told me the worst that cud happen is long period of arbitration that would last longer than Ukr's economy.


Lb se mi video   The Most Intense Videos From Syria - Part 3


 this was the best Christmas service ever attended in Rudice, Czech Republic.  dear... I'm gonna miss you. Frohe Weinachten!  ( Dresden Hauptbahnhof w/ 3 others)  step that you take
Could be your biggest mistake
Ot could bend or it could break
That's the risk that you take


17 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x1


one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  at Skiarel Medvdn (pindlerv mln, Czech Republic)  Blog: The Vaccination Effect: 100 Million Cases of Contagious Disease Prevented 


These hourly updates of Schumi's condition are killing me inside. There's always hope.


Also congrats to AUT, huge country with unbelievable quality. Having 5 different 4H champions in the last 6 years speaks for itself. 


If you like  in  and  you might like this  from our last collection  flying home also still wanna compare.. I'm not going home okay!!


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Olly Murs - Dance With Me Tonight


 Jawaban benar: the stepfather,  14/372017 poin  1/350857 poin


 Jawaban benar: out of annie's past,  19/357059 poin


Kalau awak setia dengan saya , saya pun setia dengan awak :') Kalau awak curang dengan saya , Saya pun curang dengan awak ;') Adil kan ?


My last day of        Julinov  irony just hit me: I was about to complain how I can't stand helpless people, and then I re-read my last tweet. Time to bundle up.


I don't want to go out of my bed, but I have. 


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


  OH MY GOD..! :O I'm so much jealous, Lucy is my most favourite singer!The best gift, isn't it?! :) Merry Christmas!


Now I don't have 2 lessons, so I'm in sexta and kvinta.


 baik ah ni? Hahaha. Ok ok. Wish all the best for me lah ok? Haha. How's life? Last tegur tahun lepas. Kerek gila. Haha


Clean-up doubts: Many Fukushima evacuees may never return home
 hi, can you make something with desktop software on osx mavericks? Still can't sync calendar with my device!!! BB9900 os7


Coolest stuffed animal ever?  IKEA has a plush Big-Bad-Wolf here that comes with a Grandma that can be stuffed...   Aww thats so sweet! Thank you! That is so nice of you both! &lt;3


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         241


 Don't know all the cars in your pool - BMW? Audi? Rover? Volvo? Am curious: which one do you like best?


Youl' ll Be In My Heart - Phil Collins, arr. Stzka olcov, Petr olc - Canticorum Pilsen:  Navas -- Hiss in the air (original mix) by Digital Room Records  oh and to all of them? Bc there is many kinds ;o;


Nothing irritates me more than a person who BUYS an animal from a pet shop instead of saving one from a shelter. Smh. Ugh!


 Oooh! Can I be in it this time? I want to be the dashing hero!


 randomly followed me now I'm in love with her. She beautiful....


Ain't no wishin over on this side    


The first thing I've eatin today is Takis. Go figure 


"Sometimes I can't stand you, and sometimes it feels like I can't stand without you."


Two more days to go. A holiday is approaching.  offers you exhibition and four concerts today and tomorrow.  the hangover.       I swear I saw that shit coming. Wtf is this BS


 I knew it. Lirik's stream is scripted and all the donations and sub revenue goes to Sergey Titov. WE ARE FUNDING WARZ 2!!


i don't care what everyone says about me, i'm just being me lol 


again did a fist in the air when "all 13" happened. :)


 [ni teh enma fo olve] (2008) Dicky Wahyudi, p:Comedy c:Indonesia poin: 19


seems like  is the new chuck norris..it also explains why i love biscuits...   and Simon arnt even talking to me, just playing guitar hero IS IT BED TIME YET


Orjan Nilsen - Mafioso (Mark Sixma Remix):  pes  


" Spriteeeee soooo gooddd omggg" it ain't Dr. Pepper tho!


  fuck em I mean people hate me for a reason I'm a bloody nutcase with an ego the size of Texas so yeah


 Beautifully minimalistic! A Joy to work even longer! :-) Congrats


I have a feeling like it's a holiday today. Like Christmas or something. 


 I think the mouse scrolling requires that iOS re-searches for the QR codes. Moving the phone it might be able to shortcut that.


Download the free 12 Days of Gifts app to get a gift from iTunes every day from 26 Dec to 6 Jan.   morning. Current condition is Mostly Cloudy and the temperature is -1 celsius. Have a good one. Sunrise at November 26, 2013 at 07:3...


Have you heard Indigo 'Condition' // Released on the 'Storm' EP // Pre Order by Samurai Music Group on   musicians die: Take a musician. His greatest fear is the fear of dying violently and suddenly. The best of them die that way" 


 ghfreti udsaq tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fighter squad


 [rdame fo a btareri nefdi] (1906) Jack Brawn, p:bed c:USA poin: 24


 Hi Martin, we have up to 20% discount on AK47 SHOOTING in Prague and more activities email me ian


I am very sorry to all my followers but this make me so emotional because I love Ellie and I love EDM...


Finally  watches on my hand. But the initial experience (endless updating) was terrible and I can't imagine .         Staromstsk  you can't come up with something better, steal from someone else.  


Segaknya :( " New Outtake: Lana Del Rey at Chateau Marmont  Streamate model LOLLI !!! 
Join to:   Personal blog:  lolli.me  made a new achievement: `More Gold`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


 about 3. 2 deers and a boar. And how we cound out at a forum the dark green ej-civics seem to get often overlooked...


Schweppes tonic - tallking cheetah / mluvc gepard - old TV commercial ...:  pes 


50% Early Bird discount valid until 31.12.2013:  Europe 2014, Berlin (01.-02.04 2014)  anyone for this job? IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


Its a state of mind: Some practical indicators on doing agile vs. being agile (via   person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  gruho trttaneme tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: rough treatment


Photoset: kyungsoos most distinguishable feature according to yixing (trans)  always wanted to turn around in a big chair and say "I've been expecting you."


Czechs and The Great War: FlashPoint: The year was 1914 and Arch Duke Franz Ferdinand and his wife were attend...  red-r0ses: queued at school or stressed and crying   Santyr: 3D/2D Artist | Pencil Work - Indiana Jones  Old Town Square in Prague admiring the huge Christmas tree and gorgeous baroque buildings all lit up! Fabulous !


         Merry Christmas you all


 wow very good pic. With beautiful smile. Have a great sunday. Tc. Greeting from fan from germany.;-);-)  Peter Pan collar pink felt with preciosa beaded, detachable necklace   


Old Town Square Hotel and Residence, Prague support young artists!  don't even listen to 50 to know if he still good. He still has bars. Music just not his focus.


'X Factor' Duet of Destiny's Child Hit Shocks Kelly Rowland  our websites and choose your vacation package  
  a huge collection of amazing Steam games worth $500! via   M A T T Y &amp; G E O R G E // C U T E //
Photo credit Nicklas Hansson  New Year firework is one of the world's best.  exactly scientific, but experimental and insightful :-). Worth read on writing social media headlines.  need to bloody recycle myself and come back as a human being." ha. that's a good one for this time of the year. brilliant quote.


Name:
Arman khan

Age:
16 year

Taleem:
10th

Hobby:
FrienDshEp

Mobile numbr:
03419415142
Nice frnd cntact me


Wed, 27 Nov 2013, let us all send Myles Kennedy the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (44)


Apple products at top of holiday gift wish lists on Twitter.      |Rt 


Just loved "Ani Onix - Time Differences 109 [22-December 2013] - Tm-radio" by Ani Onix on   Thanks my brother  Looks like you had a successful day at the college my dear brother 


"I Like my doctors clen shaved"..hidden joke  Mod u vd


Good to see increased African participation at  2013. Attention to African issues improved.Still lots of room for improvement on both


   Wow, du bist ja noch creepyer als ich.


Watch this 3D Printed Brand Collaboration  Courtesy of NOOKA &amp; Cubify  


I'll put my Fiorentina shirt on now any day! 2-2 inside first 14 minutes. Top stuff.


ert is Coming to town! Nothing rings in the holiday season like children getting dragged to Hell by a Slavic demon.  Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


  pheeew another early departures. its like on highway here tonite. russians leaving since 3am :-)


Get Guess the Movie for free on your iPhone/iPad
   tearing me apart! You say one thing, he says another, and everybody changes back again."


Microsoft Launches Bing Maps Preview With High-Res 3D Imagery  you don't piss somebody off, you are doing it wrong 


Diddy, Jay Z and Dr. Dre:Worlds Highest-Paid Musicians 2013 |  liked a  video from   Prestigio MultiPhone PAP 5450 DUO (recenze)


I wanted to visit my friends in Podbrady for New Years but I'm not 'cause my family needs me here


Just ate a candy filled with rum.     


It's 4 o'clock and I dont sleep!!! And today I wake up at 5:40!!! FUCK!!!!  Home sweet home!!!!!  NO! :&lt; I need to see him back in the lovely horse car first


That was my first shower since the Columbus game. 


When a typo makes me laugh but I have no one to share it with because I'm working so late that no one else is online  can add a project using Testomato's  Want to learn more? Read our short tutorial:   in the city where        earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


      It's fine ^^ just don't make it a daily tradition


Yep I'm sure your online petition will change the world.


It's been a busy week, recording live from  Night  melodic breakdown vibes    and when did writing play analyses become googling name meanings? 


OMG your hurr, your beautiful forehead I LOVE  RT    
I LOVE    of the New Centurion, druh album formace HATRIOT, kterou vede bval frontman EXODUS Steve Zetro Souza,...  street journal on the medical cannabis hurdles prepared by czechs for czechs :/  Formula 1's Michelangelo. Marvellous article about Adrien Newey - most successful engineer ever. In Hungarian:  This constant and unending yearn for touch. Pleading of skin softly   TIME FEST: Food festival, kter nen jen o jdle (10.1.2014  8.2.2014)  i am, living with hurting knee for last 20 years, with foot for last emmm 5 years i bet. injuries, sport :)


 best christmas present u received as child???   19


 I had really spicy ramen today, it almost burned my eyes out!


I believe in coffee. Coffee for everyone.  anytime is coffee time  alf hamdela 3asaleme la a7la w aghla sam alah ye7mik w teb2a b nachatak w naje7ak ma btestehel ella el 5er 
 I'm iiihnnn
but by me is tiredness also in
mhm
what to do ?


 As documented here, you need to upgrade to Spring 3.2.5  got As British as Stephen Fry walking a corgi outside Buckingham Palace! How British Are You?   via 


 Why don't you look in the mirror???? You are fat, Liam is perfect and you not__Bitch!


I've collected 67,514 gold coins!    


Today we all go a little slower and a little more reasonably. 


 Jawaban benar: my brother's war,  16/351447 poin


Ja bych to u noch taky nedal: Americans Try To Place European Countries On A Map   pes 


I've collected $24703! Think you can do better?    


Twisted would go live the week before I can do nothing but study D:


 College Student Council! :) Goodluck on all our future endeavors for the last 3 months of the academic year!


How much does it cost to build the worlds hottest startups?  via 


 so I hated TH *yeah it makes sense I know* and then I started to like TH after CB broke up and kept listening to a band that


 Oh! Thank you so much! I love taking pictures, definitely. :)


Kdo je tady boss?        Zbavn centrum Koule  and  -  your  tool for  collaboration and content curation .)


You talk that big boy shit like always its cool i'll be chilling until further notice


I've reported a bug in HTML5 and it got fixed. Nice.   must have been an exciting bump to have got a film made about it ... ;) &lt;3


First breakfast in Prague after 6 months.         only thing I need to do now is to somehow cover the background  collected 5,758 gold coins!    


Ibuprofen may prevent marijuana-induced memory problems -  Agency Seeks Details on American Held in Iran 


Reading the  and it's not that bad, though I find the characters a bit bland and not believable and the plot a bit slow in the middle.


Film Cadillac Records...with Beyonc and Adrien Brody  great tip 


You're planning a nice dinner party but could only invite 3 people. Who would you invite?  Mala questions -_-  brown chicken stock se Sunarem - cajk! ;)  aw nonono bb just random guy on the undetgroubd lmao &gt;&lt; with jw it's all more complicated...lot happened ;;


15   Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


Good deed of the day done. Paid for a complete strangers grocery. Her card got declined. :) All is right in my heart.


It's always funny to me how when a guy speaks openly about his thirst, cries out even...it's ok. But when a girl does it she gets stares


You have to move to Prague to be able to  (


If I lived near there in Prague-Suchdol, I'd be worried about weapons and explosives too. Thing was, the embassy wasn't even open yet!


Dortmund, Bayern-Dusel, And The Dichotomy Of The Sporting Rivalry  is out!  Stories via   


Congrats to award winners at  Gala. Too bad Blake Sailors could not be added to the awards. He has been a Special Teams hero.


Zdjcie: pink-lipstickkk: gorgeous-glam: Queen of Glam rosy xo  unable to reach ship stuck in Antarctica   


 nope, I've even stopped updating my WP7.5 apps because of missing support in VS2013


he said you're gona be that bitch with every guys names tated on you 


Happy  cc           


Quatorze sorrisos da  Lori . The Walking Dead  


buy ne this ;-; "  [Help RT] PO 2PM 2014 Season's Greetings 'SWEET&amp;WILD' 440rb.  Jestli nesledujes, sleduj. Tam se to temi cunackymi prizvuky hemzi! (Cillian Murphy za vsechny.)  daily followers. 7 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  Formula Student Team Elbflorace e.V. wishes every FS Team a Merry Christmas 2013 and a Happy New Year!  heard he everythang u want. But that ain't shit if he ain't everything what u need. F wit someone real and get the best of both ya feel me


 nawpp!! I'm not kidding hahaha! Jk why po?? Anmeronn?? :o


The Yellow House Across The Street: Paintings from Sell-Arts  is like Windows, when they are up, everyone talks about them nicely, But when they fall, everyone hate them. 


"Ty mas s sebou i Miley Cyrus?" A to jsem se vcera bala, ze se nedockam))


Hobbit with a girl in one hour. I don't know what I'm more excited about; the girl or the movie. Probably the movie


Lb se mi video   Lorde - Royals (Ross Horkings Remix)


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                             63


we're all broken we'll make it in the end i can be your strength 


I push my teams music as hard if not harder than mine. We all deserve this shit   


 as you should be lol. Why is your name  ? Smh


Lb se mi video  od autora   DyE - Fantasy - Official Video


Landscape photography river photography old town by MagicSky  via 


Our IQs Are Climbing, But Were Not Getting Smarter  people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  I feel bad, I feel sad and even feel mad. But when I realize that I have you in my life, I just smile and say "ang sarap mabuhay."


I think   is now my favourite website.  :DDDD


crying because too many perfect songs are attacking me from like every page i've got opened ;___; &lt;3


Twitter Lets Brands Infiltrate TV Conversations Without Buying TV Ads  Breakin' bad EP, first track finished, another on the table. And now when it's announced I have no other option than finish it!


15 jQuery Tips and Tricks to Increase Performance | Web Revisions:  is refreshing to see that an artist in his own right,kept same backstage crew that he could easily replace with better  


Handmade square  Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


R. Schekman declares war on Cell/Science/Nature. But  is also glamour journal - publish in eLife you get a job.  may be flattering if others attempt to persuade you to part... More for Taurus  if I could have cuddles I would never leave the bed :)


I love you  &amp;  ! I'm praying for you zack &amp; can't wait to see you both! keep your heads up 


 Yaay! Got the coupon this time! :) I couldn't login in my old account, so I created a new one. Could you delete my old account? :)


It appears we're yet again experiencing issues with Steam Authentication servers.


" Justin Bieber Quits Music, Says: "I'm Retiring"
Christmas has come early!!!
 Finally


Czech jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


Just did this workout: Bootie Workout in Workout Trainer by   she says, "leaver her alone". It actually means fight for her.


MUSIC (Mitigation in Urban areas: Solutions for Innovative Cities)  u don't understand my fetish for jjong in fluffy scarves 8/////


Photoset: I dont have anIm-planning-somethinglook.  iler halde olan tek astronomik saat kulesi Pragda. ( Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock w/ 6 others) [pic]:  to see Cymbeline and help Philippine relief  in Dubai late last night for some time off and energy in. Started the sand castle project :) So far at 1.4m height.


"My sister sent a wedding invitation to Peyton Manning. He actually replied!"   New York'a yatay gei yapcam diye gidip yllardr Las  vegas'n en byk pavyonun'dan kamayan  onlayn m?


 RT  But European nights bring euphoria 


Wow.   The Texas Rangers have signed former Blue Jays catcher JP Arencibia to a 1 year, $1 million dollar deal.


 because I wasn't at home. I am now and it's working... at least for me. :)


Barber of Seville. ( Sttn opera Praha | State Opera Prague)  party noc ped Transmission
Ptek 29. 11., klub Mecca v Praze - 22.00 - 06.00
Trance Department  On...   For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


Big Bang Disruption: The "Internet Of Things" Takes Off, Gradually And Then Suddenly - Forbes  [annyrec dortne] (1967), p:cannery c:USA poin: 14


Yes, I'm talking to my Assistant (Android version of Siri)... she's luvely. What should I called her?


 Me and  were meant to be blondes  girl you ain't lying 


New Job: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


hey  if our Sheldon  was Cineese, he would like to this :)  love going outside and getting that brisk cold feeling of breathing in the winter air


benmaddahi warnermusic AtlanticRecords wbr Listen to my NEW SINGLE COLLISIO


Photoset: cyril-tanner: The Tardis in Doctor Whos 50th Anniversary Light Celebration  have destroyed an enemy Type 63! Try out this exciting action with me!    


Good luck wrestlers! Big tournament this weekend, meet tonight!


 yup, nebo alespon sestricka s peknym vystrihem. nebylo nic. uvidime co predvedou v pondeli


Now Tengah pack, almost done. Tido la Rasyid. Ifi and Muz dah dibuai mimpi tuu. Lol.   


 When I last checked it was working; editors are apparently rewriting SMSes for spelling and style.


Lb se mi video  od autora   Eyes of Youtube  - ppravy na akci


Out in 9th. Shoved 9s otb for 24bb over hijack raise. He has AKhh and K on flop. Happy with result and thanks for support everyone!


Coffee, candy cane and the Piano Guys playing... lets get this Trusts Essay written!!


A 3D printed smoke dress for Volkswagen: you have to see it to believe it  


Hey friends id appreciate it if you followed  , support the artist 


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 we love you!! have a great day and happy birthday:)


Enjoying the  direct live performances also here in many diffetent towns in the CZ. Great Falstaff!  Ballbreaker" this might be one of the funniest old ass movies I ever seen


Nov deska se songem Way Down in the Hole...znlkou z nejlepho serilu...The Wire!  me fellow feminists for I have failed you. I texted a fuckboy 1st :'''(


 [rof teh eppole] (1965) Ruth White, p:police c:USA poin: 14


 Is that a sandy storm?I saw it in Mission:Impossible Ghost protocol in Dubai.


 and  Great entertainment for this night!  the side of the Fulton County Health Dept."  nice take on the best way to learn code: There is no right way. via   


 lbutmhdo unycot tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: humboldt county


 your said is not a strong proof.. I need a strong evidence.. :P bleh.


Today stats: 2 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  few knows how is it feel to be angry to the bones.


na sz na Bitcoin  China's bet on Bitcoin:  moment when Ur uncle thinks the football players playbook on there arm.is a tv rofl


5 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 hnptoma of iownanhtc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: phantom of chinatown


I liked a  video  EVERYTHING I KNOW HAS CHANGED! - Default Dan


Needles &amp; pins in the cold cold glow 
Drifting on cliffs with the rising snow
&amp; I hope it settles soon


 i haven't thrown my shoes away yet. I'll just keep rhem and wear them when it won't be wet outside :D


 Musel si je kvuli tomu filmu obarvit. Taky se mu to nelibilo, nosil furt cepice radsi :D


stoff and whykriz ( into the future ) come to laser our hearts wirh neo italo and disco at club u tnght FREE ENTRY  am now officially the worst gift wrapper in the whole world :)


 gaya kk Billy cooL bngeetzZ.. pipinya yang tembem pengen tak cubit klo kk Billy ddektkuu. Hhehe :D


Followers - 2, Unfollowers - 9. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via   i don't think so, they already played in prague and i won't travel to see them abroad ...


Oh yes I love her like Egyptian. Want a description?


 Yeah, I should. We will see how will I feel tomorrow.


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


  Warm Congratulations from Prague! All the best to future life!Super curious for some pics!:)


I forgot my Iron Bowl button for my lanard today. 


STASERA COTTIBUS TREMA          [ocld ngthi onit nwda] (1997) Tony Lo Bianco c:USA poin: 20


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 44 others  hello! how do i connect my Boomin with my mac (mid 2012) via apt-x? it always shows: SBC codec in use.


Munich! 

Berlin vs. Munich.
The best beer I've ever tasted. 
Art and rain....  must-see (Second half) on the future of media: Kevin Spacey urges TV channels to give control to viewers:  Ha! You don't put much trust in your fellow countrymen, do you. ;)


Prague around Christmas time? Thats something you dont have to miss  Babis is most powerful person of Czech media world -Forbes: Prague - Andrej Babis, a businessman ...  


 How much are they charging attendees? If less than 100: reasonable: low barrier to entry for new speakers, else outrage.


For the Lord my God is He that goeth with me, to fight for me against my enemies to save me.


 [ayogasndo agoyhk !aajk] (2003) Hyo-jin Kong c:South Korea poin: 22


better take some profit of the table. that never hurt anyone:)


After intervention of CZ natbank we know not only EBRD is afraid: EBRD warns of risk of deflation in central Europe  emerald green framed glass earrings, Glass earrings   


Will Prentice shredding the Zkoot deck in Northern England  seems not. i've added them manually on the phone


I guess we all are more tired than we can say... Kinda sad,this school year is gonna kill us :D (irony)


 oh maybe question: is the movie already subbed? couldn't find anything about it when I've watched it.


I just voted for Paramore   Retweet to vote  via 


Join me at  and stream movies to your phone, tablet, PC. It's free!   


 [eth ihcltg] (2008) Javier Diaz, p:socks c:USA poin: 10


if i  was in Johns position, Id burn the London down. 


More breaking news from  - ice is slippery!



From what I've heard about the heavy drinking that goes on in parliament, this makes all kinds of sense  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  true... MyPOV: we are no longer selling products/services. Customers are buying experience &amp; outcomes  can someone ship Stelena and Steferine at the same time??It Does't make sence to me...-___-


Woes of Balochistans coalminers by  Excellent
 people followed me // automatically checked by  won't even be able to take a nap in the afternoon after school because I have tons of things to do for Tuesday


Lb se mi video   Pianos Become The Teeth - Such Confidence


 Just wanted to let you know that 'qwirkle-blocking' is my new favorite word! Great new episode of  Thank you very much!


 not like those big ass travellers bag weh! Just a backpack :/ but it's enough! Sure will take loads of pics :D


I voted for  Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   But yall get mad when white people try to make Obama look bad. Yet yall doing it to him right now...k." Shit I don't


Chillin with my friends at the aquarium in Dresden. I missed those guys so much.


Should be getting out of bed right now but I have much better things to do- drooling, dreaming and cuddling under the blanket.


The only thing changing is the increase in money we still them same ol  bois but ain't no tellin what my homie do for sum 


What a wonderful year ended last night!!! Thanks everybody for listening and buying our music. Special thanks to...  not that I've seen ... and I've been checking both twitter and cydia: nothing :/


I have completed the quest 'Build a Forester`s...' in the  game The Tribez.   


  I think you can't be wrong, she's "one and only"


yes yes   So Happy that Avery finally say it "I Love You"


I can't believe the level of sobriety im experiencing right now. I really can't.


Starting this day with Family Guy and some litres of coffee. Nothing makes this morning better.


 i know how you feel. Had an important exam yesterday.  And i passed it :-) will cross my fingers for you


Amazing work: (but some should beware the section of clips from horror films in the middle)  // ROCK CAF // 20:00 //  +  Nenechte si ujt tuhle party!  out running 6.12 km with  See it here:  is it possible to move VSCO cam from iphone to iPad with unedited pictures? Thx.


Steve Ballmer accelerate his departure from Microsoft ...  sobs you want to make me cry don't you TT I love when people are like this.. nice so I can talk to them or just write them


 ... Assuming this is about sherlock? What did you see??? :D


  ooh okay. Ooops. I kind of still want to give you a present, if I find something nice for you. Is that okay?


7 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by   haha awww no thank you for putting up with my over enthusiasm for things xD!


 Jawaban benar: the comedians in africa,  23/342634 poin


does jenna ever sleep bc to me it seems like she's online 24/7


The Most Wanted Single 2013. Hahaha kelakuan kak ilham~ (with  [pic]   simply-divine-creation: simply-divine-creation: Wildflowers Photography  oh ok, thats great, you cannot miss Lee and the aliens ;)!!


 YES. unlike sekai who spent only 7.1k + two coffee &gt;_&gt; yuan lai sehun is got bring card de..


Reality is catching up with you these days now that your key p... More for Scorpio     sympre may kacouple na si ate eliz eh.. Aguguy love na itu..


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?     31


getting all this cake I'll tell you how the dessert taste..


 you deserved it,absolutely! So proud of you to be in semi :) Now take some rest and next week u'll show them all U R WINNER


Heh. RT  I bet you think this op-ed is about you.  


1st thing first. You outta my life. Yes. There's no need for new year. Out now


HNY  Closer to home increasingly impressed by free care afforded to mater by NHS Scotland. Indy 2 bring more dividends in 2014!


I've harvested 330 of food!    


Jiri Ruzek Photopaper is out!  Stories via  


 Thank u, wish u the same &amp; lots of love back!&lt;3 xoxo


Kunaon maneh pundung? RT  Don't talk to me today unless it's about  THANX


 remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 38


 i'm going to read and reply to your message on dA now :3


Looking for a Technical Support for Sweden in Prague, Czech Republic  


 In case nopony noticed yet, I tend to be highly inappropriate.


Who said Christmas has to end on the 25th. Not Prague.        Who o'clock! off the the biggest library in the Universe! ooooooooooooh


I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "MERCH CREW!"  Hello! I just want to wish you and your family Happy Christmas and all the best for the next year :-)


Today stats: 2 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  u're sick but maybe i'm"  lol..you de fear ne"


  wow....I wish reunited meant what I want it to mean..but still so sweet


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           622


 I just want to say thank you for all you've done for us Directioner s. You made me so strong in the last 2 years. Ilysm 


 can i still get it ? Or pre orders are closed ?


Renate: Renate is the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries.


Water absorb is hands down one of the best abilities


  
Saq ol Linus, rhsn... heyif mn onda burda deyildim )))


Why Everybody's Excited About Tile, The Easy Way To Make Sure You Never Lose Your Phone  files  complaint against  anti-dumping levies. But is it the worlds most  country?  there are several solutions, but i think none of them is really nice :/


Wuhu .. Finally arrived with vronella at    Mosaic House  Six Enemies of Greatness (and Happiness) -
Availability - Ignorance - Commitees - Comfort - Momentum - Passivity


 he's a good golfer. He's gunna win the us open one day


when ur partner question about ur taste, remind him/her about choosing u


This would be too harsh... He won 91 races, hopefully can make this one too.  critical after ski fall too.  Apps update alerts: End of support for Internet Explorer 9  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Inauguration       Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  Krawl, Krux guy, portals, Aldous goes missing, dark Spectrobes


 Jawaban benar: the sea of grass,  16/2908 poin


 true. Niggas don't realize trap music is about trappin smh lol. Ide like they music like that.


Well Played: PlayStation, Xbox Execs Make Nice on Twitter  you when I think, like you push your things on I'll wrap, but you make me want get my sing on


you know. this film is funnier as a series of quotes rather than as a whole. this is a great one:   is it not a case of if Khana is seen at an event then its validated??? it used to be man. Am old! They know this


There's a 60m Bitcoin heist going down right now, and you can watch in real-time   The look you give when you see a dude checking out your girl  vos


Discovered that Hopes Are Great sounds better in my cheap headphones than in beats for 200 pounds. 
 disasters, and other tech predictions, for 2014 and beyond - Computerworld  Jawaban benar: way upstream,  12/8041 poin  1/366814 poin


I've just watched  Sherlock Interactive Trailer.  Check it out here  anyone actually having a good new year's day? becaue I just see everyone angry and/or sad on the internet


i'm covering my ears like a kid 

when your words mean nothing i go
la 
la 
la


 Jawaban benar: the sands of dee,  16/375206 poin


Terrifying 'Godzilla' Movie Trailer Brings Bryan Cranston to Tears  problems.. Three computers, four browsers, one colour.  oh Come on!!! are you going at kindergarden, are not you?


Its not about what u wear but about your karma. Girl xl 


 under existing law there is no difference between asteroid and planet. so unless law is changed, you cannot claim any body


Well, I'm not at school (don't even try to ask) so I will have more time to play Pokemon and then do important stuff. I'm on a roll!


 if it's any consolation.....it's absolutely freezing here 


hahaha Never knew Trevor Noah was this hilarious 


thanks for your black friday orders!       


Tearaway is an exceptionally excellent game so far. Wow.


It will be a miracle if any of this 3.5 hrs of studying sinks in 


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


all i want for christmas is a video of matt aggressively moshing and singing to some RATM song


 hey - i left you a message on FB a while ago. Please check it, i still owe you some $$.


The most expensive companies in the world remain Apple  you at the Shoot The Girl First merch table. Come buy some merch ;)    [51 rkap eeuvna] (2005) Anindya Sen, p:professor c:India poin: 14


EIBTM Trends Watch Report presented yesterday comes with good news. Read more about the forecast for 2014....   pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


Print isn't dead. It just smells funny.  


Ministers face off on climate finance in Warsaw - AFP  


 is now called  taking in the big bucks from VC:  enough, all the people telling me to see Short Term 12 and Fruitvale Station make me want to see them even less.


John Hurt looks the least War Doctor-ish of the 4 of them on that pic.8 looks very kick-ass, 11 kills w/ just his look &amp; 10 is all "really?"


Today stats: 23 followers, No unfollowers and followed 10 people via  my thoughts exactly, missing Shnicky soooooo much  :-(


 Jawaban benar: personal maid,  13/371811 poin


Stana Katic    ..again again again


 [hte rffu &amp; eyrdd ohws] (1957) Daws Butler, p:television c:USA poin: 21


 ctraic uyrf tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: arctic fury


Lov u RT  WOW!  Words cannot explain how thankful I am to have won record of the year!!  Unbelievably thankful! 


My dad is a certified photographer but he cannot a camera phone  got seven Insta followers today, I'm apparently becoming very popular.  Business Writing Tip  Talk About Quite and Rather  Jawaban benar: pluto and the gopher,  20/332515 poin


I've collected 1,221 gold coins!    


Hey, everybody. I wish all of you a great start into the bew week! 
Here its snowing yeah ^^. Its really cold...  6 game weekend again for the academy:
EBYSL: Prep vs Olimpija Ljubljana
EBJL: Jr. Varsity vs Znaim
EBJL: Vienna Capitals vs Varsity...


Yee audisi sm di buka kk RT  Happy new year to all RT" Happynewyear     


My Top 3  Artists: Laibach (91), Deutsch Nepal (28) &amp; Tying Tiffany (20)    Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


Photo: arfpuppyschneider: Free download of Dark Eyes Prt1 thanks to Doctor Who Mag   of you have been asking and waiting for this and now its here! UNITED MUSIC with Transmission! Who still...  dirrty to me' on a radio and Im laughing so hard 


hello plis deh yang ada lo keles~ RT  Seneng Mau ketemu gue beee :D "AinaRahmawati_: horeee besok pulang ketemu ayah kesayangan \


Only a few hours left 'til we see  and  in vienna! :) it's going to be  


Celebrating 2014 robertokuccu   Prague, Czech Republic  [shdyaad-ei eaizmy] (1995) John Christian Graas c:USA poin: 17


Pretending that you arent broken is the hardest thing in the world


Here for a PM conference. ( DOX Centre for Contemporary Art -   thanks for your custom in 2013, thanks for being everything a village shop should be,always open ,happy new year


*finished reading* War Against the Weak by Edwin Black  Briefing: The real threat to the Union: This is the  Evening Briefing. Sign up to get it ...  Aid for the Philippines: What You Can Do  via 


Today, I got the best grade at the German class. I'm so proud of myself, omg.


Lb se mi video  od autora   ROZHODNUT! - The Walking Dead Season 2 - Part 5.


New Liftago record: one of our drivers got 7 orders a day :-) Congratulations to our rockstar!


 thanks for tell me soon i send u my photo and something else:D


Back to Vienna, back to a whole lot of pending work. But that's a good thing.


 [uyo rea erhe] (2007) Amber Heard, p:club c:USA poin: 12


" 50 cent haven't been good at Hip hop since that Rick Ross beef" not true at all


Vintage Necklace Filigree and Glass Purple and by prettyinprague  via 


At my  I'm still a  Don't you ever  it.


Amusing  gallery of old Soviet police-themed posters:  May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


 [on eht csea hwti paalu aznh] (2009) Amy Herdy, p:interview c:USA poin: 27


My cat likes to eat doughnuts, olives and nachos 


I liked a  video from   Wer das liest ist doof


 feind uotwthi a efca tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: fiend without a face


Regional heads must answer for its peoples behavior like I do  Chechnyas Kadyrov 
 can't wait to see what you do with it. That was the turning point today. Go 'Cats!


If I am the first person ever who's told you you're a beautiful human being and there's nothing wrong with you... RUN! You'll get hurt.


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 997


"I hate sarcasm. There should be a medium in which sarcasm does not translate and is always taken literally."
and thus the internet was born


Mediterranean, beat back Germans in Africa and escape enemy submarines in the Atlantic.. Alan Turing Pardoned By UK Government, (2/3)


 [hnsitligw ltsuebl] (1937) Jack Ingram, p:prison c:USA poin: 17


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


A new favorite: 3. Cut Glass- I See You In Everyone by Cut Glass  on 


Film about life in Zizkov in the 30s, not much different today, just more run down, Love Between the Raindrops   earned 865515 points ( and 1926 results ( by donating over 1 year ( of cpu time to WCG  


Lightning may strike suddenly and change your social standing ... More for Aquarius  and my mum basically didn't even see each other today just for like one minute


TV Beitrag: Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2013 -- Nitroi, Rio de Janeiro Brasilien - Teaser  What's a good website to order boots off of?"  I wonder about the same....how long do you already wait? 


I reached the new city of Lion in My Railway on  Come for a visit :)   


 thanks guys and best wishes to you for 2014. Have never heard fireworks like here before but quite quiet now thankfully


The new  is so amazing. Electronic Super Joy, Dust, The Stanley Parable, Rogue Legacy. *throws money*  hi hi!!! Happy new year tooo!!!!  thank you thank youu!! Ikaw din!! Keep smiling!! 


pandora_uk My almost full        liked a  video from   PQRNOS angucken im INTERNET bald VERBOTEN?? - ANGRIFF der FRAGEN


Know anyone for this job? Technical Support for Sweden in Prague, Czech Republic  


  LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +ff


Marys Travel Agency wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!  just voted for HIMYM   Retweet to vote  via 


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


Mission Accomplished: I destroyed one of the fancy china cups at  


WO2013166537A1 Lighting Device For Generating A Segmented Light Distribution            My Christmas gingerbreads  DONT WANT HER TO SAY THAT I WANT HER TO SAY" I LOVE MY MOM SHES MY BEST FRIEND SHE TAUGHT ME HOW TO RIDE A BIKE TO READ TO LOVE TO SMILE"


 are in Prague with Gwil? Elysa from Prufrock is here.


 the  to the  !!!
       I love you too my angel!! You are my energy to life !!


 wow so cool wish I have too this great socks!


Easy Peasy - NEW Developer's Template for Joomla! Accessible. Based on Bootstrap framework. Try it!   podcast: Etapirovanie, Russia's Invisible Railroad  [eht ecafcsar omb] (1959) Keenan Wynn, p:detective c:USA poin: 16


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 het ornertimaps tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the sperminator


           oke hm bawa uang banyak oke  ero tak enteni pm ae yo


  Did he think just because he has a Subaru, it'd be fun to get involved in a police chase? *smh*


 Jawaban benar: she married a cop,  17/3475 poin  1/374571 poin


 [tcyism vrire] (2003) Kevin Bacon, p:friend c:USA poin: 12


 haha that's what I think I think I don't go out


boar murder :) ill-patron vs. kannadiss - Special  THXss - SET to the Folowers!! by   on 


" How can you not miss g-unit" by not having musical taste. I act like they still on top.


I have unlocked a new battleground  'Arizona - Ranch'. Join me in combat!    


I had a friend who had like her own style of drawing, but her art teacher was shitting her so she redrawn in manga and then wow so original


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


 guess what: its winter with its motto: I want to change climate


I just passed the first exam of this semester... yay! :)


 It is. It is a new religion for a lot of people. And that's fine. But how much do monks have to do with these beers?


Po dlouhy dobe na hokeji...       hahaha ohhh you'd love this years Christmas theme at my house.


 [cajk rstmrnago] (1947) Robert Barron, p:island c:USA poin: 14


Mon, 23 Dec 2013, let us all send Carla Bruni the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (46)


" Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting."


Experiencing stress doesn't motivate you to resolve a conflict... More for Libra  results of performance impact on business.     


I liked a  video  Rosa de Saron - Latitude/Longitude - Ao Vivo [2013]


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Vcera Dresden Chrismas markets.Uz jenom Prague markets a Vienna markets a bude splneno! ;)


 New (27/11/13). In process...            Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


 I admire you so much! His work just brings me happiness that always learn. Love much   


 one of my biggest dreams, exept from meeting justin of course. I WENT TO STRATFORD   My heart bleeds when a lion dies.....there is so little ... also of humanity  [teh uyenojr to facilnaroi] (2001) Mary-Ann Anderson c:USA poin: 25


 I wouldn't mind having more nights like tonight!!!


UC and OSU now have the same orange bowl trophy..... Too bad we've had ours for years now glad you guys finally caught up to us 


Offering  EXCHANGE with   related sites only (    ) Write a DM!


Czech press survey - December 20: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman will go to the Winter Olympic Gam...  


 gusto mo damit molecules kaso fitted yun kulay itim??


Telltale nejspe chyst hru na motivy Game of Thrones  liked a  video from   [1080p] 131227 Super Big Match EXO Cut


Starbucks' New Bakery Has Had A Demoralizing Effect On Baristas  via 


We just issued this nice article to give you helpful tips how to handle your  Social Media coverage over the Christm percentage of free countries is rising and of the authoritarian ones declining.  Basora(


You'll never guess where this FBI agent left a secret interrogation manual  via 


I think i cut myself while shaving that private area. Uncontrollable stinging


 Jawaban benar: the tree officer,  16/373948 poin  1/355805 poin


-50%               


one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 1000


 [ineitgnaentr eht tsorop] (1994) Robert Taylor, p:military c:USA poin: 23


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 6 others [pic]:  payagan sa Rakrakan '13 this saturdayyyyy. Huhubells. Kahit eto lang masaya na si bebelablabq0h


Czech Jewelry Polymer Clay handmade spoon Pendant "Silver Spoon with crystals", Crystal clay Pendant   


I'm at Marketing Festival 2013 (Rooseveltova 31/7, Jankovo divadlo, Brno)  night and sweet dreams .. sleep well .. i wish you a great beautiful sunday my Friends:)  got a reward: Master of the Ice astle in BigBusiness Deluxe for Android    


From the Icy Streets of Kiev, Ukraine Spring Goes Global  [eth hcteamrn fo nvceie] (1908) Paul Panzer, p:italy c:USA poin: 22


 there is pass below and good, very good above. Something like 3 I guess.


Lb se mi video   Barack Obama Singing Made in the USA by Demi Lovato


I just started following Louis de Caunes on Vimeo:  this team talk beta is anything to go by, unlike in Windows, QT5 is quite an accessibility step back for the mac.


 It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


Ever since my dad got an iPhone all he does is FaceTime me 


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


 that is true! And the wind played a big role as well, although talent can't be covered much by bad conditions.


 fans clash in hideous fight during football match (GRAPHIC PHOTOS, VIDEO) who has not seen it yet
 doesn't matter if there's a snow day in champaign. I'll still be in the clinic working. People never stop getting sick. 


Square Feet: Modern Makeover for Wrigley Building, Long a Hallmark of Chicagos Skyline 


An alcoholic is someone whose feet are firmly planted in thin air


 you (as a part of my volbeat family) makes me smile :)


Startup Stories: Zagsters mission to make bike sharing simple  via 


Oh and also the engine was already running... 'coz my old car need help to defrost the windows... Jana vs CAR - 0:1 Dear car, you won!


only black i'm wearing today is my socks. i'm a part-time emo


D3!C is playing  Friday Club Session, Kraftwerk Mitte Dresden Germany, Fri 06 Dec  


Yet another      Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  This is 1 person's fault. Why should put the blame on others? Cheap publicity ain't go nowhere kid. 


 [noekt uhhbkaccn] (2009) Jeff Howard, p:actor c:USA poin: 15


 on federal student loans you die your debt is clear. I'm American- just live here.


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sduzd


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           560


Pleased by the customer service at    Warranty carried out with sincerity and care about the customer by Mr.Stefan Ecker


Tottenham is using blood spinning treatment on its players, and nobody seems to know if its doping   Eye Cherry - Save Tonight Official Video:  via 


" OMG if someone is not selling these stickers,why not? RT  My new laptop is powered by...  haha


 Finally!;-) To bad that it reached you so late...:-(


We need to hangout soon !  You didn't even tell me you went to the Dresden game  


I am so tired today! But maybe I have solution/get some sleep... or maybe not... I have too much stuff to do, thanks school!


blindly reached into the sock drawer this morning and happened to grab the right pair ...  Designers and Tech Startups Should Be Collaborating More  via 


 it's quite long time since we've seen them like this on signing, isnt it


"Just a typical fallen leaf in my neighborhood.....":  via 


Typographic Readability and Legibility  Design &amp; Illustration  Tuts+  Game: Let's Play Mermaid Swamp (Chapter - The End) - BobisBlog:  ber 


Nanocarbons in flexible polymers for the thermoelectric energy recovery  EU project NanoCaTe at 


          you haven't noticed yet, centerville and mystic have 4G!!!!!


Now driving with the bus to the shopping mall, I'm bored.


 There's CCTV of the rescue? Share it with us, please! (if you're allowed to)


Not so sure if its Mama awards or Bigbang concert .. Lots of crownstick ! 


Horrible looking crash of C-172, both aviators in hospital, but information is not complete, yet  i don't know what the people who play PSO2 are like :x


I just started following Rachel Antonoff on Vimeo:  event button" that's what I miss on  or embed outside it. Then guys play a little with event cal &amp; notifications 


Wondering how to read  with a turkey leg in your mouth? Actually, that shouldn't prevent you from reading anything. Hmm...


Time to do some work and send some invoice before New year...


jfc i have to calm down so im gonna watch latest iron man jesus fuck one direction, like literally


 I always expected Moyes to come under fire at some point but not so soon and so vicious. What effect does this have on the team?


Check out this awesome site: TrafficSwirl -   


 Some God up there masturbated and ejaculated all on Britannia


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


I was tryna go to sleep early but that's not happening


 [ivissno fo repoeu] (2004) Runa Egilsdttir, p:europe c:UK poin: 17


Blind Man Guesses the Colors of Scented Markers  top heavyweight boxer Ondrej Pala to face Derek Chisora in London this Saturday. Czech media not giving a damn. Sad.


Tak a ted zacina silvestrovsky peklo ( Penzion Oudole w/   birthday tweet.  Death has a wonderful way of clearing your schedule.


Bloody Sexy HALLOWEEN was AMAZING, New Year's Eve will be as well !!

 Ticketpro.cz   OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/PL-055 (dr, 629m, 4pt) 14.062 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=25 dB at SK3W {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


I not Trynna be tha  of the industry. I'm Trynna be tha God of underground


I liked a  video  Lets Play TTT Kurt ist immer Traitor!


 good come to the one l am hostin Dec on the 13th at Holiday Inn


I just joined LinkedIn and created my professional profile. Join my network.  


Lb se mi video   Eurythmics - When Tomorrow Comes


 moves forward with plans for Orwellian surveillance complex
 did you putem over your shoulder and pat his kaback


We're in the 2. round and it gets more tensing. The  is close! Are you waiting?   between - two to one... the odd balance is probably not a prophet for disaster. dance on for now


I'm at OC Letany (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 9 others  story of how a giant mega-corp. tried to take on a young upstart &amp; ended up retreating in utter defeat.   jsem chvilku Super Paper Mario a snad 20 minut nedabovany, velenudny a nepreskocitelny, wtf pribehovy intro. Nintendak ze me nebude.


so I guess the chronology goes Brain, Sisterhood audio, and Night of the Doc. it probably appeared in more tho.


Drinking a Marks &amp; Spencer Cambridgeshire Golden Ale by   Our Personal Heaven   [eelomype fo teh hmnto] (1994) Kerri Downs, p:bondage c:USA poin: 21


The Designer's Review of Books  Books for the creative mind.  stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed one person via  To je mi lto. Opravit, nalakovat, vymalovat! My doma mme sluneno.:) 


Watch our film for Syrias children with Ewan McGregor, Michael Sheen, Tom Hiddleston, Emma...  don't grow into creativity, we grow out of it." How schools kill creativity _ Great talk by Sir Ken Robinson  


5 Alternatives to Releasing Your Email Address Publicly  how do write it:

1) "in a core jar file"
2) "in a core JAR file"
3) "in a core .jar file"

It's amazing how opinions differ!


Be careful who you trust. If someone will discuss OTHERS with you, they will certainly discuss YOU with others.  tattoo yeah!!!i have one and next year will come a new bigger one


Our partners for our hot Asian Xmas party, KLM Airlines, are giving away two free tickets to anyway in Asia....  RT   Korean and (new) Chinese movies will conquer the world  


Lb se mi video  od autora   Armin van Buuren feat. Trevor Guthrie - This Is What It Feels


 TOTALLY CUTE OMG I CAN IMAGINE THE CAMERA KAZA KAZA KAZA SO FORTUNATE TO CAPTURE THAT MOMENT I NEED THAT PICTURE IN HD


I'd bet when the doctors wanted to examine his knee,Kobe said " 'tis but a scratch".     


//Yeah, someone pour it in; make it a dirt dance floor again//


Holy Tech Batman!  as  quite cool stuff! Great article by    via  


She loved life and it loved her right back | via Tumblr  time someone use  in physics presentation, one of LHC dipole should blow up.   


 [eno ealsf mvoe] (1992) Steven Reich, p:arkansas c:USA poin: 14


If your friend brings you around hot bitches an talks shit he ain't your friend. You just make him feel good bout himself


What's the difference between a vampire with toothache and a rainstorm? One roars with pain and the other pours with rain.


 haven't tasted them but they smelled so nice! *o*


 Besides that, the main cast signed 5 years contracts and that's what I always repeat and always will be ;)...


Nature photography nature autumn dream autumn colors by MagicSky  via 


 ( MS Weitblick - Casino Sapporobogen w/ 4 others)  "Some people where even killed just because they were transgender"


Andrea  Our nationals in  have been a good comp,in  not so much for me,although the preparation was well. 


 [ehmlaci boalnc] (2004) Jake Speer, p:star c:USA poin: 14


Christmas is near upon us. The holiday is one of my favorites.


 [coen ni a eifitlme] (1925) Ashton Dearholt, p:melodrama c:USA poin: 18


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 860


 I just tuned in and see wc3 on the screen!!!!! HELL YESSSSSSSSS


Lister and   and this is what you can experience in   playing    Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Information on the Internet 


 a ilfmya ffaria tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: a family affair


Minecraft mit Paysafecard [November 2013]!!:  ber 


Last day to support DEX - action/stealth sidescrolling   already funded from Czech!  


Oppars should have dance step like wintergames for cb, thats super cool!!


TIL it's selfish to ask for support from your bf and not wanting to spend the night alone when he could've gone partying


So. Do you think that Sheryl Crow ever forgave Lance Armstrong for his cheating?


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               396


      Marry CHRISTMAS and happy new year my IDIOTS love you so MUCH


 [samse] (1993) Fernando Linares, p:interview c:USA poin: 5


Renate: Renate is free of all prejudices - she hates every one equally


  Thanks for putting this up. BTW your IoT landscape map is a quite cool too! :)


If  doesn't get the Ballon DOr shit, I am done. because he trully deserves it like no one other does.


 Jawaban benar: remember when,  13/373998 poin


Possibility of inflight use of personal electronic devices expanded by new European Aviation Safety Agency guidance -   exhibiton of works by renowned photographer Elliot Erwitt   


you've had so many guys above you, no wonder you look so down


Let's play Civilisation V G&amp;K - Survival (Immortal/Ethiopia) - 025:  prostednictvm 


Mum just got her new phone. She's now proudly rocking her blue   :-D          Thank you!


hey  I am enjoying the French version of your book! I know the end but I can't help reading ;) HNY!  Blogs to Read in 2014 | Mapping Megan  via 


Indian media criticise politician's demand to ban English language in parliament  posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Deep Sea Wine &amp; Dine  Kampa Park (1725 CZK/pp)"  jsem jako oblben video   Alpha &amp; Wildstylez - Atrocious (HQ Preview)


GT defender needs to go pick up his shoes at the goal line.  Bennett 


Great opportunity for Senior Database Administrator - GURU Level!  


 Jawaban benar: the devil at your feet,  22/54053 poin


 my daughters Name is Hannah too :)) but she is 7yrs old


If I am saying smt differently, then I am most irritated, angry and crazy person in the world. COME ON.


I'm gonna start a rap collective with  and 10 women it's gonna be called Two Wang Clan.


Watch Out: Most Cell-Phone Owners Experience 'Distracted Walking'  scrolls came with ":)" - as even though the audience is smaller, I enjoy the community much more &lt;3


Jan Ltal from the human rights department of the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs is chairing the panel and introducing the topic


when ppl update their status like this n without using punctuation as though theyve never been to school or something like why u do that 4


what's mercury doing these days besides effing with me????


 was cussing me out this morning because she had to go on the wrecker call because I didn't want to get up 


Pentagon says halts ground shipments out of Afghanistan via Pakistan  Chromebook 11 Gives Students and Teachers Affordable, Easy Access to Technology at School and Home  just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               380


 Selalunya the later i sleep, the easier it is for me to wake up early.  takyah tipu ahh


 |  Two million  tweets and texts to change lives.
 for our Super Bowl Party at Plus City Pasching! be there!  follow me please! i will have perfect christmas if you follow me!!! you are amazing dacer!! &lt;33 ))


Mint Green and Smoky Quartz Art Deco Cubistic by prettyinprague  via 


 Love 2 read more about this debate. I've seen no legit critic make argument that 2 preserve anonymity a fake name shud be used.


Consumer tech spending will see small contraction in 2014 - Computerworld  


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x25


But now it's all backwards
adverbs from loud birds get spread like flowers


Can You Use Risk Analysis to Predict Startup Success?  like that insecure Michelle O. picstich inspired black women.


I voted for Castle/Beckett. Best Couple 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   Fallon Gives Pop Hits a Very Festive Holiday Makeover  you're bored and need some FUNK to get you moving, listen to  Trunk of Funk:  *wiggles to the music*


 he didn't answer my text I'm bout have a Afro in a min 


If Tottenham loses today AVB is probably gonna lose his job


Landscape photography square photography Prague by MagicSky  via 


48  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


  "... and told us that you could help us to manage a gig on the 18th of January 2014 in Dresden." 


G+: The Pale Blue Dot. Taken by Voyager 1 in 1990 at a distance of 3.7 billion miles.  |  out our facebook profile  find more pictures there


Prove to everyone that you are bulletproof. Just ignore that B Free. Fighting!  


Some of you need to shake off this mood you find yourself in. Right...More  LOVE Scope here  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 13 others  to heaven :-D haha . Yodah . Baik baik lo yak ;-) RT


Merry Xmas to BMM gang, families and friends! Best wishes to all FB fans!


 Vsechny programy v prostredi metro ;) Troll level: Microsoft.


I liked a  video  Cyanide &amp; Happiness - Big Sausage Pizza


Trendy 12: Radio Globo, Metro Melbourne, Rething, Cusinela a Funeraria Lopez :-)  sometimes I wonder if americans know real dishes. cant help myself, but I think this was more delicious than it looks like.


Reposting fascinating behind the scenes  video. Merkel:  "Good to see you here, but we expected more." (1:50)  [teh ecrtepf trosm] (2000) Jim Argenbright, p:sea c:USA poin: 17


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 4 people via  Silver Arrow Extreme a CM V8 GTS: ldri svojich kategri  Merry Christmas (sorry I know I'm late) and I hope you had a nice Father Christmas ;)


(Psst, there's another session tomorrow!) "First vJUG online meetup with Trisha Gee freakin rocked"  via 


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba Angel of the Night City, watercolor, 41 x 28 cm, 2013  out my new decal  in  for iPhone. It's FREE!   na lang bukas! Tapos na ko! Sa wakas! Wooh! Thank you, Lord! :)


Hold on a diddly dang second markiplier and kins both live in the same state i'm moving there wtf


Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did.     


Yeaayy Cc  happiness"    Happy birthday!! Have fun on your special day!"


The Jordan Travel Daily is out!  Stories via  


I liked a  video  When Harry Met Sally In Real Life - Movies In Real Life (Ep 7)


Damnit  do I have to redo the picture now that you posted the new cutie mark?


I should be in Berlin right now waiting for Panic! :ccc


Lets Play Together Sim City 5  Reichenviertel [DEUTSCH] [HD]:  ber 


Today stats: 38 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 44 people via  from Prague having my newborn baby boy on knees :) 


Apply Today: Relationship Manager/SME-Corporate in Prague, Czech Republic  


It's time to introduce our new team! GRN Czech proudly presents: Munny, promotions specialist  most magical month of the year has arrived. Hi December! 


Just once, I want to be hard to leave. I want someone staying up all night thinking only of me.


Fotoserie: 4new/old pictures from in better quality via dior  [scafnri soeg ot het srace] (1951) Barry Kelley, p:sequel c:USA poin: 25


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Fri, 15 Nov 2013, let us all send Minami Minegishi the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (21)


Good Luck on Finals!
Here is a fun snowflake maker when you need a break from all your studies.
 Solicitors Ireland Survey 2013 

       


    i was busy and i nearly cut off my finger,does that excuse me for getting the whole thing now? :'D


TASTY DRUMS is my monthly podcast for HMC. Each episode features a blend of the best drum &amp; bass in the industry:...  hiring! Sales Support Specialist at IDC - United Arab Emirates   Forever is a long time. But I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. "


 that would be great mate... what have you been up to?


  edition    n  wow very good pic wih beautiful womans. Enjoy it. ;-);-);-);-)  Bad coffee can really ruin your mood in the morning     


A new favorite: General Levy meets Bonnot - Choo choo remix by General levy  on 


Davis cup in Prague: Last week there was exhibited Davis cup . It could be seen at buildimg of Czech radio (e...  jsem do seznamu vide  video  Mahamrityunjaya Mantra Original Anuradha Paudwal with


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


The End, ink on paper, Humphrey Bogart, Nicolas Ray     You should comment on the entire story from GQ on Phil not just the context that fits your snotty template


The best Christmas gift you can give! Voucher for tour with the homeless from Pragulic.
For any our tour any...  dalsi, jina, bilance ... BLOG by PROKOP BUBEN ( - 2013  pes 


Someone should totally snap chat me at work :-) username: lynsiiscool     Ok thnx


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.88C, Marc 21.69C ac foris 2.56C vre esse.


"Folding Your Universe" for Tune of the Year 2013? Please share this photo on your wall and Spread Love &amp; Peace...  it was back in the days nkabo a setse a biditse motho


Wow!!! Field goal returned for Auburn TD to win  :) I didnt expect that


 and on that note, merry merry christmas to the Guises + Petersons!


 9 minutes to go... Hope the next year is gonna be a good one xxx


11 Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


Hozzadtam egy videt egy lejtszsi listhoz (   TOLERANTIA - a short animated film by Ivan


O Allah, encompass us in the vastness of Your mercy.


 burns Australian flags outside embassy as spying tensions mount
 Jawaban benar: death defying acts,  18/338226 poin


P  T E K = N A S A D I T .   E S . D N E S . F A K E S . R A N N I . M O T C H . P L S T K . &gt; &gt; &gt; F R I D A Y .


Portuguese Announcer During Ronaldo Goals Is Pure World Cup Joy  takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, youll do things differently.Warren Buffett


I liked a  video from   [HD] 131227 KBS Song Festival SNSD - I Got A Boy


Nice piece of new furniture by muller van severen, a furniture project by the creative couple Fien Muller and...  he's so cute in this video i just want to shower his face with kisses


A bit of intellectual banter can add to the fun now, even if t... More for Aquarius  Workshop VJingu a Video Mappingu v Praze powered by  &amp; VJeov v Praze/ VJs in Prague community&gt;&gt;&gt; STAY TUNED!!!


1 weekly unfollower. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  you on twitter running yo mouth tryna make me look stupid when I did nothing wrong !


 Thanks for looking out for the environment :)  Loved your tweet about 


 How's ur post op rehabilitation? Hope it's getting better each day


 party! Celebrate freedom with the 80's and 90's music on a roof top!  (MPO): we want to grow the number of internationally accredited incubators in next 5 years (now we have just 3 - editor's note).


 wow good click. Have a great sunday. Take care of yourself. Lovely greeting from germany;-);-)


             Why is Hitlers 'Mein Kampf' topping e-book charts?  question


That's just a couch with pillow and blanket not a bed


 Jawaban benar: baby's day out,  14/332484 poin


I just downloaded a Free Magazine Presentation PSD by   haha, still plenty of time twinny, but go ahead lol


 Jawaban benar: a little night music,  20/93929 poin  1/360636 poin  1/319320 poin


Some more  pics. Lightpainting, Blinkdingsis, Artwork, Fun... :) Enjoy them on Flickr:  love her,so I hate myself even more for being so jealous!As if it wasn't bad enough that I hate myself for myself&amp;complete lack of talent.


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany Fan:)


Batman '66 villains incl Catwoman --&gt; Ask Chris  Reformation 66  


Photo: Spent the day visiting with this very good friend of mine. I love this old man like my father. So...  Well, I wouldve expected app/hal+json to be a specialization of app/json But its not.


Zkuste si nkdy zhudebnit upln nhodnej text. Teba:
Please, please,
let me, let me,
get what i want *jej* this time.


I've collected 18,777 gold coins!    


Olympiacos Pireus vs Anderlecht 3:1 - 3 cervney karty, 3 penalty, z toho 2 nepromeneny. Wtf


Wed, 08 Jan 2014, let us all send Kathleen Noone the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (69)


Silver Blue Pink Lampwork Beads Set Solid by CzechBeadsExclusive    


 [eth 94th ualann mrgamy srdawa] (2007) Christy Crowl, p:tv-special c:USA poin: 29


  it's a sick track. check this dude auditioning for Slipknot since Joey left  at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 17 others  ruin a second chance. Second chances don't come often.


Ugh, I hope that Soviet officer won't show up this time. He has a terrible OC. Looks like Stalin.


Floating Apps makes your Android phone or tablet powerful with floating windows and multitasking.  


Turns out  isn't the only person that snores in this hostel 


Barenz - New PLASTIC project 3style (intro - WHITE JOKE EP):  via 


 I don't like linux, people say it is good but it looks too chaotic to me


I'm super terrified to use retiming with interlaced footage. Do I have to be?   


Lb se mi video   Miley Cyrus - Do My Thang (uncensored, original voice)


You might not have an outlet to express the emotional intensit... More for Sagittarius  Hell yea, ask dumb questions is always a great practice. I am using it everyday in my team :)


Nov Messenger pro iOS vypad moc hezky   


And the 4th of 4 cakes!!!!! Happy Birthday Tameka!       jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


My love having dinner ...            triangles? This way? MT   Again two triangles and one webgl shader:   and homeless people smell the same in Czech republic


I just signed up to help  reinvent the mobile phone using  Join me at   


SMEs missing out on export sales because they can't communicate in other languages &lt;not new, but needs to be said&gt;  Yes, you need to use Wi-Fi to transfer files to Mac.


Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Frohe Weihnachten und Neues Yahr! Feliz Navidad a todos!   do you spell the guitar riff from carry on wayward son in cyrillic letters this is very important


Your instincts might take you in the opposite direction of you... More for Capricorn  are over 500 types of pasta. Wow. The pastabilities are endless...


well...it's kinda lighter but still pretty dark jfc ive made a mistake


My Top 3  Artists: Biffy Clyro (64), Hinder (28) &amp; Tom Klus (21)  Tips for Creating a Professional Learning Network  Language Learning Under the Christmas Tree!  via 


 so glad when this finally happened....it had been a long frustrating week after she cancelled the wedding. luv the expressions


 seems to be in the Scouse blood. we don't have to look any further than our dear Paul McG. :)


 yep i am at work...we're getting ready for this diplomatic dinner but i just cut myself orz


Photo: keraaminenkettu: fromsouptonuts: BECAUSE THIS IS REALITY Planet of Shorts (a.k.a. Planet of Fire)...  with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Hello! How many of you use Twitter from mobile devices only? :-)


Mr.President, you're not welcome in Ukraine either!  " RT!" Definitely my favorite vine ever !  lmaaooo yaaassss" Lmao


Prague, here comes your nightmare... or may be mine?!


Please look at it  Polonia te amo Tini ( live on   Nobody does it better. Pls RT.

Castle   


10  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?     12


Watch osu! World Cup 2013 - Grand Final: Korea vs Taiwan on              lot of my (single) lady friends don't understand why I go out of my way to...   of snow out there... nice.  Braap! yeahhh...


Dez chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


Amazing A Capella Group Sings a Christmas Classic That You Will LOVE!  oop Christiana Eyengi (wideo)    just entered to  &amp; you can too: "Powercolor Radeon R9 280X TurboDuo OC". Enter the  here:  ehhh yeke.. :3 baru kita tahu.. maknenye mat rempit tuh semua illegal cyclist lah eaa? 


You want a Lamborghini? Sip martinis?
Look hot in a bikini? You better work bitch.


3 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  which is acquired without difficulty is dispersed with equal facility.


 Jawaban benar: a foreign affair,  16/146 poin  1/351267 poin


  Yes, then I realized what just happened :D


But when you gradually through communal prayer on the Mount dedicate yourself to love and serve God,


left the store crying for the second time this month because czech customer service


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 szdge


Artist Brilliantly Recreates the Awkward Faces of Real Estate Ads  coming soon!!   6jirik6  Nmst Brands Nad Labem  Sharing with group: There is non hand-shaking,fist-bumping movement here to avoid inevitable germ spreading.Yes,really 


 but he got go ah? i forgot alr :/ ooo meaning infinite won smth!


 In the strict sense they were not soldiers though. In Exeter they wore plumes of white feathers.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.0C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 8.5C vre esse.


Bob Ross vs Pablo Picasso - Epic Rap Battles of History Season 3. !!!:-)  chart that proves capitalism is better than socialism: Take a look at the above chart, originally publishe...  Czech Cloud partner is live on twitter!  follow to get latest news around cloud


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  Pro by Readdle by Readdle in App of the Week!
For free...NICE!   Jawaban benar: love and the midnight auto supply,  33/323991 poin


 tyvole vondrkov: sing duet - in germany or in spain? 


"Bar in Brooklyn Raises Drinking Age to 25 Because Young People Are Too Annoying"  Jawaban benar: the potato hunter,  17/322242 poin


 Where do you go skiing (if you do) in Switzerland?  


      on march 1st :-) last time saw it live few yrs ago yayyyy


Legend of  :)) when you have the best New Year Eve's  !!!   !!   else you can do in Prague?Get out of there  for the week have arrived. 1 new unfollower. Stats via  trynna wake up lol :D I'm Looking you can with Austin's home sleep  at ROXY/NoD -  for Video Lectures | Petr Vrna: Vzestup a pd newyorsk The Kitchen; New York 70. let  teacher oks lang yan... Pahinga pahinga din pag may time :)


Today stats: 4 lovely Elves followed me and 2 unfollowed me via  night!            You Have A Good Heart:
You Help Too Much 
You Trust Too Much
You Give Too Much
You Love Too Much 
And It Always Seems
You Hurt The Most


 A little but it's ok :) It was more fun than anythin :D I couldn't help but laughin bc it's too much...my boss


If only it was accessible... RT  Tweetbot for Mac updated with major bug fixes  Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


The Butterfly Effect: A small change in the world, such as the flap of a butterfly's wings can set off a hurricane, thousands of miles away.


Had a productive day: new    submitted  application and went shopping! Now   D.S.


    ev'body wants to get rid of two worlds  we cannot stay in p2k a'more, we should move.


Back in the USA next week! Thu 19th  / Fri 20th  / Sat 21st  :-) Will you be there?  tudo pra me estressar The Walking Dead  


Attempt at over-Christmasing the sh* out of my Instagram, how am I doing?    our article about today's competition that can be found on weltcup-klingenthal.eu:  I feel so bad for not having a present for you :((((((((( D;


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Cesar Millan Eckhart Tolle 1/3 Polskie napisy PL    I'm a founder of OriJeans, a bespoke denim startup. I'd like to introduce our idea to your readers on Awesomer.


A couple watch the river.       Prask nplavka |      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  Song from CROM "My Destiny" - RockOn Friends !!  Allaah, do not place upon us, due to our sins, an authority who does not fear or revere You and who will not have mercy on us. Ameen"


MEGA: Report of DESERT WARBLER from Tovaov today. First record for Czech Republic if accepted.  


Brian &amp; Frank Lucas &amp; Bon Finix
27.11.2013 | start 21.00 | Retro Music Hall | Francouzsk 4, Prague 2, 12000 |...  uh sorry for being a party pooper but i'm knackered this homework cost me a lot of energy :/


The Chalet Les Gentianes 1850 in Courchevel, the French Alps  Holdout 'Harper's' Magazine's First App Coming This Week  [njho f:iwflcey hte nnmoirg rsat] (1984) Patrick Gorman, p:bible c:USA poin: 31


Ver milan vs inter o ver a los saints vs panthers 


Shock four-country poll reveals widening gulf between  and 
 says 30 diplomats, including  meeting with opposition. Anyone know if true?  Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


 We're working on offline app, pre-alpha preview is already available at  haha yeah i read that like a thousand times since warped started. apparently many people have seen SP for the 1st time :D


Samsung Galaxy Gear-Sony SmartWatch 1 generace s lepm displejem za 2x vy cenu.   First seed for 10.9.2 has been made available to dev's. 10.9.2 is not going public until a another few seeds.


and: if my music-"mojo" shouldnt be enough to get you thru the nite, go and pop into   tunes! best, cu next year!


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany Fan:)


Straight off the flight, like where the weed at?

Smoke so loud shorty giving me feedback


oder lieber so ein Cover ^_- Radioactive - Lindsey Stirling and Pentatonix (Imagine Dragons Cover):  via 


I liked a  video  Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey... Stuff


 [cnahpis efr bitinar] (1943) Jack Mercer, p:popeye c:USA poin: 19


  195, but I started late and only just woke up. Still good.


 That is AWESOME! =D I can't wait. I will obviously post them on ntower as soon as you upload then! (if I am awake at that time.)


My self just told my self I'm the motherfucking man I don't need no help.


"Honesty is a very expensive gift, Don't expect it from cheap people." - Warren Buffett  course assisted suicide is a moral concern: Should people be allowed  or helped  to take their own life w...  Historian Stanislav Kulchytsky discusses how the nation's past led to their current situation   


 [i olev my mn-olethraw-i .btu..] (1948) Dave O'Brien, p:painting c:USA poin: 30


Guess its safer than firing guns into the sky. RT  1,067 cars set fire during N Year celebrati in France  nfaiarc no:dnuuregrd acdrymeoc ni krdaa tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: african underground: democracy in dakar


TV Shows Are the Most Popular Type of Online Video for All Ages    All over Macclesfield to beat Sheffield Wed today. Mac are flying, 7/2 at home. 


I've watched "Previously Unaired Christmas" (S5 E8) of Glee (via 


 it's one of the top 10 most dangerous cities in the world, read it on a blog recently


The best proposal I've seen to make Congress actually do their friggin' jobs for once.  (via   Oh no! An English copper without his tea! That's just wrong. That's as bad as not having any doughnuts ... ;b


Zznam z diskuze Avantgarda a levicov politika (konference o surrealismu) / A record of the discussion...      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  yeah my sister saw me picking up a hitchhiker and she told my mom. She threatened to take my car away


NSA surveillance is Not Securing Anybody: The legality of the NSA spy program will likely be resolved by the S...  Fischer athlete, Sylvan Ellefson, talks about the coming season, training and what it means to be a US racer...  Years Knockout: 
New Years Knockout - bojujte v boxerskm ringu proti rznm celebritm a trnujte va...  yrmre msrenitue tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: merry mutineers


Neues von 
Twitter steps up security against cyber-predators
 Never before has a name so blessed a career. Well, except for Englebert Humperdink.


I have my doubts about  switching support. Iou on Unix is too buggy and qemu can't run sparc Solaris. Curious to see how they fix this


I just got full access to Code School for 48 hours! Get your Hall Pass now and go on a learning-spree for free:  I know. It's very hard to work with those kind of people. :-(


Vote for a Castle episode: (Still) vs. Beauty and the Beast (Man or Beast?)  Hola! Look at my polish version of "Podemos"  What do you think about it? :)


   aaargh, please stop, or I'll freak out!!


So what's the best "Summertime Sadness" remix? Stuff on Soundcloud doesn't match energy in the song. Wish  or  did one.


10 Most-Searched Travel Destinations Around the World   The idea is cool, but $15 is, no offence, a bit too much for what it does.


Under the management of Jiri Pavlicek, this company of four employees became a successful and thriving business...  watched "Internship". One big Google advertisement. I don't recommend.


After 1300km driving today, finally arrived at the hotel... Cheers ! I deserved this one ;)  tonight: at Roxy... :-) The amazing Tata Bojs are playing and celebrating their 25 years anniversary!...   U.S. Apologizes For Airstrike That Killed  Child  habits.  Sow an act, and you reap a habit; sow a habit, and you reap a character; sow a character, and y...


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


live shooting front of fans in UK and for Vice magazine... thank you for nice article  Jawaban benar: skeletons in the closet,  23/3787 poin  1/19839 poin


iiiooon birimbom birimbe (rock like a champion talk like a champion)


. shows how to integrate his assets with  on a laravel project:  - pretty sweet!


Olayn iinde kelepe var ilingir var tornavida var yok yok yani :)))))  


money don't change a nigga it change the niggas around them...


 Welcome to the Pack! We will see you here next Fall, Congratulations!


I strongly believe that almost all source code should be 7-bit ASCII. Sorry, but you don't need smart-quotes in your comments.


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


I really hope none of my family is following me on twitter


 ang sakit ng sinabi mo you break my heart into pieces &lt;/3 ahahahha :D


  there is rock festival in Bremen? or they will have their show?


But you put on quite a show, really had me going. But now its time to go, curtains  Take a Bow by    at Prask hrad | Prague Castle (Praha) w/ 10 others  you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh


 J'habite a(accent) Pologne? I don't know if I can say smth like that :P


And here I am, using Python 2.7 with "from __future__ import" RT  Python 3.0.0 was released 5 years ago!  stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  Cameron Calling For Permanent Austerity In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things  via 


 why are they the best
but i agree, fuck england


tak mne zena presvedcila a poridili jsme   630 :) blby je, ze kocka se toho bude urcite bat :(


that awkward moment when u sit in your class and watch the sunrise


   last week I met a guy from King. He had pink nails ;) Maybe that's our problem.


 EXPECTING NOTHING-Her eyes are dark with quiet fear, furtive, clinging   


 Jawaban benar: the secret of st. ives,  22/320092 poin


"nothing is more important to a democracy than a well informed electorate"   [knmgai soermth] (2008), p:motherhood c:USA poin: 14


iPhone IMEI checker - Check iPhone IMEI Code to find carrier and lock status:  at uz jsem doma v postylce s horkym cajem u Skins. 


Logic Pro X gets completely confused when importing AAF from  (via X2Pro). The same file is okay in Pro Tools. Be advised. 


 hello, my love, how are you today? ;) follow me, please :** x3


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


from the context of the series I learned it's 16 in the UK (or rather England) which is not that different.


Just posted a 7.47 km run - not only landing units' reentries are tough.  


R.I.P Nelson Mandela .... You will never be forgotten


i got antibiotics which means i can't drink on new years eve :---------------)//////


 what artists do you like? Besides SHINee and Infinite :3 I hope you don't mind me asking though ^^"


Thinking about signing up for zumba .. anybody wanna participate ?


forgot the ep started with John Thaw's daughter. :) I know she's featured in the story but forgot it started this early on. 


Sorry for the constant 'war eagle's.
But I'm not /actually/ sorry.


Sun, 22 Dec 2013, let us all send Makisig Morales the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (17)


Was out hiking 13.84 km with  See it here:  minded peeps: if people aren't dying it's not a damn war. There is no war on Xmas, the poor, retail workers, etc...


My cousin bought me this!! I just love Reeses so much!!!! It's the best chocolate I have ever had! Thank you Martin!  find a DJs very very attractive (not them all, of course).


 tiger kick ep out now on iTunes    Jawaban benar: fen nu qing nian,  16/316976 poin


Review: Profoto Speedlite Speedring   


I just won a multiplayer match in Modern Combat 4!   All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


'Thank you' friends  for the great review of Lipa Zoo and Lipa Eggs!     
 guy who checked my train pass looked like tom hiddleston


Photoset: In which Benedicts parents play Sherlocks parents  Call of Duty: Strike Team  Povedla se kombinace strategie a klasick stleky?  Mark Sixma - Character (Original Mix)  


Best part: The former governmental department of science is now a sub-part of the department of ... ECONOMY?! What?! Are you guys MAD?!


 haha was tokn bw karruech...buh ya motoita zve prama stove lolest!!!


" Mandy Capristo &amp; Mesut zil - Welcome Guys! Mandy Capristo &amp; Mesut zil |Official Page|  be ashamed of your failure. Those who love you will understand. Those who insult you, you don't need them.


US poverty: money barely to cover food. Unemployment, crime, poverty.  you turn today people seem to be on edge and you do... More for Libra  Diesel Posts Heartfelt Facebook Message to Paul Walker  Too difficult and early to say that because the other top teams have been improving all the time.This transfer window will count.


  No, you already ate it, it's too late to be nice :'(


Settle Up is now available for Windows Phone! Now you can sync across all major platforms&amp;web. Author:       - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  Lil Wayne - Dedication 5  :: Get It LIVE!    


 It doesn't matter. Everyone working in the police or emergency services are winners for dealing with the ugly side of our society


I really wonder if  will buy Attack on Titan when it comes out and make some videos. That'd be awesome.


 [oba huco] (1970) Shu Tong Wong, p:warlord c:Hong Kong poin: 8


The database integrity must be ensured by the programmer, not by the user, and even not by the fortune! 


Duck Dynasty star sounds like Pope Francis: Newt Gingrich joins conservative army backing Phil Robertson  its the salts they're mining. I get butterflies that follow me over long distances because fond of a shirt or trouser leg


Greetings from                 naaah its ok bb :-) u should see what beta did w my story that was


I think twitter broke me.
I'm replaying the same sound in my song project for over a hour now xD


Chandelier earrings with Swarovski beads  "Sea treasure" from Czech Republic   


 [naais lodi] (2007) Hady Mirza, p:Music c:Indonesia poin: 10


 *euh bah ok, bah fais pareil bc va pas rester a hawaii lol*


Tocmai am cumprat Notebook, Office phone pe Stardoll. Arunc o privire n Suite-ul meu!  ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


 my life does suck but i'm not sure it's because i don't have rice and gravy
i should go make foods


Halftime  leading against Olympiacos, even though I'm not playing I know my Green's are happy!  Oh dear. May the Godzilla be with you again soon!


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               446


 shid I was tryna come thru there but you tell me wassup


 I think it'll be same here.. uhm.. TT I always feel so bad when abandoning my fist bias ;3;


Pridal/a som fotky do albumu "Provence And Modernity" (poet: 4)  World Origins: 
Color World Origins - vystelujte barven mky z kanonu a obarvujte ediv bedny do...  Unless they are Dam Busters bearing Holsten Pils and Dumplings


If there is ever a time where you should listen to your intuition,...More  LOVE Scope here  snow and shit is pissing me off we can't do anything 


17 secs at 17 points  does the touchdown!    


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


GlobAllShare World Wide: Become an owner gratuitously. &gt;&gt;&gt;  a Kruovice Imperial by The Royal Brewery of Kruovice  Restaurace V Cpu   


I like beautiful melodies telling me terrible things. -TomWaits-


 I love this episode! The entire cast is amazing! Thank you for such a great season! 


night of the nights    Ivanovice  in Decin.
            I'll ride with you through bullshit, just don't bullshit me.


Omg envy yew " [Fanacc]  Jun.K's gift for raffle was his yellow pants!! Cr.edachan4, via 2PMFAH"


Raskolnikoff's WTF Daily is out!  Stories via  


JPMorgan warns 465,000 card users on data loss after cyber attack | Reuters  Thank you, Jaromre for a fantastic live experience on last saturday, 2 assist. VOJTA &amp; RADIM from Prague  My article on the  rivalry with a look back at Bayern vs Foals. Appreciate RT    


"  Happy birthday Fam!!"Good Looking! Hope all is well!


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  UK customers can now roam in the US for free
 wann wird es das fr uns geben?  Bird sight       Staromstsk nmst | Old Town  think this gif will come useful one day:  


 Hi, is it possible to get a Foursquare landing tab on Facebook for my business? Thanks!


BREAKING - NEWS 
Federal judge says NSA's phone surveillance program is likely unconstitutional
 out walking 3.02 km with  See it here:  hegunc wngo ich onwg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cheung wong chi wong


   The Graz market sounds especially intriguing. All these markets sound wonderful.


I just asked my mum if I could use 'suffering from massive amount of Johnlock feels' as an excuse for not going to school.Sadly,she said no.


 Yes it does count:) ps, game, flat is it not good enough?:)


Win a Mono Acoustic Dreadnaught Guitar Case via    interesting new attraction in Prague: MindMaze  called that girl a spider thot got me weak af . Lmaooo .


 haha. I think she is. Oklah rest di australia la tuh. Glad she has recovered.


Abstract photography BELL photo still life photography by MagicSky  via 


 It's fake! Don't fill in anything, they'll steal your account!


 cscfaiwrtth tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: switchcraft


  probably yes, because it's too tempting for PMs and the UX effects will be only clear in extremes.


Tohle mi prinesl mexicky mikulas: 3 limetky, syr, okurku, chilli papricku a napul snezene cookies. Muchas gracias!  video about CHANGING things around your life!! :) Check it out..  

remember during the boys' 3rd year anniversary when zayn forgot his password so he kinda just  focus pleases David Moyes - Official Manchester United Website   taky tam budou statusy: "Im in ...... with 4 others" ? :-)


Mistletoe Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Mistletoe Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!  do dia.         Hard times reveals true friends. Amen to this!!!! 


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   48


 Jawaban benar: rutland weekend television,  26/4169 poin


 [ouy ondt' sya] (1963) Alex Karras, p:quiz-show c:USA poin: 13


Posted a new comment "The definition of push is stated as "to exert force on something or so..."  top 10 asthma articles at BellaOnline:    


 You were welcome :) We will deliver more sweets next time


What surprised me on my way home from   lovely atmosphere!   They are so cute. Pls RT to vote.

Castle/Beckett   


 [het oltp khcetins] (1936) Oscar Apfel, p:butler c:USA poin: 17


Anyone aware why the generic method usage doesnt compile if I use the raw type?  


 Oh you poor little thing!Do you really have to go study? I mean if you need it for tomorrow or not


Obasanjo to Jonathan: It Will Be "Fatally Morally Flawed" To Contest in 2015!  via 


 IKR?! nvm we'll meet tmr. :D idk leh got a videocam filming them. Skally for exo showtime. Freaking winter zhang yixing wear such


Dad Arrested For Picking Up Kids At School By Foot  The Urban Country  Surprising Science Behind What Music Does To Our Brains  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x14


We are looking for a company English lecturer to teach appr. 10 hours weekly. If you know anyone, please contact me rsm-tacoma.cz


You can feel sore tomorrow or you can feel sorry tomorrow.


A woman passes by the Wall Of John Lennon in      Lennonova ze  |  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.44C ac foris -3.94C vre esse.


I get the feeling someone's let you down with their foreplay attempt haha  !


oh god fuck this crap. this topic has 16 pages, I'm on page 4. I'll never leave page 4. SO FUCKIN BORING I'M GONNA CRY 


Also food &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ppl but that's not the point rn (got the best piece of steak in my life from jw yesterday tho)


 Must be a location thing: I get Football, Football, Rugby Bloody Union, and Cricket.


Primal Scream on stage right now!       of melancholy, music with feelings, from Prague ... Will they make it to the news?    Who else knows your phone password?  


Klangtitan - StrandHouse by Digital Room Records  on 


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 15 others  eu sei q vc procurou whatsapp no google p saber como se escreve


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           500


iTunes Now Accepts Donations for Typhoon Haiyan Relief  person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  wife is watching Rammstein concert videoBeen with her for a lot of years and I never knew she was a fan.


        Hope u have a wonderful wknd x


 well, the things said by the subtitlers in the movie certainly do ring the bell;)


We would destroy the cybermen with one  You are superior in only one respect: You are better at dying!   


 [eht ifiinten agyeov] (1987) Richard Kiley, p:universe c:USA poin: 19


 english mostly because it was present for the developing part of my life. But i can change it. But i can't do latin lol


  did you really wanna go to a hospital all day???


A new favorite: &amp;friends Podcast  By MATZINGHA by TonElite  on 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 845


     iki lho rek aq muncul.. astooo


 ganito nlng.. Matic na kung sino yun umankin sayo nu?? :D


 I wish you all the best,hope all your drms will come true and you and your pokemons will tour the world soon.With love 


I lost 5 followers recently and i know who they are thanks to  support our cause so that young researchers can participate in our summer school/India. 1 dollar counts!  to Respect Newtown's Wishes to Mourn in Peace   hopefully she wouldnt win who r u supporting though?


I liked a  video  [HD] Crossfire CF (full version) ft 2PM &amp; miss A


  listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


 I forgot too, but I don't care :) Episode can wait, real ponies can't.


I really dont fuck with most black girls they are too stubborn for me


 Give Thanks ! World A Reggae a di maaaaaaaddddeeest thing ! Blessed Love


" Dope ass manager.  What her face look like?


Merry Christmas and I wish you a good beginning Happy New Year. Weihnachtsbilder und Weihnachtsfotos  I don't even know how I survive I won't make it to the show without your light No I don't even know if I'm alive...


 [halsf donrog nescuoqr teh unsrviee] (1940) Carmen D'Antonio, p:spaceship c:USA poin: 34


 :3 If you walked up to me like that I'd grab hair brush and pushed you in my lap.


  firmware files stays the same, so I could eventually run clinfo to get to know sth.But there are some flaws which


I know I'm a day late, but Happy New Year, Nick. :)  Have a wonderful year. :D


SS vs SS  I have so much love for you!! Haha last night was just too funny!   Wednesday again pls!  to see 3 Canadian cities in the list of the 10 smartest cities in North America - Toronto, Vancouver and Montre se mi video   WestJet Christmas Miracle: real-time giving


 but if you already acknowledged that the question is good then you must already have grasped it fully.lol


To m dostalo        waktunya aja yang belum tepat hehe "  sabar banget cip, haha"


I actually did everything I meant to do today. Feels weird. I'm bored.


I just hate leaving twitter. What the fuck happened. Juliusz and Karen went bonkers and I am fuckin lost


TOP Streamate model LOLLI &amp; Pamella Am !!!  Join to:    Personal blog:   with framed glass beads and filigree, Czech Handmade jewelry   


rempong co soalnya -_- " : Gmn soal app?? "  gak pulkam apa yu? lah lo udh ngambil nmer blm?"


Tonight.. we definitely nailed it.. thanks  abfor the great time :))   Pls RT to vote for CASKETT.

Castle/Beckett  


 tawh papheedn ot bbybo ?rlea tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: what happened to bobby earl?


"Czech environment ministry sparks fury after spending end-of-year budget on 1000 pairs of UNDERWEAR,including knickers adorned with beaver"


 Jawaban benar: 'pimpernel' smith,  17/6628 poin


 Miraj M khan"Main oon logon may say nahi jo darya yang se ki lambaye tho bata saktay hain magar darya sindh kay mizaj say ashna nahi


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  you get more noise coming from the ppl in there than the actual skateboard.


Meanwhile I'm just wishing for something to pinch my nose with ...


 [teewvl dan giolhdn] (2005) Marcia DeBonis, p:friend c:USA poin: 18


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


fantastic antique black forest antler table ca. 1880  so hmmm now your dad have henry tha dog and you have henry the Betta. Which Henry is later following your family? haha great video!


 :D I feel likewise. Parties abroad have a different atmosphere. And also feel for yourself cause you're actually 'away'


 happy birthday and merry Christmas, darling! May every dream you have come true! I love you, am sending love! 


 [het caelp fo hte edad] (1997) Anna Bolt, p:mountain c:UK poin: 21


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.38C ac foris 5.81C vre esse.


 please don't do anything!!! I know it hurts but you're strong enough to deal with it, just keep the faith!!! We're with you


i won't let you down however long it takes i will i will never break whatever path we take i won't i  won't fade away like a  


Good morning be  semangat kuliahnya ya, take care you drive,love you :*:}


 Jawaban benar: tai tai de qing ren,  19/350003 poin


Apply Today: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 no, one after the other. one call for the faces, one for the codes, then again faces and so on


this  christmas special is just hilarious.. 


 [nomag iehvset] (2008) Bruce Kawasawa, p:neo-noir c:USA poin: 13


Kilo uniform delta uniform november golf sierra romeo alpha


3  Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


Tocmai am cumprat Left Dimple Piercing, Right Dimple Piercing pe Stardoll. Arunc o privire n Suite-ul meu!   That's been happening to more people lately according to my Steam Friend's list. I hope you all get better soon! ;)


Drowning in a sea of downtime? Borland Silk Performer to the Rescue!    


miley cyrus.... bem, miley cyrus fez twerk no papai noel


Lb se mi video   Why is light slower in glass? - Sixty Symbols


Ok, ok, I also want to play Battletoads 4 when it will be on sale for $20 or so with Premium crap.


"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." - Henry David Thoreau (via cosmofilius)  sounds a bit like your personal Ian Somerhalder (And I know, Ian's not russian) *.*


Hm, tak aplikace T sport a live stream bez ance... 


 I have a feeling you might like this ... :)            photography, BELL photo, still life photography, vintage photography, steampunk, wall decor, fine art ph...  future of smart lighting has just begun.   have nothing to declare except my genius." - Oscar Wilde


 hte aitlr fo fyjfeer eadmrh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the trial of jeffrey dahmer


Some people are such good liars they will cry real tears trying to make you buy their story. They would make good actors aaah :D


 [danon asmej &amp; rayg] (2006) Jackie Clarke, p:love c:USA poin: 18


Kateina afakov talks about Czech-EU reporting issues and ideas at Prague Kickoff Meeting 


New Year Slacking 2013: 
New Year Slacking 2013 - dokonete sedm silvestrovskch mini her a nenechte se p...  Martians: Mars One selects 1,058 hopefuls among 200,000 applicants
 but there obviously is. ther must be. it's weird but I'm not crying yet actually. not really. more... staring off into the distance


The tailor makes the cat  
-- Try it out     Thank u!&lt;3 Wish u a wonderful weekend &amp; hope youre doing well!:-) xx


 Whoa, Barcley in the RED sweater vest. These adjunct guys sure take a lot of liberties.


 IK!!!!!!!!!! i was like hoooooooly hell is it posting date already? cant wait. january will be crazy w reading :-)))) im


Sayn vekilim ne yorsunuz bu hususta fotoyu akma fiyorlar    tales are more than true, not because they tell us that the dragon exist, because they tell us that the dragon can be beaten.
-G.K.Ch


 I think u shld try that 1st if she is awesome&amp;loved thn u shld ignore hatrs . I am sorry u can't hide ur frustration u can't stop me


 hte unbovsreuti aytsfna of yamnn uinnq tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the unobtrusive fantasy of manny quinn


10 Incredible Social Media Marketing Statistics  by 


"Someone really didn't think this out at the JFK memorial."  could you write again to the forum at  so the core devs can have a look? THX!


Was out cycling 61.12 km with  See it here:  how do Wesley, Edwards, Finney, Whitfield agree with their respective soteriology beliefs now.


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


A new favorite: Of Monsters And Men - Dirty Paws (Breathe Indoors Remix) |FACEBOOKDOWNLOAD| by   Grill the Hamburglar About His Business Model              have completed the quest 'Get Building Sand.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


At least they do something right :) Looks like FedEx hired some comedians  via 


I might go to  at Industrial Palace Prague in Prague, Czech Republic - Apr 19  puppet shows are for adults also Catch a live show at Divadlo Minor. High quality Czech puppeteers and productions appear frequently


 Unfortunately no. Sales via e-shop will reopen in January after pre-orders are shipped out.


 [dba oysb ii] (2003) Ivelin Giro, p:cuba c:USA poin: 11


 New images show details of  proposed new headquarters. Here's a peek inside:   Question is whether the site citing those analysts should be taken seriously.


 [ryeg wol] (1999) Hilliard Friday, p:england c:UK poin: 8


  No, trust me Piers, we don't want to be fat as fuck


well, it was watchable but not exactly great. McGann's character was a weak hottie so women literally got all crazy for him.


Handmade Ice Pink Glass and Swarovski Elements Earrings.   


1 tweep followed (thank you!) and 3 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  new flat TVs in all rooms coming in December! STAY ENTERTAINED!

Zcela nov LED televize ve vech...  Mike - Mm v hlav (feat. Durman) (prod. by LucasMusick):  via 


I'm actually pretty upset about this Ria Novosti news.


Sun, 01 Dec 2013, let us all send Louis VI of France (d. 1137) the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (932)


Hrt mal rein: Amanic  Nymphe (Micrologues Back to 07 Remix)

 god for that own goal. We were hopeless in final third so far.  1-0  42 mins played


 wa permanent position! meaning you are quite important to them. :x ltr promote to some high position. AISEH!


Even if you resist the changes that are unfolding at work, you... More for Sagittarius  think 'm guhnna start wriding evrything in Standerd English eye diuhlect.


WO2013171331A1 Energy Recovery Device     think it's time to start the rendering! :)   don't smoke regularly but sometimes it looks so damn HOT sorry


I liked a  video  REVOLTA ft.Kalo Wyo - Nikdy to nevzdvej (prod.Revolta)


"A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world."


Suarez has scored more goals in lesser games than Spurs, hasn't he?


Functioning on about two hours of sleep. I hate everything right now.


 aww we should've joined forces! I haven't seen  in ages!


Let's play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 66:  via 


Okay, I can say that I still can't believe the fact that my mother likes Ellie all the time and I realized it just a few days ago.


 [hte esrstmat pernos how vree vidle] (2005) Craig Welzbacher, p:hooker c:USA poin: 34


       FOLLOW me and my friend   please! :)


Youtube hate sounds like Youtube love. Best music clip 2013 for sure!   BOYS and GIRLS, finally the moment has arrived. OUT NOW :)

iTunes:...   story is generating some scepticism. Good to see  (via 


 Swiss guy :) He was actually funny but all the talks with him were too long and the docs he sent always full of mistakes :D


I hate when people laugh all phlegmy. It annoys me so much.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


White Lies, In The Valley Below, Lucerna Music Bar, Praha, 17.11.2013 - musicserver.cz  vnoce to al my Czech friends, hope Jeek brings you something nice tonight...


Mejo masikip na sa Ortigas, I think it's time for me to move.


Watching my fave fairy tale first thing in the morning &lt;3


 Jawaban benar: the glory guys,  14/2773 poin  1/22650 poin


now we have 8 or 9 months to ponder this but Moff being Moff, we'll probably only get the answer in 5 years or so when he regenerates. ;)


This mind is so shallow yet challenging it infuriates me when I hear the arguments it poses! Just stick to small Talk!


Fist rule of winter sex: Who is sneezing is always down.


Lewandowski pestupuje do Bayernu! Co na to kte?   Very Important and Very Immature Smart Home Segment" -  so good, that seven minutes of him just isn't enough" don't have to tell me. at first I thought I'd just check out a few of his audios


' A million little Pieces' by James Frey...THE1975...tea...and the rain outside...on top of the world :))


 we, 3  are heading to the game today. Did you get a chance to look at the email I dropped you?


 You're right with your stance about your dog. Keeping the dog on the floor and not eat fm your plate is NOT a sign of no love!


9 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Already waiting for Fast and Furious 7 and really want to watch my lovely Paul Walker act there but... 


iya wis cem:D RT  ia, polbek oh twitterku ini baru loh..RT AinaRahmawati_  cemoot yaa?:D


Fine. Knee pain+back pain = painkillers. I hate takin em but today trainings punched me rough. Wanna sleep ;(


English mega-landlord evicts all welfare tenants, will no longer rent to them:   Best couple on screen.

Castle/Beckett   


Exams make me so tired! I got home at 10:30 and went to straight to sleeo and Im just now waking up. I slept through lunch AGAIN!


Shitting on you bitches who wouldn't lend me a penny..Smiling everytime I'm sticking my dick in one of yo WOMEN


 unfortunately is not spring, but last Nov decent turning point


I just unlocked the CSS Selectors badge on   via 


 oh and btw to your latest tweet - SP actually were at the ARIAs after party ;)


 Next Generation advice from Robert Welanetz : "Happy wife, happy life!"


So adorable. RT to vote.
Castle/Beckett  


 Jawaban benar: the fire next time,  18/9365 poin  1/5 poin


Lb se mi video   The Simpsons Parody of The White Stripes Video


Shakespeare Loved Cunt and Maybe Cocaine...In the  The Editors  Hulk mam rad, umiral jsem uz na Amize, uvidime, jestli to na tablety bude takovy pruser jako na pc  love when State fans give Bo grief like he didn't throw 5 TD's on them last year.   whether  can raise $1M  for charity is one of the most dramatic things this year   


15:02 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/ST-068 (Lpov vrch, 457m, 1pt) 24.9122 cw: 339 here QRM tnx 73's [VE2JFM]


I've just had a convo with da legendary Laidback Luke. :')


 nfl and hockey should be tops on guaranteed contracts. Significantly more risk


 I cannot express how I appreciate your friendship,my dear Aless,you are a gem!Thank you so muchxxx


 exactly what i said he was like wow y'all look too much alike


 where is this from? She looks like Dillon Francis


 dear ally,
you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... plz?


News Analysis: Health Law Rollouts Stumbles Draw Parallels to Bushs Hurricane Response 


Butkada ruins in an ancient monastery in  
Courtesy: Pakhtunkhwa Tourism Corporation Peshawar  little bout of film-set derived hypothermia isn't going to keep me down. I will not, however, be attending Super Salsa Danceoff '13.


"  whaaaat boy?" Woah, I was just agreeing. Don't start


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


  Is it bo3 or bo5 ? Thank you very much for answer


 Now Hot Pocket Zarry, screaming may only worsen the pain you are feel and your emotions will skyrocket.


Spotify Pandora Rdio Broken Model - Business Insider  thought linear TV was dead. Turns out it's not. 


-Both working.
-What do you mean both?
-He's got two hearts.
-Oh don't be stupid. Anything else he's got 2 of?
-Leave him alone.



 You guys have 5 minutes to join  game otherwise you will forfeit


Apple, cucumber and mint smoothies might just save the world.


Cards Against Humanity Fills Your Mailbox With Holiday Bullsh*t for $12  fall semester    for Documentary Photography (Bjorn Steinz) and Digital...  going to  at Roxy in Prague, Czech Republic - Feb 26  Treasures of a Pumaman? Because, let's face it, Donald Pleasance *was* that movie's treasure.


Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws? A: Practice.


 won't you stay and provide us with some commentary later on today or tomorrow?


Tumhain Kia Lgta Hay
. Mohsin.....?.
.Hamein To SARDI lagti hay....


 ah that's gonna be long for you :( Sad life of short people ._. But it's not our fault that we can't see on concerts..T:T


That is why, in particular, Jesus Christ has commanded us not to take revenge,


Wanna see a  magic tricks? Check this out    


 great appearance with subtle advertisment in big bang theory! :)


 tbh at first I thought this said pooping and I was all "I don't remember that part of the story but okay"


   I am okay babe, my good friend isn't though.. Doing my best to support her!


Dear Students, 
you can now submitt the on-line application to Prague Summer Schools on Facebook.
Please click on...  Subay ocuklarna umut olmu
Helal olsun o GEZ'de ac ekenlere cesur yreklere,yaanan aclar boa gitmemi..Umut olmu genlere


Now spinning: Charlie Byrd -       r1hard HomeOffice  [a epmt orf lal sosanse] (2005) Richard Clarke Larsen, p:award c:USA poin: 22


Looking for info about real counterparts of  used in  Check this huge database of game/movie firearms:  treated like royalty ? Yeah I can get use to that   


  weeeeeeeee thank you! :D *hugging a photo of my future husband*


I have completed the quest 'Watch the road and...' in the  game The Tribez.   


despite all the scientific boom in last idk 50 years I feel like we are just starting...


TV Beitrag: Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Contesttag 1  have completed the quest 'Upgrade 3 Huts to ...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Here is what happens when a trailblazer does just that  (via   of  Challenge for media - to create content that is shareable, that users want to like and recommend  


 hm, I guess then ruining your life is not necessary


This been a shitty ass day and no one seems to give a fuck


 where can I listen online? Is there a recording of this somewhere?


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Mini lookbook s Alyshou Nett"  She crawls in my bed and I should be jealous of her? What's the logic in that??


 [dlonsiemmetisg] (1999) Jung-ah Yum, p:police c:South Korea poin: 14


  had the best of weekends ever , hope u are well


I'm going to the Groovy &amp; Grails exchange  2013 Dec 12-13th  


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   19


 Nice! Vic motivujici je ty money dat politikovi, ktereho nesnasis, to fakt nechces vynechat. (V US typek daval na kampan Romneyho)


Obama Panel Recommends an End to NSA Bulk Data Storage  happy christmas inang!!!!! semoga kelahiran Yesus membawamu semakin dekat dengan abang itu yaaa ({}) ;****


    walla ben ewdeyim bizimkiler nerde bilmiyom gelen buyursun bam ustune yanimda yerinizhazir


Greetings, you all finally got what you wanted, I've finally made an account, so  and all that. "You raise me up". 


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


  It depends upon the formation. In 4-3-1-2, a DLP can afford to be not defensive while he has to in a 4-2-3-1.


 My best friend's problems are my problems. 


" wanted to write today but have to go to bed soon ;;"  ;;


Co nejvce fr na Internetu? Poas. Vn * Web and Mobile App Types Regularly Used by Americans  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 21.31C ac foris 2.63C vre esse.


I liked a  video  West Ham United vs Chelsea 0-3 2013 | Chelsea vs West Ham United 3-0 2013 Goals &amp;


Vote for  as   and you can win 10  by yourself!!!              framed  Glass star necklace   


Kudos to the ideator of the new Facebook messenger ring. Thank you for causing night time mini heart attacks to all of us.  


do novho roku i provokativn: "We need to talk about TED" - and not only that  cc  


    i get it, thats the advantage of our own house :-) dad just do what we see fit


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           603


 [onir anm 2] (2010) Jack White, p:iron c:USA poin: 10


 Post some cute selfie please, so I can go finally sleep.


 [somewhere francis is slapping hats off raph's head]


when i was a kid i wanted to draw comics i can't believe i was serious i can't draw a straight line let alone a bloody picture


  I saw that with my wife. it freaked me out. just like isidious. greetings from germany


96  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


And there's nothing I can tell her to make her feel alright.

- The girl in the mirror.


An article about our book "Grenzberschreitungen" in the newspaper, ha!  last day in tha gym ;) HNY everyone ;)          rfuo 1 bntraioeil trfon tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: four 1 liberation front


 LOL the face conditions :x whos face better in exo? yixing one also not v good. LOL. but recently got improved. :x


Thu, 12 Dec 2013, let us all send Nicole Dahm the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (36)


I liked a  video from   Drawing  By Juan Andres 


 congrats to be winner of tournament of poker in Prague :)


Sout: Vyhraj vstupy na Climax 15th anniversary | techno.cz (party, fotky, house, trance, techno)  Other than already mentioned, August Moon is a wonderful heart-warming story. Box Office Poison a quasi must read for comic fans.


 Sometimes, I just forget, because it hurts to remember.


fml i named the page movies2013b so i could rename the first one like that afterwards and i'd rename the new one movies2013 when i'd be


Yung friendly date nung May 24 matutuloy na din after asdfghjkl years.


32  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


I added a video to a  playlist  MattyB - Be Mine (Official Music Video)


"A fatal error occured while trying to sysprep the machine." fuuuuuu


Freitag, 29.11. 2013
Musikpark Dresden 
Club Royal - Special Edition...  cant lose you again. I cant. Not again. Im not strong enough.


So last night I watched the new Total Recall, now I have seen the original one w/ Arnold in it and honestly, I like the new one better.


did you know my mother abandoned me for tonight too


Don't have a full acces to Internet over here, so goodbye for awhile:) Hope I can post some pics next time. Greetings from Mauritius! xo


Vznikla  - Google + Audi, GM, Honda, Hyundai a NVIDIA chtj protlait Android do aut (viz  you're doing something every day, almost not resting and having cramps now as well and she looks at you like that :(


 Which? It hasnt change from 1.2 (buttons), but according to this picture it should have  Tim Berners Lee! I bought all xmas gifts online...


 posted in Facebook "maybe it's the way she walks..." 


Injustice Gods Among Us Hack Tool [FREE] | Latest Hacking Software  Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 Is a liquid glue better than a gluestick? Or is it not? I still can't decide...


Craziest architecture in Europe       Star Msto | Prague Old Town  Diky. Stastny a vesely. Doufam,ze ten Sylvestr oslavime se zpozdenim spolecne


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via   That could probably turn into a similar debate as the one pro and contra the Oxford comma :)


pertama selisih 300jt-an, kedua selisih 70jt-an and finally balance juga yaAllah muahaha


 hahaha!!malaki pa po!!haha!!ikaw ang wala na!!WALANGWALANGWALANGWALANGWALA!!hahahaha!!


WEATHERALL AMBIENT The Bells of Shoreditch by Faber Social via   Morning buddy! What color have ur pants today? Lol


Cui prodest: Moscow Kremlin uses murky church arson attacks in  to revive imperial Cossack movement in predominantly Muslim region


 I just want that someone to be there for me and not to be with me na nga di pa nagawa.


A new payment form user interface concept by Barthelemy Chalvet.  se mi video   Voicing ALL League of Legends Champions (EVEN THE MEN!) - Rated E


66  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


 [ueultss iunnra neurmeapp] (1994) Yulia Adhi Irawan, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 24


Just posted a photo  Chrm sv. Barbory | Santa Barbara Cathedral   Pls RT to vote for the one and only.

Castle  


Enroute Prague:Schna,last German city bordering Czech!  Jawaban benar: it's magic, charlie brown,  25/10724 poin  1/374813 poin


Attending solemn Righteous Among the Nations ceremony honoring Antonn Kalina, saviour of 900 children in Buchenwald  Salesforce 1 makes  fully mobile. Will push the enterprise software industry faster / broader into mobile. 


Survey examines changes in sexual behaviour and attitudes in Britain  'ndso pmlu tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: don's plum


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  mentions that  contributes 800 engineers to  PR, bold claim, management overhead kills all benefits.


Bitch PLS im  ab 19.12.
u.a. mit  , Alex Pink und Glen Glamour. *open minded party*   Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 Hello Stuart!We would like to send you PM or email regarding our game. Please follow us or send us email.Thank you!;)


Kdybyste teba chtli koupit Bitcoiny, tak zapomete. It's practically impossible for regular people to buy Bitcoin  the really authentic British rain last night right when under Big Ben. Turns out the National Gallery is the best hiding place. :)


In memory of Richard Pryor who was born on December 1st, 1940 and died on December 10th, 2005.


Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


sore muscles...lost voice...bruised ribs...people went crazy yesterday, don't even remember that I have cold :))))))


Lol , my auntie called me a thick snicker , I gained so much weight.


"Look at him riding towards us like a valiant, pungent reindeer king!" Yup. Still quoting Frozen.


Namesti Miru Christmas Market - a bit too early - new  journal entry  in Jacksonville don't know how to play spades smh. Can't get a game out here.


Lying under the christmas tree, wishing the holidays weren't over,  yet.   - An open-source JavaScript Date Library  via 


    Yes, the water's great! Starting up in 1 minute! :)


Anime Game: Let's Play Lamia Nox (Chapter 2) - BobisBlog:  ber 


 2013 has given us some great albums, the latest being  's Mug Museum, which is just perfect.


Here are 6 things that you should never run unit tests on:  to Lebron - Wade off the Backboard to LBJ. Hate all You Want, This is basketball at its Besr  Tell me which numbers do you then follow please.


32 Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 i am looking forward!!! &lt;3333 love you so muchh!!! you are my idol!!!! &lt;3


so glad   got the 3 points - staying up and looking for a stream of the highlights


A000 (akef nolplu..) | periodo is A800 16uma tempo 14:15ut  Christmas Miracle: real-time giving:  pes 


Kterak se ech z Ameriky mlem nevrtil.  &amp;  included.  damn I only know some of the ones you've mentioned which means they should make a korean music (cont)  essay Writing Services  College Essay - Buy Essays 


Im tired of jussittn around boy i aint wit this shit


I do not like drivers who back into parking spaces. Don't understand it, it's annoying, blocks traffic, and is just stupid. Stop it. Thanks.


 Ha! You bastard! :)) But really well done to your gramps. If he's made it this far, he's bound to have quite a few more years in him


Dream Theaters Odyssey is like Jethro Tulls Thick as a brick pt. 3


 I like the way they enforced proper information on food but then it should be me to choose gmo, organic etc.


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


  De other day we hd the books situation in Limpopo, which ws likewise associated wit Apartheid, and dat's de shift I refer 2


Czech glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


COACH Daisy Outline Signature Metallic Mia Purse Lt Khaki Gold F23940 NWT $298   The Best Places to Eat and Stay in Prague   Lemon Leaf!!


I liked a  video from   Another Love - Tom Odell (acoustic cover by Nicole Milik)


BBC News - Pakistan Idol talent show is broadcast for first time  Guess whoo ?
The girl that you're writing you now baaaack !


Great time in Salzburg last night.  in Budjovice tonight. Apleton in Austria tomorrow. The party is in full swing.


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x25


 I'm happy to make friends with transpeople, but are you saying I should make friends with transpeople because they are trans?


Listen to the original soundtrack of &gt;&gt;Edward Scissorhands&lt;&lt;... I LOVE it...!!


Sun, 08 Dec 2013, let us all send Ian Somerhalder the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (35)


I made a few mistakes. I don't worry anymore. Well, you never could relate. But I don't hate you anymore.


Today stats: One lovely Elf followed me and No Elf unfollowed me via  good morning, not too cold? do u have smth like -15C at least sometimes?


7 Nelson Mandela Quotes You Probably Wont See In The U.S. Media   via 


 zeigt LED light painting beim   pics via   15 Dec 2013, let us all send Geoff Stults the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (36)


I have completed the quest 'Upgrade the Ancien...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                            159


2 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  page 145 of 464 of Tiger's Destiny, by Colleen Houck  hi jai. It'd mean the world to me when you follow me   21


 [seareetbkrahr] (2006) Jayda Diamonde, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 13


CLASH of CLANS - recenze poveden free-to-play budovatelsk strategie!  minutes of '14 seen from our kitchen while we enjoyed first New Years smoke :))    plasma! Students trying to ignite a piece of paper using the plasma ball at  in Prague.  Damme still killing it after 50. What a guy. " How'd They Do That? Jean-Claude Van Damme's 'Epic Split'  Feather and Twig Deco Mesh Wreath by DzinerDoorz, Fancy!  entonces como hubiese sido Mary Poppins?    liked a  video  Bombay Bicycle Club - Carry Me


Was out running 20.13 km with  See it here:  can't wait for you! Fortunately I will show Prague to your school group. :) Caroline
(you met me during THSMUN..)


14  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


 sshhh -crawls over lap- ssshhhhh -clings onto falc- sssshhhhhh -whispers- i don't know what to say to help i'm sorry


Nemlo by Rusko podat olympidy astji?" Putin: Pussy Riot duo to be freed despite 'disgraceful' protest  I'm confused about how Xbox worded that, not sure if you need the game or not.    Showers tomorrow! With a high of 7C and a low of 1C.


Today we ordered vindaloo chicken from Goa restaurant on  No one was crying, guess its not spicy enough :)  get it started! ( Marketing Festival 2013 -  w/ 74 others)  Candy Crush Saga (Web) and Bubble Witch Saga (Web) in the last 24 hours.  text k gangster by pastor je pro me definice slova rap! 


Udinese striker Antonio Di Natale has announced his retirement at the end of the season. A really great, underrated striker.


 why did the Prague gig have to be postponed? :(


I just voted for Rick Grimes   Retweet to vote  via 


just finished  and this is the sound of my heart shattering to pieces as my ship crashes into an adorable puppyeyed iceberg


Every white girl up at 2 AM thinks they have insomnia


28  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


In memory of Nancy Parsons who was born on January 17th, 1942 and died on January 5th, 2001.


Boston Marathon Bombing Victim Engaged to Rehab Nurse  Offices of opposition party stormed by special forces  


Seriously contemplating seeing Swan Lake.       Charles  next girlfriend wont have any worries i dont got no bitches  and i dont really want none


I'm glad he's my first relationship and I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life with anyone else, but him.


Woah we're on fire, PP really strong tonight you go boys 


 happy new year :) jejeje prosperidad en este 2014 mamaxota! Bendiciones


85yo Palestinian man dies after 'Israeli gas canister landed in his home'
 fair....they go to australia once in a blue moon so they're allowed to play rarities it's ok


 tatay na tatay ang peg,HAHAH... Lage ako pinapagalitan.


A new favorite: Lungern (Original Mix) feat. Leonard Bywa by DAYTON  on 


Just because you are "popular" doesn't mean everybody likes you


sorry leeyum i had to restart my stream bc it is fucking up :( 


 Jawaban benar: a modern cinderella,  19/350616 poin


  you will send me one
i have complete power over your actions and emotions


If frog draws me a bird i will die peacefully and with feelings of RADNESS


If you think Chrianna is still alive then you need SERIOUS help. Accept the fact that they're over &amp; live with it!!! Y'all are pests!


You know what the difference is? Rasulullah knew that he was the servant of society. But us, we think we boss the society.


How tf you gone wake me up out my sleep telling me to be ready at a certain time and when I do you not even here ?


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           802


How it works       achieved the Ice trophy with my Nike+ FuelBand.   were so many DVD's I wanted to buy, but damn... I do not have so much money. Fuck that! ._.


 I gave up trying to swim in this country. Olympic sized pool full of ppl having a chat! And don't get me started on the cinema!


Partly Cloudy today in Linz! With a high of 7 C and a low of 1 C.


   what is "the reality"? when everything is temporary you are forced to deal with hard questions


 [psnaejea alegnuag nad ppeeol] (2002) Yuka Nukina c:UK poin: 28


when i was a kid temperatures of 18 degrees would have my mum threatening to kill us if we didn't wear our socks&amp;sweaters! 


 actually my bias is a lot. But seungri,gd,sehun is my principal bias. Wht about u?


Cuz I knew u were trouble when u walked in so shame on me noww


 This Account Is  Not  They Hacked My Account Please Give IT Back


6: Masayahin ka. Oo, sarap mo kakwentuhan di tayo nauubusan ng kwento pag nagkikita tayo! =)) See you on the 6th! Miss you!


I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "ARTL Barware featured in Dec/Jan Architectural Digest Germany"  don't have to get up from bed i don't have to go to school i love holidays i wish they'd last forever


Some friends will always make me smile... Not that far from the truth!    jsem jako oblben video   James Arthur - You're Nobody 'Til Somebody Loves You


Just joined  on  - now 1/2 of our song sales are donated to   because of this tweets we can make James happy   James Arthur


Just uploaded "TonElite | FROM DRESDEN WITH LOVE" to   Tune in now!


Last day in  for a while! Can't believe we have come to the end of our Europe tour! Next stop................ YORK!!!!


 !!! Omgg what did ate carmel say pala about dun sa letter?? :(


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Brewsta's Burgers 2013, Prague - Czech Republic  via 


 [wreeh het oenmy is] (2000) Gordon McCall, p:stroke c:UK poin: 18


Softcore horror movies are the worst. Nobody even died.


Delivery aja delivery=))RT  Gangajak euy..RT  At    Happy birthday kid hope you have a good one. Plenty more to come


 LOLOL. dedicated to lighsticks. such a dedicated fan you are. YIXING IS SO WHITE AND SO SKINNY WHAT IN THE WORLD


Ganaron los checos en el hockey. Es como 1989 all over again.


 [hte edbrdfo irdaise] (2006) Chris Hartl, p:college c:USA poin: 19


SC cannot even buy a barn to hit the broadside of it ILnotmissin


Just made a movie of my  on Twitter:  What's yours look like? 


 [gsenlde fo fghlit] (2010), p:airplane c:USA poin: 17


Our way to the airport. Thank you for coming, my girl
via 
    fun playing  for Android, why not join me for FREE?


Im looking very forward to sharing the beauty of St Thomas with other photographers.


Funny sign outside an Italian restaurant in the Czech town of Kutna Hora. You can tell this is written  Not the greatest end to 2013. Thanks for the work you do, both as a cop and as the "instigator" of UK Cop Humour ;) Happy NY!


it's almost impossible for me to listen to therapy without crying


Happy New Year     Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square  Alliance adopts open-source framework for the Internet of Things - ZDNet  


I've collected 25,200 gold coins!    


  You're welcome, you deserve it for what you've done for us!  I'm so happy for you Jess! xx


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


I think male violinists must be the perfect lovers, when they treat their girls like their violins. Tenderly and with passion! :3


Microsoft Releases 3D Builder App for Windows 8.1  A Building Base for Easy 3D Printing  


Microsoft codename 'Threshold': The next major Windows wave takes shape | ZDNet  must if you ever get down here. Small local menu. Unfiltered micro beers. Czech wine...pretty dope    lmao..best dancer...he should be d winner


 I don't know. On the pic on the very right looks pretty nice C:


You have to sink down into the depths in order to release a ne... More for Sagittarius  leaders are not scared to manage difficult but talented people 


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


  it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  w


Photo: Hipsters-die pretty | via Tumblr on We Heart It....  employees received talking points for Thanksgiving dinner
 thanks! I can't wait for a weekend, but today is a looong Friday.


I'm not saying that I hate other religions but some are really fucking weird


Kick back at to today on camp creek from 10 to 4 makes sure come thru n turn up B.Y.O.S dm 4 more info


Facebook: "To byl, ale pekny rok." Cenim optimismus, nepisme ale tupe carky pred "ale", prosim pekne :)


Christmas songs..lights &amp; hot wine..  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  Cannot you just stare at my facebook picture? :)


Sitting in a Star Bucks in  Thinking about Business and designing a newsletter for a department of  thanks for the free Wifi!


Can Pak Tvs start a marathon showcasing TTP Claim Terrorism victims in Pakistan


 GREAT!  Thank you.  I'll hit you with a tweet today once we get there.  Thanks!  Indeed Go 'Cats!


Watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   off net! Start humanization again! :) all started in pubs :)  jewelry handmade shamballa bracelet with blue agates   


You may be feeling the effects of a financial crunch today, bu... More for Taurus  History and Future of Everything -- Time" via  |  youre asian in origin... and looks like a filipino... hmmm... whats your nationality if you dont mind? hehehe ^_^


 Hi David. Wondering if you have a page showing tour dates for this year, or whether you have any plans to come to Prague!


Monster Warlord Jewel Gold and Energy Hack for iOS and Android:  took me forever to remember their names.. same with SuJu ^^" I actually haven't seen the RDD mv until few weeks ago ahaha. I


 don't know why the negative emojies but love you and you just really asked me what rn means I'm wearing the shirt you got me for xmas


get your tickets for Handa Gote, what are you waiting for?!  [eth hotolrcf ncntaove] (1985) Hugo Bower, p:nazi c:UK poin: 21


When I hear the words  streamlining ,  empowerment  and  mainstreaming  in ONE SINGLE sentence  video experiment that seams to be good.  Chapel made out of Bones - Kutna Hora Bone Chapel is a must see if in Prague.  is in the simplicity &amp; colors of November!  And btw: i am prepairing a series of b&amp;w photos  Reveals Childish Obsession With N64 in Christmas Music Video  is a laid back and entertaining game I'm working on now. Would you give it a shot?   morning,  adopted in the christmas holiday. we wish you a merry christmas, see you again next year &lt;3   earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


R.Dowhan w RZG: Z Unibaxem do sdu, Stelmet blisko sponsoringu strategicznego, chcemy  Try to eat apple without using yout hands. 


 Watch Paul Walker gone be every girl MCMalways has been mine


"The most valuable lesson we can draw from the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela is to be neither afraid nor...  het eci fiellso fo 1399 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the ice follies of 1939


Makapag-search na nga for our Egypt report on Asian Western.. :) To be prepared. LOL. :)


$MCD US sales 0.8% down, EU sales 1.9% up. It's popular over here. Get ready for fat europeans jokes.


I cannot hold you,my tears made of stone
I feel a tap on my shoulder,but... tonight i dance alone


"Vera Reynolds is just heart-breaking &amp; totally believable and anyone who thinks Peter = Malcolm needs to shut up &amp; watch this immediately."


EIKONAS. Malen mit Licht 2013
Model: Nad Ine 
Makeup (and Hair): Corinna Baumgartner 

THX to my perfect model!...  follow me please!! i wil have perfect christmas if you follow me! :)) &lt;3333 love you so much!! you are perfect dancer


The Sixers will be stronger than expected this season, and there's a team leader. Evan Turner 


So I didn't hit 3k during 2013 by measly 158 tweets... But at least I am feeling fine


Check out the  in  via     shit! RT " Don't mess with the Navy! 


 top NYE destinations -  at the top of the list  


Understanding your feelings is a complex matter now because th... More for Virgo  liked a  video  Dr. Dre - The Next Episode ft. Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, Nate Dogg


Lamia raba e.kaon ug Cheesy Bacon Mushroom Champ. Minatay! Bahalag manabok ko pag.ayo ug mura nakog Sumo Wrestler.


 Jawaban benar: 1955 motion picture theatre celebration,  39/366221 poin


Top 25% Institutions and  in Austria, as of November 2013
   liked a  video from   [1080p HD] EXO - Why So Serious?  2013 Melon Music Awards 131114


and the expensive drinks are only for the inner circle:)


oh how i hate websites that have a file size restrictions..


Four fits of anxiety in one day? Why not.... I supposed I got rid of this shit months ago. Obviously I didn't.


There are 565,000 startups launched monthly: think twice next time you say your company doesnt have any competitors:  it K. Michelle!?" Lmao. Idk why it's funny, but it is.


He has a reason to celebrate today! Happy birthday     ehmlaci boalnc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: michael blanco


  Parada! Ten animacny system mi pride super jednoduchy. Co si pametam flash (10 rokov dozadu) tak je to dost podobne.


 [het eap] (1940) Gibson Gowland, p:ape c:USA poin: 7


there's so much shit going on in my room when my parents are asleep


  like a latino beyonce, like a shakira/beyonce.


YDNKNWTV - Marat, Igor, Logic, Lvcas live  YZO show 96,2 FM  pes 


Puas voice call sm keluarga d indo... love u all... muach muach muach :* (with luthfi and Gyan)


Czech microaccelerometers on all three Swarm satellites are awaken and working as planned. Excellent success for builders! Thanks!


Tvorba dokument pomoci Reporting Services Local Report  dilw chani tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wild china


JFK successfully solved Turkish Cuban missile crisis of 62.  He would never allow Iraq war crime aggression 91, 03-12


 zil and Reus balasho subs w 3am bet2ool we took it seriously more than u did :/


Suit Shopping? Strip Down in the Back of This Guy's Truck  please follow  she love you so fucking much !! You are her angel !!  


Rozbor krve v mobilu? A pro ne?  A fultext:  


Barca-City will be brilliant. United lucky as always.


Facebook added DONATE button for nonprofits today -    


 Jawaban benar: affair in havana,  16/368523 poin  1/334183 poin


got a lil taller since the last time u seen me bruh


 haha  mesmo... to ansiosa pra fazer 15 One Direction  


 About to get a Soundtouch30 for my home, but I mainly use Spotify - any estimate on when app support for it will be available?


Christmas party with dream Adidas team!!!  for   First they should accept the fact that is not that easy how it looked like and that they actually need to learn something new 


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe. Check out my blog at  voice of the people is the voice of God. - Spanish Proverb


 undoubtedly to  and their piece:  Mixture of trip-hop, acoustic, soul and RnB. Text via 


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  [hte iedrb emac cd...o] (1941) James Cagney, p:pilot c:USA poin: 21


 [icna nad blaem] (1936) William Collier Sr., p:showbiz c:USA poin: 14


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


wow! gratulation  !!  Billboard Hot 100:  Stay The Night,  Feat.  [8 weeks].


 News: Europe is Ready to Mobilise - 19/11/2013The day-long event will bring together mobile technology...  to all Swiss people who made me reach the Top20 in my category on the Appstore


Fri, 20 Dec 2013, let us all send John Hillerman the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (81)


I would really love to see myself in 10 or 20 years later...


Love is like new shoes, they just make you feel good


"This paper has successfully provided the proof of concept of a &lt;$2000 metal 3-D printer."    morning to all my friends, followers and  Have a wonderful  sunday. Relax and enjoy. :)


Why am I thinking of school doe for reals lol you know what I'm sayin


 said that he likes  " they played for us during the summer time and they are great band"    


Almost 4 million people lost their homes and the ground situation is completely flattened especially in Tacloban. It's really sad to see it.


" "Real friends help when youre falling apart." - Eeyore"


Followers - 11, Unfollowers - 3. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  what is the use of  SEO Company in New York?  Books, First Editions, and Signed Books from Books Tell You Why  imagine having a tree house in your garden and sitting there with Ben and sharing stories from childhood


I recommend anyone trying to lose weight or just a few pounds to try this.  to Machac festival! Me, Drinkin some fuckin vodka from Like Mike!     could be at the edge of your limits today and every little... More for Aquarius  Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 mg


The Troubles of Building Where Faults Collide 


oh noooo!
in about 15 minutes I'm going to have a big maths test!
aaahhh
help meeeee!
take me out of this heeeell!!!!


26  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


Played 11 ranked dota 2 matches today. There's sometehing about that game :/


Fischer ALPINE - Freeride: Greg Tuscher (SUI) joins the Fischer team  se...       Republic    This is the kind of shit you come up with when you only have to work 22 minutes out of the week.


Through God I shall do valiantly: for it is He that shall tread down my enemies.


 I just had presented it     


 Jawaban benar: the waterdance,  14/332529 poin


{ tomorrow on the blog }           Winchester, you are making me so happy today.


38 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


Have you heard PXTRZXL -FVLCOBOY//3STYLE//PROD.VOODOO by  on   always confusing thyroid with thymus and vv. Fail.


I just voted for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


I just voted for Damon/Elena   Retweet to vote  pes 


Photoset: fastcodesign: The Internet Visualized As An Unexpected Work Of Art If you drew a portrait of...  Young... As my old lady used to say "couldn't knock the skin off a rice pudding"....


 HappyNewYear again my dear may 2014 give all what u want to  u n Most important Health to u n ur Family  Big hugs from Germany Luv u


 reservation is made. We will send you menu asap.  Looking forward to see you!


Custody Battle Raises Questions About the Rights of Women 


9 Lies About Fat That Destroyed The World's Health     we have a country to rescue, revive and prosper


 my brother got me it because i showed him the tumblr page!! i love it


Got the signed TSM poster.  all over the place


73  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


 eliminates host Italy 5-0 tonight in Canazei. Advances to Universiade Semi's vs. Kazakhstan Fri.


BTC China's Bobby Lee says yuan halt on exchange is temporary, implements cold storage for   Praha is waiting for you my dude. Better let me know when your ass is getting here :P


I work core all morning but then I have triple decker for lunch. Sigh.


 Tara mang snatch tayo. Ano ba gusto mo? iPhone 5? :D


Setenta e cinco chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


finished Original Reiki Handbook of Dr. Mikao Usui by Mikao Usui et al and gave it 3 stars  end of 5th's era was pretty brutal. bye Tegan, bye Turlough, bye 5th Doctor. hello tits &amp; clownsuit. tho I actually like Peri.


 ware ketle?, who has time for that? He must leave it's not working out


List of useful Quick Look plugins for developers  


My first coffee in this cool mug! Thx to parahani !!!  !!!  feat. Rihanna - The Monster (Parodie):  via 


Guys... keep your hair growing long ^^ Scissors are your enemies.


 kak intan spm kan..gudluck...lmbt lak wish..sory k


 scoreboard watching already? It's only December.


SALMO &amp; DOPE D.O.D. - "Blood shake" official video:  pes 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 95


The Trapper Keeper iPad Case Is The Best Idea In The Frickin' Universe | Cult of Mac  se mi v inboxu mnozi emaily se subjectem "Nove ceny po intervenci CNB" ...


May the TV gods help all Sherlockians throughout the world. We're not ready. BUT IT'S BEEN 2 YEARS. See you after. My god. 


My stepmom loves to roll down the window when we are at a stop light and people are walking right by the car 


I liked a  video from   Modern Day Babylon - INFINITY /// Skervesen 4AP FF MDB8 test


Standing in to rep for Entfhrung...let's see if a year of repetiteur class pays off 


feel like I'm getting the Karn info backwards. 1st Night of the Doc, then Sisters last night &amp; Vengeance of Morbius tonight, hopefully...


Nice gitlog alias   alias glog='git log --graph --pretty=format:"%Cblue%cr%Creset | %Cred%h %Cgreen%s%Creset | %cn ( %ce )"'


Guess what.. As soon as I woke up and got dressed I went to the mailbox to check if my friend's letter came or not and I met a pretty


 [roefedm ngos] (2000) Omar Gooding, p:father c:India poin: 12


Sun, 05 Jan 2014, let us all send Uli Hoene the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (62)


Am all snug now. Let the weekend begin. By weekend I mean me getting as much sleep as humanly possible.


i hate hospitals so much i need my earphones hurry up mum


I liked a  video from   Chuck Norris vs. Vegeta


 hi, can we please get your permission to publish a freely accessible Czech translation of  on our website?


 hello, thank you for your offer but for this money really no;)


Can't wait for my new Monitor. Hate it to record with my big TV! -.-


  exactly. Giroud catching the long balls forward and Poldi waiting for Ollie to flick the ball to him.


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba Ethic DTC grips  Easy Rider video je od vera online, dte si to pustit      you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


A new favorite: Glico &amp; Isma - 0608 - 6AM Session by Glico  on 


 Hocam bu  'in 17 ubat'tan beri  yaananlarla ilgili tek bir tweet bile atmamas ve sessizlii pek manidar deil mi?


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x66


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uhdw


Our founder  agrees! Buying your own hardware can reduce your cloud costs 70% via   yah gue disuruh pergi tadinya gue mau main ke rumah lo tapi kata emak gue takut nyusahin lo gitu


WO2013166538A1 Method For Automated Manipulation Of A Bending Tool, And Manufacturing Device    [akaballia] (1939) Harry Worth, p:emigrs c:USA poin: 9


Protesters defended the Independence Square against security forces over night   (live updates) -  feel the winter
        Our house   thing that Gay Hendricks says about time essentially being our bitch. Yeah that. Creating more of it 


It's showing for the 2ed time in this year, looking forward to getting more snow:)  - Unnatural Selection (extended):  via  

is this real


 [bsasr] (1923) Irene Rich, p:domestic c:USA poin: 5


I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "ter: DISNEY a MARVEL, a -67%"  an IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


15 Creative Christmas Cookies for Your Seasonal Sweet Tooth  Mr. Fox and Shapes - an early learning shape app  Thank you so much for awesome review! We are happy!:)


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPad! Join me now for FREE!  AM IMPROVING PEOPLE. Now just half of my songs remind me of my ex, not all of them like a month ago. PROGRESS RIGHT THERE FUCKERSS


Christmas market two ( Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square w/ 98 others)  [urt lncglia] (2003) Artine Brown, p:morgue c:USA poin: 11


 PAH ICH MAG DICH SOWIESO NICHT!!! ...okay, ich les mal deine anderen Twitterz


A friendship is not about who you see everyday it's about who has been there since day one. &amp;' this girl has been...  ( AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/ 5 others)  oh, oh
I know u want me.
I made it obvious  Tonight [feat. Ludacris &amp; DJ Frank E] by Enrique Iglesias   day I'm levelling! And now I'm level 26 in  for iPhone! Get it for FREE!  bday  , akhirnya dibales juga sama kak  wish u all best smoga keinginan tercapai,amiin ya Allah...


I've collected 34,167 gold coins!    


Poly sumiu do tt, do face, da ask, do mundoo, Raleluiannnnnnnn


7 Questions to Ask Before Starting a Business in 2014  [yllailllac] (2007) Christy Kane, p:neo-noir c:USA poin: 10


halah :( RT Wkwk ngamukmu malah tak guyu =))" yowes tak ngamok :p RT Enak nyalakno kmu gk ngamok'an :p


There have been many fangirl moments in my life but this time it is different!

I've never been fangirling so damn hard!!!


Laura just chundered and got splash back on her shirt 


A new favorite: Scheinizzl - One More (KlangTherapeuten Remix Feat. Leonrd Bywa) by KlangTherapeuten  on 


Pots in the pan watch me break the stick Pull up to the kitchen with that strong arm magic stick


Woww in Korea already?? Take care of ur health guiseeee &lt;3


30000 fans watched LFC legends match in South Africa. Yes, we are not famous anymore.


Everyone's so full of shit,
Born and raised by hypocrites...


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  good news is I didn't break out in an allergic reaction. Now I just have to do the rest of my legs and arms.


I'm so done today. Seriously bye, I hope I won't wake up. Which I probably won't according to fact how tired I am.


S E G W A Y        Prague,  at Bontonland Megastore (Prague, Czech Republic)  jQuery plugin for extracting dominant colors from images and applying it to its parent  have unlocked a new battleground  ' Korea - Village'. Join me in combat!    


14  She's armed, he's dangerous.
Castle  


Marquei como visto White Collar - 5x1 - At What Price    


Yg penting selodon kayak kopi item RT   masa iya a ? Terlalu whahaha


 Home sweet home. See those rocks, middle left in the midground? You can climb on top of them. Corona Heights Park.


66. Snow Patrol vs Johan Ekman &amp; Araya - New York Duende (DJ Pitch &amp; XiJaro Mashup)  


Good afternoon and kisses and greetings  Thanks for following me :-)


Hard training camp in Mallorca!!!      se mi video   [C-walk] Zachy-Tryout to C-walk school


Thu, 21 Nov 2013, let us all send Bjrk the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (48)


bassgeZimmer  Meteor Explosion 30.11.2013 by Bjrn Zimmermann  on 


 [asciol tgsrreei] (1934) Olive Olson, p:playboy c:USA poin: 15


Another perfect night with the best      &amp; Tyson 


vo da unf em todo mundo q n ta me seguindo, to vingativa Directioners  


vsechny epizody Buffy, hodnoceny od nejhorsi po nejlepsi.  musim rict, ze souhlasim.


A'ah ni serius. my closest friend's wedding. plus wedding tu a.k.a reunion jugak. lol


First freeze          an ideal date would be eating takeout dinner in our pjs while watching Netflix and you play with my hair  sounds ok


Lol poor Canada! Now good luck Finland!!! 6-1 win (at least haha)!!!    


 [prig of hte atnelsrgr] (1958) Diane Aubrey, p:obsession c:UK poin: 21


Praha!!! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 27 others)  Is James Franco one of your Christmas wishes? Admit it, Ellie!


Must have for every fan of good music. Read more on the website...  respect and protect right to privacy':  votes for end to excessive electronic spying
 se mi video   Story Of The Year - Until the day I die - Ten Years And Counting (2013)


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               358


I've collected 392 gold coins!    


 rapper Bonus: Alone in the dead of night, heading upstream
 People that don't have a job but smoke all day long really confuse me


  so cuz guy was big chauvinist, i took bait &amp; said, ok I start with easiest...didn't go that way cuz next round of chauvinism


Sampled P.Glass (Dance Nos.1-5) or not?! Anyway Great tune  Teen Daze - Shine On, You Crazy White Cap:  less efficient than private bureaucracy or fed gov? RT  DID YOU KNOW? It takes time (about 20 minutes) for your brain (1/4)


In the track I'm making I used iron maiden-ish guitar bass. It took me so much time, sounds perfect but no one will appreciate it :C


Counting down to Saturday's  Looking forward and hoping for good weather. We'll be pushing  on Twitter  


 Still shocked that Jameis plays 2 sports in college he's a dawg and my idol


94  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


Wohoo! New  for  is here! Thank you, lets try it and I cant wait for updated  version.  I didn't get punched in the face several times by the hulk!!!! those are just my sleep deprived lifeless eyes!!!!!


I cant believe I got such a cool Lovely Lashes Top Left, Lovely Lashes Top Right!  Visit my Suite to see it!  Last  of 2013? Let's make it a good one!  Happy to be part of it!:)


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


 I missed that somehow. Since you're the biggest twitter troll in history, I am not sure anymore if the whole hack [1/2]


66  Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


In my time the guy taking the charge wouldn't get up. Or would be singing soprano...  is on fire!


If it's true that believe 3D will be only in the US and canada..im gonna kill someone


Yea, everyone got at the airport fucked in the ass by the ***giant icicle**
 that is TORONTO


I'd go take a nap again but I need to wake my dad at 5:45pm and my phone wouldn't ring if I set up an alarm on it


 "If I dont have a stone in my shoe, Ill put one in there."   -Hugh Laurie-  - 6, Unfollowers - 5. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your weekly stats via  Christmas :*
my belly is so full and what made me happy was i'v got some pounds haha im so  i ask myself same question with my piercing,it hurt really badly today in the morning but then it was suddenly just OK


Being/acting nice doesn't excuse u from being urself or mean and rude every now and then


Sharp Quattron+ TVs Aren't 4K, But They're Pretty Close  tested the Google Glass today - it's a nice geeky gadget, but not yet for regular folks.


Follower - 1, Unfollowers - 2. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your weekly stats via  Gifts for a Traveler        with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Thank you App Store people, newly released v1.5 of my app is now available for the first and last time of 2013:  lidi, 30 tipu na follow ;) a nerikam to protoze jsem tam taky ;)  via 


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


I officially declare:

 is my hero of the week :D


 Jawaban benar: 365 boots on ground,  19/365726 poin


Get Guess the Movie for free on your iPhone/iPad
   Big-Tent Politics: TIME Explains the Loya Jirga
 Red Cross offer aid to injured at Kiev church *EXCLUSIVE* - Video 
  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


 whog-ntsto dlgo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: ghost-town gold


 [rtrievpae :2 eth nrieangdk] (1996) Don Warrington, p:spacecraft c:USA poin: 26


TYPES OF PEOPLE YOU KISS:

Every time you make out with a Lickitung they'll definitely  you with...  judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reason I am who I am


The u.s. needs to step up our chocolate game. 


 hahahahaha awww thank you! &lt;333 you always manage to put things in perspective ;)


The convo Mel and I are having went from concerned friend to we're weird and awkward and don't give a crap.


Ehem bayari cetok sek to yo " Gayaa" quality time ~""


Sometimes we have to let go of whats killing us, even if it's killing us to let go.  Bananas can help relieve headaches and can alleviate depression. Even another kind of banana. Sorry this was too easy 


31  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


THE AVANT/GARDE DIARIES: Mark Wagner - Money is Material  via 


Its so easy getting free wifi here compared to Germany o.o


Oi  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


 fielding a lineup with just 2 non-British players. How many Premier League clubs can still do that and look so strong?


16  Best couple on screen.

Castle/Beckett   


"It's Okay to be Smart -- Remembering Carl Sagan" |  via 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.56C, Marc 18.94C ac foris 9.94C vre esse.


If you are not voting for FOB, something is wrong with you
fall out boy  


Tue, 12 Nov 2013, let us all send Jack Betts the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (76)


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  and I are trying to make this airport sleepover a positive experience so we're going to play hide and seek until we get arrested.


&lt; on the blog today &gt;          [hho bti ayu nogh] (1985) Ni Tien, p:tragedy c:Hong Kong poin: 16


Ko Gaborone yes, but Gabane? RT   6 o montsi..nna nnake gaa kake a betswa keraa..nkaya go clapa motho


Disputed Volcker rule divides financial world  via 


Looking for a Technical Support for Denmark in Prague, Czech Republic  


 G2  update coming to Korean model starting this month 
 actually does kick man ass, she doin good at that


  Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you &lt;3 14


The person you took for granted today might be the person you need tomorrow. So be careful!


I'm at Centrum ern Most -  (Praha) w/ 4 others [pic]:  man, I haven't checked in since September   Theres always been a tradition of po-faced seriousness about the British jazz scene, and a kind of chin-stro...


Finally got the  of   :) first impression: so nice! Love the page with the apple prototypes  eht moatic tyci tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the atomic city


We supported the STRING OF AUTUMN music festival. Special performance of Winterreise took place in our studios!   TIL... alcohol is a hell of a drug. Eff your couch! 


A jake mate plany v tom ctrnactkovem roce Vy?:) happy novy rok a usmev od ucha k uchu az do pristiho Silvestra!  sat ok artt dorudur..Alayn kendileri alp oy karl verdiler


Blasting the two best albums of this year:
 Don't Look Down   
 Holy Fire   




 Happy New Year! Just put a new post on  Going to Italy in June, Munich in April. Take care.


 well, I hope that will come to an end soon. Big virtual hug to you.


 I wonder if you read all these things I'm tweeting you?


Not feeling great today so I need this little reminder! Xo  ngayon ko lang 'to nakita :( huhu anys, I'm not sure pa nga if I can go somewhere tomo cause my body's going poitrerty rn  why?


 maybe i will just buy that vinyl on 25th, or do you suggest anything else? ;) Anyway - its awesome tune! Big up;)


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


New short film going into production this weekend called "Good Art." Can't wait to share this with you guys!



please sing hold on we're going home
 ( live on  mom off today I doubt she wake up in time to bring me lunch.


Love not to be  F.ck this homophobic system!   !!! xD


3 asociace na CD Vn hudba? What the fuck - Kato v rozhovoru s CreativeBlock.cz z    via 


 [eth kosnicgh sism ipirlmg] (1947) Dick Haymes, p:suffrage c:USA poin: 25


Think i deserve a little ebay joy to make up for this /spoiled brat right here x"D


Odeslal jsem 15 fotek na Facebook do alba New Year's Eve 2013  HILTON Prague  bridge in the early morning  Charles Bridge  husband and I are doing a workshop... He works and I shop..."Az tohle budu moct jednou rict o nas dvou, budu spokojena :D 


netaudionews: Varios Artists - Midnight Radio Compilation 4.    


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  this, love her back  &amp;  for   Lane's parents speak about their son's murder:  via 


 and nice that you can save it to watch another Day.


Zbava a brain trainer v jednom. Objevil jsem  :-)  my Libras RT   +  Their attraction on a romantic and intellectual level excites and stimulates them both.


 more new Pics &amp; Videos of  at the  Metiers Dart Show  wow! Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Official Trailer  (2014) - Gary Oldman Movie HD -  tired to watch.. Thx for the screen caps, screen capers. Good night 


I've collected 28,584 gold coins!    


Sexy Golden reindeers  Four Seasons George V Paris       
    If a  becomes really mad at you, then you will become a complete stranger to them." 


MT  A much needed salvo across the bow of Christian tribalism? Read it and find out. I'm going to.  arte nung Tech. Write talaga! May pa-pattern pattern pa nalalaman eh! Jusmiyo! =)))))


Though, I am feeling a little guilty for cheating on Sherlock with another Holmes...


since 2009 -SPX below 200DMA-up max.+33% then at least -7% correction  ilmaae eors reowts tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: amelia rose towers


Hihi iya sama sama sayangku..:-* RT " Thankyou babyyy:-*  {}  Wie hie das Video nochmal, the incredibly slow murder with a ... weapon oder so?


Just finished an amazing 3 hour round of DayZ on a 3PP:OFF server. In my opinion, players using 3PP rob themselves of part of the experience


Unezi problemz  I don't like morning..... Or mornings.... Or people.


 can't wait to have guest shift with you dear!


 toolbox overview "To Protect And Infect", Part 2,    action  and the only  there!  Terezin  Allaah Resurrect us, Our Lord, with the Prophet PBUH, the Chosen (al-Mustafa), the one to whom you have granted the right of intercession


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Back to reality back to work! ( Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) w/ 34 others)  playlist right now on  Thanks for that, 


  it was the first one we had actually. It may still be here in the middle of the night I'm not sure.


Enter to Win a 2013 Topps Prime FB, 2013 Topps FB &amp; Signed Basketball    Always together. Vote for
Castle/Beckett  


 [het ueibtsutst fwie] (1994) Lea Thompson, p:nebraska c:USA poin: 19


 [teh necai uintym] (1954) Roy Jenson, p:mutiny c:USA poin: 16


The Speakeasy Trail: Because every once in while, you've got to get out of your comfort zone. Big time.  females learned that hundreds of niggas will still keep following them without the follow back, shit ain't been the same.


ahh finally today's  back on TV with My Life... that pause was too long! :P


Sometimes things are so...obvious. And forced. And basically dramatic. 

Thank God for a year of gradual growth.


"Cat jumped on my car and stared at me this morning"  Run Afoul of Panel When Patient Is Male 


I favorited a  video from   Lyon en Billy - n Van De Sterren (Officile Videoclip)


 I can handle too much info ... I'm blonde ... I'll forget it in a minute again! :P What were we talking about?


 [ulibmse] (2007) Lilyan Chauvin, p:surgery c:USA poin: 7


I have completed the quest 'Build 2 Huts.' in the  game The Tribez.   


On page 356 of 800 of Harry Potter a Fnixv d, by J.K. Rowling  " You are the brightest star and I'm in love with who you are. 


the  website seems to be on heavy load. time to take a break  


     - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   The one and only! Pls RT to vote!

Castle  


 I don't believe in NY resolutions. If you want to change sth, you have to change it NOW and not "next year".


Okay, it is the end of this rant. Here, have a Jesus, it's almost his birthday.  Stimes, I'm wishing d military to take over power, &amp; ban anyone who has been a political office holder in Nigeria since 1980..


 Indeed still a low base. Sanganai is a barometer, but better to analyse non-VF hotel occupants   


Guardian: We published 1 % of Snowden files about how US NSA breaks laws, spies on USA, world phones, PCs, internet  deti k prarodicum s 
parent.children().detach().appendTo(parent.parent());


 Jawaban benar: the big store,  13/340512 poin


14 Conversion Experts You Should Be Following in 2014  via 


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


European Green Primary Czech new video
 with  &amp; 


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


Z mount kimbie je popina ( MeetFactory for Mount Kimbie and Seams w/ 33 others)  Dogs prefer pooing in line with Earth's magnetic field, Czech scientists claim  I found it on youtube:  When my bro was a boy he wanted to be a drumer, crazy time for family, lol


 Ji Schneider, The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs gave his short opening speech.


Sakit pilotnya kali yeh.  Karma Police by  (at Dalem Pesawat Wings Air Mau Berangkat Ke Bali)   out walking 6.36 km with  See it here:  is Helen wearing a onsie. Aren't we about to go out? 


 Well, at least you don't have to worry that someone will recognize you ;) lol


 well, at least we know where it is now :) dm me the address that's on it so I can double check.


Tirei minha fotp 3x4  que coisa feeeeeeia 
 The Walking Dead  


its real guys im a satanist .    


Security Drones Dominate San Francisco, Then the City Fights Back   A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


 Thanks for RT, Helen! Glad you like my presentation. If Marketing Mag were interested in a story pitch, I'll be happy to write it.


Finaly watched  and... It's awesome! Great job,   and everyone else involved! I am proud to be your fan :))


Guys who are taller than me are automatically cute .. 


Dateng dong, acara mlm ini di Matchbox Itats, kmu dandan (w/ Widia, Leni, &amp; 50 others at Matchboxx Itats) [pic]   Zabiela    carlosweb21  ROXY/NoD  get a bazillion texts when im too busy or just dont wanna be bothered,  When im not one or both of the things listed above I gets nada


I'm thankful that my headache only slightly feels like my hemispheres are wrestling violently.


Twitter testuje nov e-maily sinformacemi ospnostitweet  haven't been on Tumblr since the Day of the Doctor aired. I popped in &amp; already had to post one &amp; repost another. nope. won't do. can't.


Dot Rotten /  vydal Free EP s nzvem Minfection  BNGR.cz  via 


Are you ready for Christmas? Because I am :3

    


From satisfied customer from Slovakia. Thank you V. for card and kind words!  new :D yeahhh dah 18tahun dah umur aku, tapi still pendek je haha. tapi tak apa, pendek tu comell :D


 i have got so much money now idk what to do with it xD thank you so much :D


  Or Siri, create a sphere WITHOUT minecraft. Now that would be a real challenge.


   sorry we couldn't make it. Hope your fair was fun!


Maybe it's time to take out the trash... Maybe  Ach so. Ja, this is the story of how I died, indeed. Eines der traurigsten Staffelfinals.


  BBQ at your new place at the end of training camp? And Jay???


 sure, no problem. It's gonna be in Czech though


I favorited a  video  All about BECs for RC model planes


 Welbeck does that with Rooney/RVP going up front. If Chicha does that, who'll go up front? Kagawa, Young, Giggs can't.


Good morning to everypony on this glory Thursday ! Time to get up!  vs.  web design:  by   


Idk if I'm actually successfully learning the scottish accent or just making fun of english but my videos are amusing :D 


 Jawaban benar: sea of sand,  11/7332 poin  1/22252 poin  1/328680 poin


Sun, 01 Dec 2013, let us all send Andrew Adamson the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (47)


Twitter is not that overall globally influencial. btw sina weibo is almost the same amount of Twitter popularity  Salesforce Dataloader Explained in 30 Minute - YouTube   Guess why so many people follow both of you.


Da Mafia 6ix &gt; 6ix Commandments &gt; Mixtape Out Now  pes 


  she got put the jan one on her website, can self print can cover over. idw, the quality diff. maybe. see how!


How to use most effective way to make money on Craigslist
 did I mention how I miss Jackie? No? Ok. She was brilliant.


  german tv told us its because JP plays too slow for TV. Absolute crap in my book!


Ben de glgamoullar odun sanayi'nin hisselerini aldm  


Everything you need to know about the   summit in     


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 [ansat ni gihh hlsee] (1962) Sabrina, p:seduction c:USA poin: 19


 2013 Race of Champions has been cancelled due to the current political unrest in Thailand. What a shame.


You can't worry about people who aren't worried about you..


Prague's big Christmas tree  Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  dreams are made of this, who am I to disagree?


WWW             the woman was wearing xoxo dress and they are the winner


Google Music is just awesome. The only thing better about Spotify is its desktop client.


I have now made a Facebook Fanpage for Theatermenschen - the company responsible for this production of "Jerry...  [bvyerydeo elsvo dmn:oray eth stal aglhu] (2005) Gary Halvorson, p:making-of c:USA poin: 39


   is not like oil or water, it is like wind =&gt; non-rivalrous public goods 


I just backed  ROCKI Wifi Music System, From Every Phone, To All Speakers on   at Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock (Praha) w/ 2 others  Vegabomb Show by James Cole na rdiu HipHopStage prv startuje! Dnes jako host ORION! Poslouchej zde:...  jsem jako oblben video   Bianca Ryan - And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going [A.G.T 06]


Daft Punk - Instant Crush ft. Julian Casablancas:  via 


Karaoke the Bear says, "Only you can prevent forest choirs."


Great tribute to Nelson Mandela by legendary photographer and Pulitzer winner David Turnley:  via 


  i want that! :) Do you have also version with tank simulation for  ? :)


 [i t'don csrea] (1956) Mae Questel, p:black-cat c:USA poin: 13


Loving my new  and  /trousers from  
Such comfortable (and sparkly) material.  Jump-Starts the Hopper With 8 Tuners and PS4 Support   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         371


I literally have no strength right now. I feel so depleted


 how dare you. We only drink Slivovice in this house


 YAHMAN! the yeh hey very cute! i observed for 3 times alr :D he diedie wanna win that can liao LOL


 FMs meet in Brussels with  FM Sergei  to discuss bilateral ties.  I finally restore all my mouse and keyboard shortcuts on a new PC  it was really cool when you came to /r/dota2 and there are more cool subs. Oh well :(


 So basicaly it's you,  and I, right? 


Citrix, VMware slump again as sell-side mulls Amazon's impact $AMZN $CTXS $VMW  lats forever lets live it up when we're together


Favorited "Mixmaster Morris  Sea Of Green 2014 pt.1"  by 


Libya: Congressmans speech sparks controversy over  language   


 njnyo qutes tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: jonny quest


 Sad to hear but still, Happy Birthday to her. And I understand what you're saying about a life of  is it possible that we get our credits back from an AM tournament?we didn't see this is an AM tournament and got kicked^^


okay, who can come and kill me ?
it's reeeeaaally free !
pleaseeeee !?!


 oh right. I wanna see some of this jewellery now!


  Idk, I want to internationalize it a bit.


Jus checking out the dam then its back to civilization


Ztra se dokme videoklipu k pecce  od Martin Garrix a Jay Hardway! :)  Tha Kraken has been released! Let him devour all those popamoles! Gonratz, InXile!


 [hnahna eel: na acinrame eimvpriti] (1953) Chuck Roberson c:USA poin: 33


I'm at Trattoria by Giovanni (Praha) w/ 2 others [pic]:  00:00 - 15.02.2014 00:00

Experience traditional Carnival festivities in the Czech countryside,...  higher revenue-per-email for automated send ~   violation turns into police assault caught on video  lawsuit
Video 
 it's snowing heavily and that in combination with the storm ...


I have my own Infinite concert at home because I'm not able to be in London  
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 48


" twitter is like the only place where I feel truely accepted for every piece that is me"


Sat watching all of  's videos on YouTube inbetween my lectures, think I'm becoming a bit obsessed


 [ilasoc rtiersge] (1934) Alexander Kirkland, p:party c:USA poin: 15


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               56


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               79


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               309


Amboi omputeh ni tak percaya calculation aku. Dia suruh wife dia kira sendiri. Pastu pertikai price aku bagi. Lastly, aku yg betul. Huh


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;4 ew


 [ymneo tlksa] (1926) George Kuwa, p:boxing c:USA poin: 11


What's the difference between a whistleblower and a mad conspiracy theorist?: What's the difference between a ...  i Google v e se to bl. 
Thanks, Google Now. ~Christian  se to poslouch, kdybste nevdli coby : London Grammar - Nightcall (Official Video):  via 


McCain just spoke to  crowd...Text of most of speech on our liveblog  Is Almost as Popular as Cable Among Young Adults  wish you to have your star shining bright during all 2014!  The BIKO team  dla jaj obstawi remisy w Zenit - Atletico, Steaua - Schalke i Porto - Austria. Wygra. :D 


It's +11 degrees C here, still no snow this winter. I feel for you guys in N. America.


New Sales Representative in       take a single thing in your life for granted be thanks full all the time we are in all what we are a blessing 


 Stopping at 465 to go and see   See you later tonight.


You can talk a big game today, but playing it according to you... More for Taurus  Infected Mushroom - Army of Mushroom fenruofehfuejdwlkjdl!!


I'm at Karlv most | Charles Bridge (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 6 others  says "a new year a new me" why not change yourself in May or something?


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  When someone judges you, they're not defining you, they're defining themselves."


Robin Williams~ The Russians love Brooke Shield because her eyebrows remind them of Leonid Brezhnev.


Listening to Michael Bubl's Christmas songs and eating home-made Christmas cookies


I want nothing more than to be by your side
To look upon the billions of stars 
And to look upon the sparkle of your eyes -


Wishing Everyone A Wonderful Weekend!!...Cheers from       


 [od oyu bmremere oevl] (1985) Jerry Hardin, p:memory c:USA poin: 20


Frank Leue and  Nico  at the next   Usergroup Germany, 24.January.topcis and registration  Transforms Found Dolls Into Strange Self-Portraits   


Making intelligent decisions could be tricky business today be... More for Capricorn  na tohle se tm. Miley Cyrus - Adore You VEVO Premiere!  no leh tap stopping liao :D clearing a lot videos that i hvn watch. LOL


We aren't staying on the top like forever. You gonna feel what its like to be down. Life is spinning like mother earth beach.


smokin hawt RT  I LOVE this pic. Like... Look at his body. His shoulders. And legs. ;-;  Destroy vprodej! Keds, Camper, Replay, Diesel, Nike, Fornarina, Xti, Crocs, Bronx, Miss  the fact that it's the end of Christmas - NY holiday makes me SICK!!  Hoilday, u need to slowdown!


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


Future Michael Jackson future thriller. Future Stone Cold pussy killer.


 Nah, but I have received enough woofs already, so I don't mind and hugz ya :P


Happy 18th Birthday  A look at an unlikely past and bright   [utboatg ieann] (1933) Maureen O'Sullivan, p:heroism c:USA poin: 13


"New site  offers directory of US radio frequencies" -  lolll gogogoo what table are you? I'm on 12 but won't last long hehe


&amp; I don't care who tweet watching. I'm tired of this.


The sexiest bar in Prague with a view of the entire city. ( Cloud 9 Sky Bar &amp; Lounge -  [pic]:  Selling Cube 3D Printers - in Brazil  


Proud to be Czech.           Wednesday
Click the link, chose the right 2014 wallpaper for your device and enjoy!   course we are losing!Bc we are not only against Caskett and Klaine,but even against some mean SEr's:( So pls VOTE like crazy for Delena!


 sizi severek izleyen bir izleyici olarak acun lcaln yaptgn iddet le knyorum bu durumu dile getirmenizi istiyorum sayg


"McCartney" of course!  What was the first album of Paul's that you owned?


 Santa Claus brought you a Christmas gift in James himself,because where he is,there blessing coming.


The truth about what is going on behind closed doors ;-). Mostly about getting feedback...  Global Meeting  yemek yedii zaman sa eliyle yesin, ieceinde de sa eliyle isin,nk eytan sol eliyle yer ve sol eliyle ier. (Hadis-i erif)


I've collected 10,599 gold coins!    


Bagged 68k with avg 105k end day 1  10k re-entry highroller. Importantly, only had to fire 1 bullet. Play resumes 11 hours.


No let up in the final days before xmas! Drivers all over the country again 


Jin lak, kola a barvy v interiru. Porsche m pro cayenne limitovanou edici Novinky.cz  though Jenna is the cutest girl ever 


 merry christmas and happy new year for you and your family. God bless you;-). Greeting from Fan from Germany;-);-)


 for me is watch 3 times. raw, eng and chi. LOL.


  it's only for the people who park in the cool people section of the lot


In memory of Daws Butler who was born on November 16th, 1916 and died on May 18th, 1988.


Thu, 14 Nov 2013, let us all send Satomi Krogi the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (51)


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  reading for  developers on DOM events  Butterfly effect doesn't get enough credit - great film true


I mean come on, I liked him before but then he guarded the fuckin box for 2000 years. the Doctor would never do that, obvs.


"did I ever tell ya about my guinea pig named Karma?" 
classic 


I just reached level 48 in The Tribez! Join in and try to overtake me!    


Some depart, some stay on, life goes on (philosophical much?). 3 daily unfollowers and 2 followers. Via  be honest, I really expected that json-ld.js will allow me to traverse the underlying graph comfortably. 


Video: Your Yani by Said Energizer from said_energizer on Vimeo.Model:  Filmed by:...  also, how does anything get done after twitter? :)


O Allaah, do not place upon us, due to our sins, an authority who does not fear or revere You and who will not have mercy on us. Ameen


Great review for  - 'Wonderful restaurant with very friendly and serviceminded st...' -  Ronski Speed double single 'Lasting Light 2K14 / Cocomo' will be out on Euphonic Records this Friday!...  Problems, friends, fakes, love, dating, breakups, responsibility, drama, heartache, failures, stress, happiness... It's life."


Sirs  &amp;  shared their work on AI config today:  - this calls for a TF logo!  collected 29,030 gold coins!    


Today the path to the World Cup Santa Caterina-Asiago and buying Christmas gifts, Christmas is coming


 A smile is like restricted underwearit helps make your cheeks go up acne scar treatment


 you don't need git. Just download the ZIP file (the big blue button right on top of the Neos download page).


 Jawaban benar: murder on a bridle path,  23/1052 poin


After hearing of a passing of our dear friend Matt Trigle we sat down in studio with Ian Standerwick Official and...  Top 3  Artists: Parov Stelar (103), The Peacocks (52) &amp; Liberator (38)      )))          Thankful for amazing weather yesterday .   
With my    on nechytal, jen vytahoval info o domenach a to jeste 200k requestu poslal na prd, protoze se ptal na nejakou IDN nesmysl


NOW also on iTunes and Amazon!!!!!!!!

Check OUT Let Your Love Shine On Me

DJ STR!KER Lentos Records   check. Horsefeathers team rider Darek Bergmann. Photo by Vojen Smek  the physical display size for  devices on  with  hasMenu  


 NO! So you think you could have sex since prenatal?


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               143


Congratulations Datuk Ong Kim Swee for being chosen as the Head Coach of  I believe you can bring this team to a higher level


 YAH SIA! starting still can see he in pain during suho's part in growl. after that cant really see liao :/


Ready to join the IT team of the GSA, apply for the new positions IT Helpdesk Operator or IT &amp; Logistics...  (via chat with black and ebony movies | Ebony Selfshots)  JUST THOUGHT ABOUT CHECKING IF MODE7 UPDATED HIS ART BLOG BUT THEn remembered it's 90% nsfw and i'm at my father's who is right behind me


I shall be expecting my Xmas presents from some people real soon


Mozmill speed improvements after upgrading Python from 2.6 to 2.7.3: Yesterday we tried to upgrade our mozmill-ci ...  put my email in this group message, I hate you


10 Surprising New Twitter Stats to Help You Reach More Followers  via 


 Thanks for a great show! It was really fun entertainment! You're better than Georgie (to whom I've  earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 Is it really so difficult to be an activist?


Report: Hottest Asian Senior Tech Jobs in 2014 - CDO, CSO, CMO,..  via 


Interesting comeback of webOS in LG's smart TV's. Looks promising.  My happiness is mainly coming from you :) Thanks for an awesome year once again and looking forward to 2014 &lt;3


Adicionei "Witches of East End"  minha Watchlist  


 [mharmhaanis] (2000) Sphadikam George c:India poin: 11


If you care about data even when power could be unreliable, only buy Intel SSDs.  weekend in November cc            Yes, I'm still in Prague. I'm pretty much settled here after more than twenty years. How's life in Seoul? Do you live there?


  What did u like best in Prague? Did u get to see other places or were u just in Prague?


Red Thursday vs. Black Friday: Success of early  sales questioned
 with the puzzle bit early this year. For next year I was promised the Empire State Building with  you just throw ships and stuff at people and make them fall into that hole from which it's impossible to get out


absolute Lade-Empfehlung: Mute Speaker ( - Take Yourself Apart (free  Album)  


Very nice logo for Greek presidency!! I LIKE!!! GREECE unveils logo for its 2014 EU presidency  via 


We want to see your smile and hear your voice Demi!     not the right time to be sharing sad ass songs on fb so here you have it tlist


Interviewed fascinating famous economist, political advisor, author and more Tom Sedlek (he once gave a TED talk)  Its sunday and its the lords day . Y'all should be prospering in the dm's ." Amen


 I absolutely love this painting - the vibrant colors, the sense of energy...


It's been a long, fun and tiring day but it was amazing! AFTER PARTY    glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Alfleeedo *-* (  live em  | 746 Espectadores / Total 1231, 05:42 )


{           Valley of the Moon (Valle de la Luna), Cordillera de la Sal, Atacama Desert, northern Chile via Steve Allen  Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 fe


I just got 639,860 on "Tangled Turnpike" in Fieldrunners 2!  Beat that!  Seasons Hotel Doha Recognized with Cond Nast Traveler's 2013...  Stone Beads bracelet with black agate gemstone beads and owl charm   


 uto fo het eahss tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: out of the ashes


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


TOP Streamate model LOLLI !!!  Join to:    Personal blog:   Jawaban benar: hating alison ashley,  20/340965 poin


  Everything Is Borrowed by The Streets (at Dianti Catering Company )   just voted for Michael Buble   Retweet to vote  via 


My new sounds: Laco Nikdy Neklame (Dva Remix)  on 


Looking foreward to dinner, all by myself in this restaurant tonight :-)     


Working on a new Original. Bit of experiment with new sound. Feels like brand new world:D


One more illustration for a desk game about Hobbit  STEEL RECORDS with new distribution partner SOULFOOD MUSIC: The year 2014 begins for the Pure Steel Label...  gonna cry when Matt leaves and I don't want him to go but I wanna Peter there as well. Can you see my problem?


This team is lost. Just completely lost.......   


Whatcha know bout me whatcha whatcha know bout me   My family is really religious. Me and my parents are atheists, but still celebrate holidays.


  Thanks for sharing my presentation on  to you both! Martina


"Hes the first version of the Doctor that doesnt resemble your awkward uncle." - Den of Geek, Describing...  Good morning indonesia! Good night Czech!  - last tweet for today -


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


 Jawaban benar: snow white: the making of a masterpiece,  39/336212 poin


 liked this picture  on my instagram. Awesome ! :)  xoxo


Google map and its lamest directions..Loooooool :))) 


'Star Wars' Joins Tumblr, Posts First Exclusive Pic  [yob aset irlg] (2005) Conor Ryan, p:zombie c:UK poin: 13


Market trends and buy sell stock signals chart  Karlova offers high quality accommodation in the historical centre of Prague. All the apartments are...  [enesv a'dys levea] (1930) Beryl Mercer, p:charwoman c:USA poin: 17


3. Dreamy feat Muhib Khan - Willpower (Emotional Vocal Mix) [Entrance Music]
    


 Jawaban benar: rock bottom,  11/332334 poin  1/2636 poin


This week we'll have a "Black Friday" offer every day - wherever you live!

See our newsletter for details...  a horse just slipped and fell on the ice at the parade. Go home horse youre still drunk.


 hosts the U.S.- Business Council (USTBC) meeting  USTBC Board Members:  When can I expect a reply to my multiple support requests and a fix to the multiple issues with TuneUp 3 that make it useless?


Wireless charging advances with agreement on charging frequency (85 kHz), power transfer levels (3.7, 7.7 &amp; 22 kW) -  Jawaban benar: sei hoi yut gar,  15/327099 poin


 [aubmltos tqseu] (1934) Russ Powell, p:american c:USA poin: 14


Just watched the teaser trailer for the new Godzilla reboot (via   Looks beautiful. Please be good...


" Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand."


13:20 OK2PDT/P (Jan) on OK/VY-019 (Veselsk vrch, 712m, 6pt) 7.03191 cw: Jan here [OK1KT]


 [onsesofinc] (1918) Lee Shumway, p:newlywed c:USA poin: 10


Na Facebooku bude h, jet men dosah Strnek. Sprvci plate. Why Your Facebook Pages Organic Reach Will Decline  politics: Meeting billionaire newbie politician Andrej Babi | The Economist  [teh ortsy fo tglih nrmneeainettt] (2006) Cheryl Baker c:UK poin: 32


Toh! Kawo gaisuwa"  lol bai shirya ba nine na shirya"


 saying  is a vagina fucker would prompt that he fucks vaginas. If so. That'd make him a lesbian.


&lt;3, Glass Microbiology, Beautiful Glass Sculptures of Deadly Pathogens by Luke Jerram  pre-ordered this film. Check it out, it will probably be pretty good.  can't even remember when I was this excited for Christmas. I don't want it to end like ever, I can feel the atmosphere and everything,ahh!


'Sherlock' Returns From the Dead in Thrilling Season 3 Trailer  pray to god my professor lets us out in time. The hunger and tummy rumbles re real!


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Vzdlen pstup k Netter's 3D Interactive Anatomy byl nastaven:  DAT electronics on the new album! Fell in love with the ending of Judith Rules at first listen.


Why did Mac Miller put like 4 new songs on Live from Space? They're dope..but still seems strange to me


A larger and more powerful 3D printer extruder on Kickstarter  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  day I'm levelling! And now I'm level 26 in  for iPhone! Get it for FREE!  it &lt;3 RT  Video: A legendary warm up  and Rod Laver  


 sigh youuuu *pouts* fine, let's settle on that *hugs*


Rapist Pastor Gumbura bragged about politically links- Court told  Jawaban benar: alien nation: the udara legacy,  30/357683 poin


 haha, if i remember right, that is something coming up every year with you? :D


New Job: SQL servers administrator in Prague, Czech Republic  


Handmade Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


Off for an afternoon of  and  and even a     D.S.


 Ha! You'd be a star if you went out with these things on your hat :))


 new mix feat. stuff from      


Meanwhile, Shuvalov said Russia can demand Ukraine repay the loan "at any time." earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... please?


These moments with the greatest man in the entire universe  ..... iamwill    This year, I want to  | Just like  So galing! :)


  But who is still inside? Only those prepared to defend?


My Old One Parrot Girl Lilinka And My New One Parrot Rirsek  TL a little personal right now, so Ima disappear for a little.


 Don't you think, that Bitcoin will collapse by itself? There is nothing to keep it.


 Look at my soundcloud please and listen my tracks


  1.  - Street Fighter" I thought so ! Congratulations ! 


" If I could choose again, I'd still choose you."


 Wonderful trip, but good to be back, just landed in Prague. Thanks for coming man!!


I swear i could beat Serena when she playin with her left.


To sum it up. Article- zero, talking to an old Friend- hero, watching HG because I can't wait to see Catching fire on Friday - bring it on!


Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.


Jus cause he say he gon' ride don't mean he loyal dawg..


What is the difference between BMWs and porcupines?  via 


" " Lmao most of You females   rite


 broken toes were common for me. Also both arms.


Cheer up boys you played your hearts out and made each and everyone of us proud


 If yes,happy thanksgiving. A lot of satisfaction,relaxation,...


  What to expect from Season 3 in March? *Spoilers*    


Happy Birthday to you  Wishing you plenty of luck,laughter &amp; health 4 the new year of your life. ;-)


I have the weirdest dimple on my right cheek that only shows when I half smirk.


This pic is my phone wallpaper since I bought ticket for MUSE gig I was so happy.Love this pic so much    Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


It's breakin my heart to hear the grey geese in the river screamin in panic! Stop these useless fireworks! 


 gives thanks to MLK, Malcolm X in rare prison statement 
 are quiet and women talk too much, huh? Just had a guy in here for half an hour, chewing my ears off. He did all the talking :/


 it's that for those weird looking 11's. Then they have the 10s and 12s both white/black. Are those on shelves in US?


Looks like people really care about football according to my social media feeds.


You may not be able to trust your assessment of a situation be... More for Virgo  [namikg het nbad 3] (2005) Jordan Johnson, p:den-mother c:USA poin: 17


good to know I'm not the only one seeing sleepy baby animals in a certain jetlagged Doctor actor....


So what is the problem with the  this morning? Chaos at the Sandton station.


  give us ur face for consideration  lorde


"You can want success all you want, but to get it, you can't falter. You can't slip. You can't sleep  sneaky unfollowers caught and 2 new followers welcomed. All in a week's work for  moves people to choose your brand:    


NEW Inspirational Blog Group! Add your Family and Friends!
(Check Comments Section Below For Details) &lt;3


The woman is the reflection of her man. If you love her to the point of madness, she will become it.


Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  thank youu!! I wish you the same!! :) have a great time!


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.38C, Marc 20.81C ac foris -0.56C vre esse.


real live instagram      might become involved in stressful relationship dynamics a... More for Gemini  naslehany makeup Max Factor, o kterem je vsude rec, bych docela i vyzkousela, ale to evidentne  pro smart nadsence... Nove pouzivam  pres Pictastic pro WP7,ale kdyz to chci sdilet na Twitteru, mam to jako pictwitter? Why?


Today a year ago the  fixing for   took place. The rest was just painting.    There is nothing wrong about polling, if used wisely. There is Horizontal scaling of agents in progress.


I haven't been this sore in a long time! Physical pain, mental gain. Season is on my mind  


Ga mau ya mbul, haha "  nek wani titip gaplek basah sing durung digoreng..wkwk"


  Oh what a healthy looking brain! Keep it up and you'll live a long wonderful life my love. Stay warm. x


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Let's play Aurora 4x - part 95 - "TBAL"


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Handmade shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


Favorited! Excision &amp; Bassnectar - Destroid 6 Put It Down by   on 


 Yeah Yeah .. Whatever .. But it's alright if that's how you show your love for me ..


        oh lord...that face is so sexy 


 [ncedso i:ghst aaanrsiomp] (2000) Josephine Butler c:USA poin: 24


Why Rob Ford would make an awesome poker professional - '    they are smarties in germany croatia and whole of europe too so yeah jozo america sucks


Odeslal jsem 21 fotek na Facebook do alba Prague stuff  2.4  POLAND: MagnitudeML 2.4RegionPOLANDDate time2014-01-02   23:31:13.0 UTCLocation51.46 N ; 16.20...   2013 advent calendar - Clone Trooper  year this time around we were watching with disbelief what was happening on $HLF (81,40). how things can change/stay the same in 1Y.


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  played a hand of spades, and played all 4 hands like they were my own. 


Tonight T and I enjoyed a great bottle of  Chianti Colli Senesi DOCG 20072007.   most sexistic ads of 2013: The anti-award sexist piggy goes to Mendel University:    


 dthea hwis ii tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: death wish ii


 Everyone saying he's shit just because of that miss. He's pretty good! Hendo should play DM and Allen CM


     c 7. Future Perfect Tenses!    


This is an invention of genius! *-*     must be both totally mad??:-) Damn fast!      Dominik Duka to serve the Holy Mass for President Vclav  in  Crossroads today at 18.00  bych si tipla, e takhle jednou skonm:-) I wish I would one day end up like her :-)   Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


 Jawaban benar: 'sunset blvd.': a look back,  27/19249 poin


So Mandela died, dunno if I should say RIP. I rather wont.


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.56C, Marc 20.88C ac foris 12.63C vre esse.


 I can never lie, seriously can we like, go to mcd nowwww?


I've harvested 262 of food!    


Great review for  - 'The food was very good, especially the karubi and matcha ice...' -  sure to check out my latest in installment in my  series
This time I'll take you on a journey of...    You were always taller than me oy!!! Haha


 to all my Follower...thanks 4 the Favs &amp; RTs ! I love You all !  ill has it's perks... I can have strawberries!!! :D  Honeysuckle berries, Buttermilk Falls, Ithaca, New York  to legalize marijuana, Senate says -  -  I should start pretending like nothing ever happened between us, I mean since it was so easy for you."


Dramatic Footage Shows Survivor of Sunken Ship's Unlikely Rescue  contract market transport and logistics  time last year i was already in the queue for muse


O Allaah, purify our hearts from hypocrisy and prevent our hearts hardness (shiqaq) and avoid any kind of bad character (Su' alAkhlaq).Ameen


 yes for the holidaysss omg sorry for the late reply i fall asleep omg


I will wait sunbathe on camera!! Christmas gift! Do not know yet I'm curious!


Woow :) RT   just arrived. What a cute couple!  and    A BEARD...this ish irritating azz f !!!!! Won't grow right anyway...coming off today!!! Lol......    It is very sweet,Makala and he hasnt changed since the time,actually,I dont know kinder man.x


 [tpatriro] (1974) Rita Davis, p:waitress c:USA poin: 8


Unfortunately i didn't go to the gallery because i couldn't find the gallery and my friends weren't picking up my calls :(


 [hreet hscpmu edaah] (1934) Frank Moran c:USA poin: 18


Quarter Tone Grand Piano dating from 1924, Museum of Czech Music,   esk muzeum hudby |  trailer parks, if you have the double wide, your runnin the show


 awwwww :-) melting tyyyyyyy :-D btw had a blonde moment 2day.  copied html in the normal text at lj so asked mods to delete


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               218


Lb se mi video   Minecraft 1.6 - Pedstaven Novinek Snapshotu 13w16a [CZ]


I just liked "Mikrowelle - the rip off" on Vimeo:  globes for my friends at the first Advent sunday    are my place of quiet retreat. I wait for your Word to renew me. Ps 119:114


Silent running begins. 2013 was a rough year. Thanks to all who inspired, helped, or course corrected me! You know who you are. TTYL FRD!


 [snu tmaa] (2007) Apple Chau, p:headband c:Hong Kong poin: 8


Ironic that  bashed  so hard on XML, and now *requires* an XML to turn  off  [purn,empae esiirt and aajlng] (1993) Ismail Yaacob c:Malaysia poin: 28


The pain you feel today, will be the strength you feel tomorrow.


 [nd:grlwthio 03 seyar ot flei] (1998) Josie D'Arby c:USA poin: 28


An Ancient City Is Discovered Underwater. What They Found Will Change History Forever  Why was I banned in your channel anyway? Also I cant watch now, im in Safe Mode. RIP PC xD


 ah lucky you lucky you ;-; But it sucks that you didn't get to see them. Hopefully next time you will be able to see them! :3


 [gib nusiesbs] (1924) Mary Kornman, p:our-gang c:USA poin: 12


  Good morning. I look forward to continuing. You are a great team! Good luck in your future work !!!


 Birthday, Emile! Hope you're having a great day, feeling lots of love and magic around you!  :)


  nah sebi can't even afford that
he makes his own with water and sugar


 now I want to travel to Wroclaw just for sushi :v


  I LOOKED AWAY-A tap on my shoulder Excuse me? I'm death    No, not yet. But if awkwardness would take it, it would be a rape


23andMe is terrifying, but not for the reasons the FDA thinks  via  (via 


 perfect because i am watching This is us over and over :) u? :)


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  konec s lvic a lvem je bo GoPro: HERO3+ Black Edition: Smaller, lighter, mightier still.:  via 


 Law alias ragam undang2 di Indonesia yg connected satu yg lain bisa direpresentasikan sbg Knowledge based untuk mngukur Semantik


Sleeping with the TV on is linked to depression, anxiety, stress and makes it more difficult to wake up in the morning."


Language acquisition: Toys to promote language development  but I've been trying since 12 am yesterday until now tapos wala pa din   suckss


Al-Qaeda linked rebels kidnap 120  Kurds  watchdog
 - breaking news - 
  is back in hate city tomorrow. I guess I should brush up on my zombie slaying skills


They might catch me slippin, and put in something different


finished Opinionated Software Developer by Shawn Wildermuth and gave it 4 stars  am better than I was yesterday, but not as good as I will be tomorrow.


join us tonight 20kc beer from 6-8:30,10 shots of jager 300kc all nite,plus serie a italian league football from 7.   


A Golden opportunity for liberal and secular writers,intellectuals especially from Punjab to symbolically join 


 [nad eht reinwn ..s.i] (2009) Jonathan Alderman, p:election c:USA poin: 20


This is a motherfucking website. And it's fucking perfect.  I've been good... I am in like 3rd round of interviews, I think I'll get that job :) How about you honey?


" Brb time to let it go and cancel some more schools." HAHAHA OMFG


IBM: These Are The Top 7 Social Trends That Will Emerge In 2014   via 


 [aerst orf f:sera ni ym sni'md eey] (1984) Curt Smith, p:microphone c:UK poin: 33


Who's catching  in theaters? Chat with me on   memory of Boris Karloff who was born on November 23rd, 1887 and died on February 2nd, 1969.


 [ni rehsac fo aeepc] (2001) Matthew Asner, p:israel c:USA poin: 18


 Greetings from the future - it's already 2014 here in Austria! Happy New Year,butterscotch! Or was it saxy? Or hun? 


 In which SF film are they using laser as a weapon? Blasters, phasers, disruptors, good 'ol explosives but lasers? /


 I'm still confused with the baby plot, still not sure I like that part :(, might be the next big bad :D.


 I miss you so much as well! Maybe you wonder why I'm not on my 2nd account but I fogot the email I used there and it reset my&gt;


 Check out his earlier EPs if you haven't already.  Lee Joins the MashableReads Social Book Club  Jawaban benar: ice cream ants,  14/330801 poin


unlike the Tennant Doc Matt's Czech voice actually spot on (as was Eccleston's) so it will feel more natural again.


38   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


Make social and mobile marketing campaigns in just minutes with  No coding required. Sign up for free!  bosses gave me a Christmas bonus today on top of my paycheck and they said.. "Here, now go get yourself some rims, Mexican"


Today is tuesdAyyyyy!!! I cant wait to see all my bitches again     


 oooh myyyyyyGooooood!!!! I just need chanel boy bag.... Im in love....   


Van Pain vs. Nigel Joe - Come And Fly With Me (Original Mix) Preview by Digital Room Records  Nations Approves Internet Privacy Resolution  via 


   a Lexie, and there was, she died. :/ I SHIPPED HER AND SLOAN SO HARD AND THEY BOTH DIE HOW CRUEL


Wrong reactions to this type of situation consist, for example, in an effort to take revenge on the man/offender,


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 17 others  the way: THANKS to 264 followers and your interest in  and short  from  


Check out my  users' Team of the Year 2013   BASKETBALL NYMBURK - NINYJ NOVGOROD 70:85, SESTIH ZPASU:  prostednictvm 


 I won't be back mate.  Im staying in Prague for chrimbo anf NY


 u didn't even need to reply that stupid bunker..my only criticism on u is that u r not givn David Moyes enough stick as AVB


 I know about the customized pages, but demo videos?! Can you show an example?


Slides from  on DEMYTHICIZING RESEARCH: Future Favors  by   cc: 


 Did u c this one on Konopiste? U can visit it if u come to Prague. It is nearby.  the 4 of them I was the biggest fan of Seth but I think he shouldn't advance to the finale. his magic is gone. :-/ 


 Good morning, wish I could be in LA right now. Here in Germany we have 35 degrees. Way too cold for me. ;-)


 [a geelau fo onriryda nmlngeete] (2004) Walter Ray Williams, p:bowling c:USA poin: 30


 Jawaban benar: annabelle butterfly dance,  25/319006 poin  1/2920 poin


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           694


Poirot is talking abt poisoned sandwiches &amp; here's me craving a good old English sandwich, poison or not. this is not right.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


"Gingerbread Optimus Prime made by friends friend thought it deserved a share."  Education Essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


You have no OpenCall Sim card so far, but want to start using our cheap calling rates in Czech Repbulic and the...  finished a Runtastic ergometer in 10m 00s with  PRO iPhone app:  ..iam a new at twitter. Some tipes for using? Or some follows? :)  Chang'e-3 Makes Its First Soft Landing on the Moon  one can find the rewind button now... sing it if you understand  


Report: Facebook Won't Roll Out Its Major Redesign Any Time Soon  Jawaban benar: stone age romeos,  16/4580 poin


I've collected 55,670 gold coins!    


Not enough! Keith Alexander should be fired (if not tried as a traitor) and the  totally dismantled! 


 odnoznachno luchwe)) hotya v teh dnyah buli i priyatnye momenty) ya bu karting ewe raz povtorila)


I liked a  video from   Qlimax 2013  Gunz 4 Hire Liveset |HD;HQ|


Followers - 14, Unfollowers - 5. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  | Art.No. 16, 160x120 cm, year 2006, acrylic on canvas -  via 


always dream big
always dream big
always dream big
always dream big
always dream big
always dream big
  Eu te amo


Man is dat wieder fresh cool drausse.....will summer ham


 Hello, of course. Use our contact form,  Thank you.


 I can wait, release will be on my birthday - I expect a great gift ;)


9 Jane Austen Quotes for the Frustratedly Single  You are stealing yourself off a great experience by asking for tips and kindof min-maxing. Alone is the way to go in Souls.


&lt;capo&gt; tai just play games when say lb  &lt;capo&gt; he doesnt care about rest fucking team &lt;capo&gt; i probably sleep with lb so we have same avail


"Are you from Antarctica because you choose cold beverages?"  Starbucks  when does Mama Awards start? (~) UK time if possible (~)


 afraid not, in and out. But Ive seen a lot before and my dislike of people doesnt make me feel like Im missing anything


in dresden either anne will kill me or both of us,jenni or me will kill anne or vice versa.. the point is, someone's gonna die


 Haha! Well I figured everyone knew cause it was top trend in the UK ;)


I've collected 13,821 gold coins!    


The Anna/Elza relationship difficulties. Like real ones. O.O Like this is the real life, and here is your true love.


Sisters Use Instagram to Build a Brand, Flaunt 'Family Jewels'  will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 105


Follow Christiane Furst and the team in world VakifBank n defending CL Champions during 2013/2014 Champions League on laola1.tv


NEW DJ Sonic - Boom Boom Boom (NINOHENGST Remix) | preview  on 


 Or maybe the whole Twitter community died and it's just the two of us now.


'cause I'm doing this for the thrill of it, killin' it


 hg tolong la bagitahu diorang semua through whatsapp ke?


Yay! I just got through he first step towards my first publication. Now I just have to write the article and have it accepted.


 Ah, looks like the most recent book - Inferno - is also a part of the series.


 Dwyane Wade Gabrielle Union engagement ring worth $350,000!  and sinusitis:     


I think Man Utd will face Galatasaray, it will be fate so that me and my friend can face each other!


Happy 24th Birthday Taylor Allison Swift. Hope you have the best day ever, you help me trough your  voted for Castle. Best Procedural 2013 in   Cast your vote! via   person only looks pretty stable, we're going to push out the fix with our next update approximately early Tuesday morning.


everybody needs inspiration, everybody needs a song


I made a new achievement: `Flaker`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


13  Cause they are the greatest! Pls RT.
Castle  


 hte hsueo oasscr teh sterte tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the house across the street


How strong is your password?  's  may well predict it -  habia visto a Dianna en el video de just another girl, asdfghjkl sale bellisima!!!


Photoset: california-xox-n0stalgia: Confessions is a public art project that invites people to anonymously...  it left me as soon as I woke up and instead of starting with homeworks right away I went to watch another episode of Running


Whats the cut off time for how late you can continue to eat thanksgiving leftovers? Never?


Mulberry x Mr. Porter Small Clipper Leather-Trimmed Canvas Holdall Bag - OMG, this is so utterly cool.  se mi video   Gabriel And Dresden Feat. Molly Bancroft - Tracking Treasure Down [480p]


When everyone in my team saw me make a fool of myself  dude. You stalked me on 28May and I just received the noti last night. Isn't it creepy?


For the word of the Lord is right; and all his works are done in truth. He loveth righteousness and judgment: the ea  based on the text rasterizer and antialiasing your browser is using:   


 Pacific Rim story is crap, but it's a great "an evening with friends and popcorn" movie to have fun with.  big thanks for making the most expensive free to play game. I've already burned over 200 and still want to open more packs


I'm now ranked Hardcore (top 20%) in Shadow Warrior Classic Redux on Raptr!   The latter. The public appreciates to see the human side of the police. And even their humorous side ;)


Heading back to North Carolina from the frozen tundra of Northwest Iowa. Hope we beat the winter storm!


        designSupermarket13'   I keep getting told that and nothing happens!


"Evil men may do as they will; good men must do as they are allowed." 


Stahl 2013, Dsseldorf on 28th,Nov 2012       what u get when u b fuckin  wit tha wrong niggas


 Jawaban benar: semper fi: one marine's journey,  31/331577 poin


Scientists create Terminator-style muscle at 1,000 times human strength  designer or developer: Who will be king in 2014? - The Next Web  how is company tracking who owns shares? I bought more after my forum post. Post another pic?


2kw into a molybdenum "shoelace" antenna helps tame Tokamak-confined plasma -  is the   With slide out keyboard and 


Number crunching for the past day - 7 new followers and 3 unfollowers. Stats via  checked in since one month ago! ( Starbucks)  vote for me Markus A. on  Talent Pool -&gt;  2013 Packaging World in pics 
ITWG  Assembly &amp; Packaging Summer Summit in Palo Alto  to everyone!! epic celebration is on with  and 


Ne ve mi sed... ale zajmav... RT  Why Online is the Future of Job Interviewing [INFOGRAPHIC]  and solid win, Coutinho needs to work on his shooting though. 


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Don't make someone a priority in life if you're just an option in theirs


 I wouldn't have a problem if they hadn't already talked about it ad nauseum yesterday. There's a point of enough is enough.


Gesture-powered paper generators create electricity w/o batteries.  via 


 it's perfect like I can already see it happening.... I would for sure tear up big time if this happens, a perfect 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           407


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Shorty Awards Wants Your Votes for Best Seflie, GIFs, Memes  All the AMAs Performances: Rihanna, Gaga, Miley, JT, 1D and More  don't know if I could sell out like that. In the end it's for charity and gaming, but at the same side it's hurting it in my eyes.


Rakrakan 2013 w Alexis or Tagaytay overnight w Fajardo familyyyy? Hahaha baka payagan?


 You tell 'em! I hate when people have negative opinions about tattoos... 


Phoenix Coyotes poraz celek New York Islanders  Hlasuj tak na:  ist das, man wei ja nie RT  Download a copy of your Gmail and Google Calendar data...  out mountain biking 24.58 km with  See it here:  Armin van Buuren - Save My Night (Extended Version)  


I got back to reading Harry Potter... I love that guy! :D


Check out this job: SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 tbh it's a lost cause almost wolves under Conner


Protect Your Ports with a Reverse Proxy: 

In a previ...  jsem 13 fotek na Facebook do alba Cross country is not dead!  Sometimes, I wonder why I do things like this to myself. Knowing it's not gonna end well. 


 I need some sleep ... otherwise threatens to collapse my heart.  Goodnight


 I'm not able to reach the fourth step because of an ERR_CONNECTION_RESET at surveymonkey. Anybody else experienced this?


 hiii Niall, i want to be your friend. I wish dreams come true.


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


Photoset: baekhyun-the-babywolf: The way Lay reacts when hes listening to Baekhyun. Omg Lay bay bay your...  two birds are always together. I see them every day, first thing in the morning when I open the  Must Follow on Twitter  2014 by     via 


Saint Vitus Cathedral is crazy beautiful at night!   speaks is an oxymoron. Just like pretty ugly, same difference, almost pregnant etc..


 dan  esok sebelom amek result baca doa banyak2 . xD


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.69C, Marc 20.31C ac foris 5.25C vre esse.


I need someone I can speak with about everything, cause I don't have anyone like this..


Feeling bad for my Bonas friends all stressed about finals my biggest problem is what club for tomorrow


HTC One Gold, GTA San Andreas, Gigaset, Oppo N1, Galaxy S5, Play Music  ...:  via 


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


McDonalds Closing All Restaurants In Bolivia As Nation Rejects Fast Food:  [srreid fo eth eilnrmbtie] (1941) Andy Clyde, p:logger c:USA poin: 24


2013 was a year of milestones at Webnode, read what our team has to say!   A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


Start playing Big Business Deluxe for Android      fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.63C, Marc 21.56C ac foris 3.31C vre esse.


Hi my friends, have a awesome day!!!!!!
:-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D  always force a poker face after i drop a massive joke!!! unhealthy..


Ukrainian-made helicopter survives missile hit in Syria. Company turns video into a commercial:  Account manager. Czech republic. - Prague. If that is ok?:)


Instant slideshow videos from the photos &amp; music you love -  latest Slidely:  via 


Sticks &amp; Stones, Bones RT  RoZaeMac I told y'all always tryna hurt me emotionally


This dude really needs to stop retweeting  Gross Pictures' tweets


Cool, [tools] I'm so in love with SoundCite JS - Make inline audio easy &amp; seamless  |  (via 


 I think these are things that they bought in duty free zone :D But if our project is here, I'm so happy!


I've collected 33,112 gold coins!    


Favorited "Miss Shiva Presents SAR Lab - Podcast  08-11-13"  by Agi Rave


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


She's says I've moved on by the words that I tweet, I sat back an laughed....Girl you must not know me.


 loving the  gonna send you Czech-English one when I get home from work  :-) xxx


 aw that's absolutely fine!! :) I'm very interested in hearing what you think but of course that can wait :D haha so if we're


Well, I've got an Xbox 360 hard drive. Now I'm just waiting for the important part of the system, an Xbox 360 :)) 


As always great spoken word by Shane  (via  ... even if it's not a bad day!  quote this with the first 3 names you see  - justin, zayn and Louis.


Thanks to Nipa Ghosh, our participant of Prague Summer Schools 2013 for her report....  I go on tour with you...I can be a bus cleaner :)))) I don't mind :))))


 [tdnsaei] (2008) Sydney Weigel, p:demon c:USA poin: 7


Vote for Rick Castle and Kate Beckett! TV Fanatic Round Table: Best Couple of 2013    via 


Learning from one of the  when it comes do     compilation times increased 10x when I'd thrown Om / React into the project. Forcing :optimizations :none  


       Check it out! ;)  loved "DCR171 - Drumcode Radio Live - Kaiserdisco live from I am Techn..." by Adam Beyer on   only fucks with me so she can get these benefits


First day of training camp in Oliva,  Spain.  Nice weather, effort test, short ride and pretty busy programme.


Am so in there!!!!RT  Yaaaaaaaaaass! RT  Anywhere? RT  Well groomed men. Any time. Any day.


 When you spend an hour with a tutor and don't get a single problem done. Sweet" Did Robert beat up your tutor too?


Jednou se mi lb taky nco m house :D Rudimental: Waiting All Night feat. Ella Eyre (Official Video)  pes 


&lt;3 (long read) RT  Nice interview to Stanislav Lem in 1981  sad, that      part ways. But I am gonna root for both. Make us proud guys! GL&amp;HF


Good Night my Friends &amp; Followers sleep well and sweet dreams.;-);-) "Every time I see you smile, it makes me smile."  of the Worst Fashion Trends Ever  Ehm... also they should publish socks and sandals


My nephews visit brought tears to my eyes. I love you Adrian and Damian.


champagne on that ass, just keep it poppin keep it poppin!


Rychly prachy? skoda, ze uz mam vsechny coiny prodany...  I hadn't made any plans to. I had just thought about it asked.


 more like need time to read the ones I alreat have :(


38 Pls RT to vote:

Castle  
Ryan/Esposito 
Castle/Beckett 
Stana Katic  



Racing and restoring awesome cars in  for iPhone. It's FREE!
  Mossman &amp; Rodrigo Mateo - Microcosmos( Lank Remix )  And my "sun" and my "moon" were not at work today. :(


I miss my FAMILY :'( almost 2 weeks I've never seen them :'0   I still struggle to spot the idiomatic in Haskell. Thanks for the tips and merry Christmas!


 Same at Twitter web client. Only workaround seems bitly which inserts warning page, but allows to continue. cc 


Check out this website! It's talk about Reiki Healing.  

Follow 


Just ordered my copy of  Can't wait for it to arrive!  wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect!


  is making one (the same as for chris) c:


Photo: Is Getting Harder to Find that Perfect Gift For The Holidays? It seems every year The Perfect Gift...  kc!!! jestem thirsty na follows, ale serio pragne janoskians, jb, 1d, seleny, britney i moge umrzec


In Prague!          moment when whole  is trolled again :D good job  :))     today is the day to work on new fockin BOMB;)) 150bpm? why not;))  another life
We will be together
Wishing that forever
Maybe not this time
But i find u again again again 

 


 [svreeic fro asldei] (1927) Adolphe Menjou, p:society c:USA poin: 18


Loreena McKennitt - Mummer's Dance (Dance of wolves):  via 


 rtehe ildnb emstueeesrko tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: three blind mouseketeers


I'm at Student Agency Praha Florenc - (Ruzyn) - Karlovy Vary - (Cheb)  everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." - Albert Einstein


 Photos: Hoping to see this entire trio healthy in Sochi..at Moscow Ritz Carlton presser Feb 2012   So you can send pictures through DM's now...Alright send me nudes" Lmao out the gate


 [erbcu glhyaitm] (2003) Philip Baker Hall, p:reporter c:USA poin: 14


 Jawaban benar: and man created dog,  19/330179 poin


" Remember when Justin said this? Well Selena counts too you know.  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  collected 6,865 gold coins!    


Talking yourself into going along with the group sounds like a... More for Gemini   followback me please,i would be really happy - :) (via  behavior is associated w/ higher profitability, productivity, efficiency, and cust sati, along with lower costs and turnover rates.


 James filled my heart more than anyone else,dear Iris.I will always appreciate him for all.


John Mayer and Katy Perry Look Silly on Fake Bull in New Music Video  Nothing worse than a hoe in denial..." ain't it the truth


I see  representin' his hometown!   


 :D so forget about sicking day &amp;enjoy time with gf, greetings to her :) mine did yesterday same 4 me,back hurts a bit, as usual


Just one last hour of pure torture (literally, we have German) and then I can go home and watch Sherlock! 


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Amazing view today from Empire State Building!   we also usually had some xmas party at school, we all loved it:) Hope the one for the staff will be fun too.


 I love watching you play...you have this aura about you that just makes it fun and exciting! Good luck in Dubai!


Photoset: cjwho: Loft in Brooklyn by Alina Preciado by Dan Gitane This industrial-eclectic loft is the home...  Dan Schiappa je editelem skupiny Sophos End User Security Group

Spolenost Sophos oznmila jmenovn Dana...  is the celebration of love and peace. It's still ok to murder a daddy longlegs by flushing it down the sink, isn't it? 


 ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Overview and Demo - YouTube  going to create a new game for school called "Can You Guess How Many Layers Of Clothing Melisa Has On Today To Survive?"


oh, and if you have an idea what we could do next, just tell us! :)


Rachel Zoe what I liked of the Pre-fall Look book 2014  just voted for Ted/Marshall/Barney   Retweet to vote  via 


Just stayed up for 5.5 hours getting updates about  on WhatsApp, because of lost internet connection.


Where will be Philly streamed? Btw Good luck guys!!! 


 
      4 and Xbox One Compete for Affection on Facebook. Check it out on   via 


Today is the last day we seek for a runner, let us embrace this moment!


I don't know why anyone with a  as their profile photo would expect me to take them seriously!  


Yok. Law law pa ko. Pano ko ni ka join MSI-evo? HAHAHA. More prac. But....School &gt; Gaming Life. Tuon ta P6 &lt;3


 jesus christ i know. And she's gorgeous, too. But her harry potter art sweet damn, no one can do it like her. Maybe julvett


    - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  [efi-tflera] (2010) Machelle Pickens, p:corpse c:USA poin: 10


AT&amp;T Refuses to Disclose When It Shares Customer Information  15:27 Grillo, police in the square took off their helmets for solidarity 'to the cry of the protesters".  good guys officers!


 Depends on the position. Oh wait - you meant the turkey, right? :&gt;


              my mother asked for a "Linux Cake" she had no idea the confectioner was so savvy.":  via 


Jedes Easteregg aus "The Day of the Doctor"  // 


Invitation card for opening of Czech Press Photo 2013 with my photo, 2nd prize in the 'People in the news' category.   Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square  here in Italy they continue to say that GS is interested in Biabiany, I hope it won't happen. But they also said Lodi, great player.


Uh, wow. It's Christmas Day in Czech Republic and you know how it looks outside? Sun, mostly clean sky and almost green grass. Awesome :D


  oh I didn't know that, so what is now the FOSS-guys twitter alternative?


 - Completely Ridiculous And Phony Captcha that Hassles for Amusement.


ih bosco sukanya menghina hina belum tentu km bisa :p  yaolo platih.e chelsea iku sangar gak ecek2 kyk thiago


Michael Gove Attacked For 'Blackadder' Comments On 'Left-Wing' Whitewash Of WW1 History  via 


Idk I just really really really feel like changing my icon to miley icon


The amount of free things in the universe is limited: therefore you can have either free software or free time, but not both.


....  London so much ...can't wait be back...  bgt? Ahaha iyaa wait"  tan, wa-in no-nya si troy. :'))"


Listening to The Citythinking how I met him for the first time


My top pick Gold Garland  from my latest shopping adventure at Starplaza!  [hte hecassrer] (1956) Tommy Doss, p:raid c:USA poin: 13


 Jawaban benar: from hollywood to deadwood,  26/86996 poin


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


Make sure ur trust worthy before u start expecting ppl to trust u


This week on twitter: 11 new followers, 7 new unfollowers and followed 4 people via  se mi video   Mariah Carey - All I Want For Christmas Is You


   when a character acts a way that it falls out of this concept, without any deeper reasoning, it's ooc


Killed that sermon, too bad I think I'm having a stroke.


I unlocked 2 Steam achievements in BioShock Infinite!  must be -387 degrees in New England for the simple fact the BB needed something stronger than his cutoff hoodie... 


Girl draws self-portraits before and during LSD high (12 Photos)  you in  on 
...together with Tritonal, Super8 &amp; Tab + Jerome Isma-Ae :-)  not a Fan of Hostels, but I definitely liked this one quite a lot! :-) ( Hostel Elf)  whether to get dressed like a real grown up or wear leggings and uggs is a real struggle for me everyday..


Violachannel at their best today. First they posted the lineup from last year and now we're playing in 10!


I'll admit it-- I'm The Substituter. Find out if you're one of the worst 44 people in any restaurant:  backseat companions mikek212 and  babies Juno and Blue Moon, love these kittens  love you. Thank you for Believe Tour. I'm crying. CAN U FOLLOW ME? Please... :(( 


We need to go kite surfing guys.        My dream said so :/


" My girlfriend just broke up with me because she "can't handle the long-distance thing" Or "my dick" as I call it." 


If your around Nashville area come turn up with DuSmN Ent. Video shoot it's sat hmu for info   rep the south 


 I meant e-mail, sorry... Is there something I can do about the one missing boarding pass? Thanks, Vit


 have her hit me up gotta get aquatinted with her


My Top 3  Artists: Bad Sound System (7), Las musas (4) &amp; Golem (2)  mind is faster than my typing so I always forget something in tweets


I've tweeted this several times.. Reimer &gt; Bernier  


In memory of F. W. Murnau who was born on December 28th, 1888 and died on March 11th, 1931.


"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." - Muhammad Ali


Pts again? " Dan pd akhirnya diakhir thn ini gue sngl."


 Actually, if I remember correctly, you shouldnt use the icon at all. Its somewhere in the rules, I believe.


SNOBMOBB - HOTCOMB CYPHER ( XCLU$IV LEAK VIA FUCK YEAH $5MILLION ) by TWIGGY RASTA MASTA on   or understand is nearly the same guys 


  Justin that's not funny. You are writing all the time  is out worldwide but it's not in austria!I'm very sad :(


 [yikpn, yemlar &amp; eht irabn] (1998) Cree Summer, p:spin-off c:USA poin: 25


Bad for Czech hockey but if I were  GM I wouldn't rush Tomas Hertl to start playing before Olympics. I wouldn't risk any re-injury.


ESTO COM PREGUIA DE ESCREVER E VOTAR?  PELO MENOS DEEM RT AO VER ESSA TAG 
 The Walking Dead  


Sad. I was on that road yesterday   Pathifinder in a horrific accident just after Gweru


  ok let me check it on Sabc news website will try sent it irt was donr thre


Na billboardu nadsene ctu "ponyboys show" a ono je to "my little pony a boys show" na veletrhu hracek.   


 to         &lt;3 xx


"Write a story about robots using the following words: helicopter, hippo, purple dildo, Piga and nabribba." - The best type of questions.


 all my Friends       


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


I just earned the 'Local Flavor' badge on   


 this lad in brno's tram was following you on here.  Red trousers, leather jacket, glasses. RT to help me find him please?


Watch Eleanor from  playing our game and having lots of fun!  Please RT to your friends!


Eboue 'ye muz salland Drogba'ya Mandela T-shirt' giydi diye ceza verildii lkede sadece 5 saniye iin kendini siyahi olarak dn yeter


 Jawaban benar: wwe draft special,  17/349093 poin


Repath neng (with Dhyahayu, winny, and 2 others) [pic]   but I am harmless like a puppy made of cotton candy, don't worry


 gotta look that camera up, i don't have any ideas about the old film cameras :)


 [yntnao &amp; loteaprac] (1981) Mohammad Shamsi, p:roman c:UK poin: 18


 the revised model got slightly better battery life due to smaller chip manufacturing process (if memory serves)


I've collected 31,220 gold coins!    


        Same to you buddy! And stay well!


 my dad saw it twice in cinema and said he'd go 10 more times if he could lol


Too bad Im not going to Morocco or somewhere cool lol


 cite real-life situations as examples to support what u said: "nag bag.o pd tawn ko ui" hahahaha haynako Jai..mahirap magbelieve


Today stats: 4 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  bit of Paris (not so hidden) in Prague  Caf Savoy  32 times we wished Jennifer Lawrence was our best friend in 2013  her!


A Saturday morning where I have nothing to do!      D.S.


New day, new tweets, new stats. 1 new unfollower. Via good old  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.5C, Marc 21.63C ac foris 6.25C vre esse.


When your boyfriend surprises you with a morning coffee on your way to work 


 word. Well I can help the cause after a run there lol


  To sice je, ale pointa je, e on (ani William ani Mel) ten termn nevymysleli :)


Join us for  Innovation Theatre Session IT3377 Diamond Sponsor  makes  work for you!  songs are indeed ridiculously good, just if the raps weren't mostly in that weird language called English  my favorite NEO moment is when i saw my idol and my fav brand work together  :3  GIRL , XL


Ok now I need to get up. Bleurgh. And now I'm tired. D.S.


and the award for the world's biggest procrastinator goes to..KNIGHT!!!!!
test in the morning..eses!


 i might even get u something anything special? theme?


  I had a ''new start'' 3 times, I still acted the same. But on the other hand I wanted to be like that so yeah lol


Zdjcie: luarianatorselenator: blushieh: Just had to show yall how cute my puppy is x Rosy  is coming but we never stop rolling Our CLASSIC Bike Tour rides goes at 11:30 from Nov 16-March 14.
Take...  on the storm... ( Marktplatz Finsterwalde) [pic]:  murrning, Twopico! Oversleep offset for today: +1.5 hour xD


 yes yes but only for week getting calm and then dying again bc Sherlock 


Next tracklist update in one hour, stay tuned! 


omg there was a party on tv and they danced to treasure *-*  


 upgraded to version 4. 50% of web site passwords don't work - don't paste in Safari. Can you please help ?


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 20.5C ac foris 3.44C vre esse.


They can't get food, but they got alcohol &amp; cigs.  


Shittiest night of my life-today is a "don't fuck with me kinda day"


"What's happening?"  nothing, everything its all right  *irony*


The ending of  Tune of The Year 2013 poll is just around the corner! If you loved "Folding Your Universe"...  play Aurora 4x - part 102 - "Naval organization":  prostednictvm 


This is a reminder for:

Title: Sunday Service
TanzZentrum


 [mlsir'rle dreamrsau] (1962) Andrew Duggan, p:burma c:USA poin: 19


 haha sounds like he doesn't like it enough tbh but we all love it, right x"D


I just did the   And you can do it to, and you and you! Get your kids to code! Everyone! Now!  I only said "This isn't what it looks like" once; noone understood what it should've looked like though.


JPMorgan's 'TwitterTakeover' Turns Into PR Nightmare  Mistek- 4-8 (1-6) and we past to december Final Four od Czech cup


I thought we was suppose to be a team I guess not every body for they self right now


Check out the new tailor-made acceleration programme ACE on f6s -   true artist is brave enough to make something with knowing he is gonna be hated for it.  


My Top 3  Artists: Arctic Monkeys (14), The Kills (6) &amp; Lamb (1)  what I want for Christmas is riding jerry" 
Me : *unfollows* *reports* *blocks*


  It's the little things in life! D.S.  of the month December / Part 2:

We have asked our AOTM Elias Ambhl about his most impressive moment...  event: Unspoken Silence, Transfigured Night, Mono No Aware on 19.11. at Municipality Theatre in Sokolov (CZ)  Top 3  Artists: Team Rockit (64), James Ferraro (12) &amp; Laurel Halo (8)  just bought flytickets to another dutch wedding. Can wait till april!!


hah i have something like follow forever on my tumblr but i haven't updated it in months im too lazy sighs


 Then Ill definitely forward questions that may arise tomorrow to you. Thanks for inviting us to :)


Winter Storm Heads Northeast, Threatens Thanksgiving Travel  konim dneska!  ( Centrum ern Most -  w/ 19 others)  fact:Prague Castle, begun in the 9th century, is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest castle in the world.


LESS: sitting at home | MORE: adventures in Prague   dvd slideshow builder deluxe v 6.1.13.0 final rus  I go, I scream my lungs out and try to get to you. You are my only one.


one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  .____. " Are you miss me? I feel no._."


 Ah! Thanks for explaining. Didn't know about "Ruby Murray" Cockney rhyming slang? You never stop learning :))


Im chillin with my girlfriend, but shes not my real girlfriend.. :(


I don't think dates will start looking science fiction-y until we get to the 2020s.


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


Shopping: British frozen-food retailer Iceland to open "dozens" of Czech stores  [eon dya ni mertspeeb] (1999) Magdi Gahary, p:olympics c:UK poin: 20


   This might be realisitc in the US, but I'm pretty sure not in the EU due to tight flight regulations.


 Jawaban benar: the smartest person who ever lived,  34/356511 poin


 we have lots of B bands in common lol.. don't even let me start on Taeil omfg it took me forever to put the name to face even


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 859


Something tells me that I should shut the fuck up.  :CRT  " Tag your best-friend!   you mah boy! via 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 22.0C, Marc 22.56C ac foris 5.06C vre esse.


We have One Republic cards for his conzert in Linz 14.2.2014  -  whit Melii ;*


Language Essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


 ten slibeny clanek "co cekat od Microsoftu v roce 2014" bude v cestine do konce tydne :)


42  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


Just read the annoucement of  s new album and even I dont know, if its true or not...SO SO SO EXCITED!!!! :) lots of love&lt;3


One tweet by  &amp; I'm screening Home Alone - Lost in New York!


I'm bout to get on this  again. Got in some fresh strong shit from Tennessee today.


 My thoughts ar with you,because my mom was taken to hospital again...I am so devastated. :-(


 haha :D
Make my new year special with a follow? X


Gift Ideas for the Little Photographer   


 respectfully disagree. Young secondary that could learn a lot from him. Might inspire our young talent especially if he's cheap


I know that is kinda old routine..but still love it...so much feelings there..some, who I taught this piece...  Anchor che col partire again - F Bass sackbut:  via 


 Oh no, it seems like our patient is speaking a different tongue. My dear, please, tell me what is wrong. We will try our best.


CBE Software has a Christmas present for you as well! The first 15 to enter 42RB0FQO as a code will get a free...  rhapsody is even funnier than USoE or survival


I posted 22 photos on Facebook in the album "Mitteleuropisches Theaterkarussell 3013"  the Southwest Airlines gate-to-gate Wi-Fi to the test" -  new favorite: Troller -The night(Reig &amp; Sefly remix) by Reig  on 


Successful HIV treatment may be on the way  German researchers  yep tell me about that... sometimes Im so naive


" I just want something real for once!" Patience homie


Rostislav Valvoda, People in Need: It Is symbolic public support of these meetings  with journalists and dissidents - that really matter.


 Ha? Umm...You do know that it got WAY WORSE right? -_-  still occupying  U.S.-Afghan Security Pact In Doubt After Karzai Rejects Provision to search homes by invaders  in the   Pran brna | The Gunpowder Tower  [eht alfgrute eadndu] (2007) Anna Offerman, p:slacker c:USA poin: 19


     DE COLORES /        Hi Ben, coming to Prague? 20% discounts on AK47 shooting and other activities, plus FREE PARTY EXTRAS. Give me your email.


 in NY Times - Corpo incubators in Europe  


Successful  treatment may be on the way  German researchers
        LIVE - meet&amp;greet with  ( MeetFactory w/ 11 others)  hello exercise bike ... I still hate you. Not your fault, but still ... I hate you from the bottom of my heart! 


Tisto &amp; Dyro vs. Krewella - Alive in Paradise (Tisto Mash-up) (Exclusi...:  pes 


 ruler funds repairs to historic  monastery.   new sounds: Pasquale Maassen - Milk Machine - Preview  on 


Deset zpsobu boje s komentujcmi troly. * 10 Ways to Destroy An Online Commenting Troll | Search Engine Journal  new unfollowers and 1 new follower (hello! hello!) in the last day. Via  Jako hezky to ukazal tem hejtrum, co ho dissovali, ze neni dost sexy na Finnicka  :D


Nice of "Johnny Apple" to take the time to reply, him being a journalistic celebrity and all, but man, that's harsh.   Yep that's why I was rude. Anyway Apple will reject apps without iOS7 support since Feb 2014. Guess what'll happen then :)


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  how long traditional Thanksgiving dishes/leftovers stay good in the fridge and which can be frozen well.  [elpayr ni nrgaitin] (2005) Deshanna Page, p:love c:USA poin: 18


Lb se mi video   Eat Me Fresh - what happened (h2o cover)


we'd keep all our promises, be us against the world, in another life...


 Merry Christmas and Happy B-Day Boo bear xoxoxo Enjoy your day &lt;3


 Tweet me yours EG BDay projects, please! I wanna be involved in as many as I can.


 So I am pretty much dead just by being on one? Awesome!


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 sgag


Elle Editor Dons Blackface: Jeanne Deroo Wears Solange 'Costume' And Faces Backlash [PHOTO]:  was a little kid holding onto me so it wouldn't fall  


 [ols imdrda] (1968) Robert Rockwell, p:agent c:USA poin: 10


My Top 3  Artists: Celeste (28), Melt-Banana (24) &amp; The Doomed Bird of Providence (20)   largest Bitcoin exchange ends Chinese Renminbi deposits, sending the cryptocurrency crashing  asks  about reproductive health, gets what he deserves  really bad!!! 7 of my 15 pair of jeans don't fit me anymore ... 5 of the rest are very tight and only 3 are comfortable! OMG!


Oznail(-a) som video   Guy Brings His White Girl To Barbershop In Harlem And Gets Hated On By Black


  yeah, that's sucks, I'd love to go skiing. They even had to cancel one of our biggest cross-country ski races.


 yes, I know its wtii seoul, are they airing it on tv or it's a fancam? Bcos the pic is so clear  _


Our fave restaurant "The Little Whale" (which is exactly what I'm going to look like when I get                I miss the leather helmets- signed every   fan


 Have you seen Amy Dunne? Here's the first picture of Ben Affleck in Gone Girl..  


Feel free to come to  , TONIGHT! Dec14th  jl. jawa  . Enjoy   


Well, this is it for making music today. I didn't do too much. I hope tomorrow will be fruitier ;)


Trying to find some Christmas gift ideas. Surprisingly enough, I found some!


"
H.R. 5745: End Polluter Welfare Act of 2012. The 5 largest oil corporations have made more than $1,000,000,000,000 Top 3  Artists: Beyonc (4), Kathrin Passig, Sascha Lobo (2) &amp; Kelly Rowland (1)   would keep sterling, says Alex Salmond
 stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  Entertainment games should be preserved as art and for future generations.


4.5 d nmn tau ganong close pero close kayo ng ate ko kaya ingat ka lagi!hahahaha


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 6


 Let me guess: it's the RTLII-Cut without any violance and gore?!


Lb se mi video   Boiling water &amp; water gun in extreme cold (Northern Ontario)


 hopelessly sold out, so I have to wait prolly till mid january


" If you are always worried about what others think of you, you will never be happy."


Good Morning.1 st Weekend starts at 2014 at ;-).....Where?;-).


Tangina ng mga malalanding lalaki, eno? Shoutout to mine and  's bff --RENZ BASCO! ./.


  Then, I think it's not a nerd or a very brilliant student. If he/she needs to have everything repeated. 


I just got the new FREE  and  EP from   The boys are still fucking at  30 Hardcore Updates in December!   Shopping for winter home in the  I love my life.   as nice as sharing a bed with someone who wants to share it... 


Most females are watching the vs fashion show right now. Only being shown so y'all can spend y'all money and hate how y'all look.


Today stats: 3 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  fact that you try to be friends with everyone I am ticks me off .


Actually, there's an airgun in my bedroom. My grandpa gave me it for my 15th bday. He also taught me how to shoot a guns...


  Hi, can you follow me and my friend  ? :) Thanks so much :) x2


one person followed me // automatically checked by  on wall of Rostejn Castle, Czech Republic  guy from my school asked me how many hours I workout per week and my life flashed before my eyes


  hey bbs i got packeges 2day :-) ty ty ty so much i love every piece of it :-))) my prezzies go to post office 2day


Fotoserie: NEW Christmas Rob Icons  Happy Holidays..(x)  Happy New Year 2014, Chloe! Hope this year will be as awesome as was 2013 or even much more better if it's possible :-)


because now that you're gone and I sleep alone 


Cause of aging reversed in mice: Human trials may start next year

Tak sn do 15-20 rokov sa dokme lieku proti...  What about you? It's too late, you are awake :)


Ghostface - Run ft. Jadakiss, Comp  i po letech stran tvrd  1 RE-ENTRY  Buy In: 700 K  Addon 300  CHIPS 10 000+10 000  25 min lev  GARANCE 100.000 K Deep Stack Series  Asia 2014 News: Evil, Satanic crust metal arisen from the deepest pits of Hell! ABIGAIL!!!   action instead of saying 'sorry' all the time."
 


Interested in this job? Take a look: SW Tester  in Prague, Czech Republic  


API versioning in the real world via   


one person followed me // automatically checked by  ym zcin dbe tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: my zinc bed


 thank you very much!! Are you going to see Shane on tour as well? I'd love to meet you too but I.don't think you're going


Sun, 22 Dec 2013, let us all send Ali Lohan the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (20)


 time tu cancel kls. perhi prague pun 1 mlm je. all out. hari jumaat p, sbtu balik


Vykonny vybor TOP 09 ( Poslaneck klub TOPSTAR (TOP 09 a Starostov) -   just ran 8,05 km  a 4'54"/km pace with Nike+.  


 [ullf elircc whit lmchaei lanpi] (1997) Michael Palin, p:journey c:UK poin: 30


    this is my warrior...check it out... patch 5.0.5


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         390


Do you have a gif for "When this is my last week working at the translation agency I worked at for the past 4 y...  President's 20 Things We Should Say More Often:  my running shoes :(      Palladium  I don't know all contestants, I just ran into this video on youtube


I guess we'll make history today  :-) :-) :-)  this isn't even funny anymore but I'm still laughing :-) :-)  DAFUCK !!!


 Jawaban benar: ellery queen and the murder ring,  32/357116 poin


  More like: Get FZed by girls who call Larzi only when they need pickup.  


 Jawaban benar: los angeles plays itself,  24/365816 poin  1/326691 poin


Shooting H&amp;M's new collection, designed for a Swedish  Team, for Czech ELLE.   just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               429


Answer 1 simple question every day till Xmas Eve for a chance to win amazing prizes   via 


Wonderful Cakes from Wonderful Guests!! :-) Such a sweet card, and such delicious cakes! :-) &lt;3 :-) Thank you so...  thanks for the rt, are already 3!  I am very happy, you are the best idol in the world! love you


Wanna get someone to fight me ? You know my number and where I stay send that bitch I doubt she make it 5 minutes !


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 78


pinquotes              Jawaban benar: the bottom of the bottle,  24/367973 poin


My brother while making sealing wax- "smells like literature doesn't it?"


 Love to see Joffrey being b*tchslapped and eaten up by Khal Drogo in a Dothraki Wedding. 


 artists residency now accepting applications for Spring 2014  [het uhhckcabn fo trnoe amed] (1996) Jan Rabson, p:gypsy c:USA poin: 27


Russian editor probed for "gay propaganda" for running interview with gay teacher:  Rules For Effective Social Media Marketing Strategies, an infographic  via 


Merry Christmas         


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


Lb se mi video   Jack White - Love Is Blindness


Share this deal with 3 friends and if they buy it you get yours for free!  wasn't thrilled when the Top Gear theme song woke her up lol TV may have been set too loud


  Congratulations :) 500 000 subscribers isn't only a few. You're nice ;)


one thing for sure, im done with  once i graduate.


  - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


 Oh yes I do. :-D Really Lu, you make me happy. Thans a lot, hun. xx


No soy  pero 5 de mis amigos en Twitter s   Like I said to  - it looked like my collection week after launch.


Handmade Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


wkwk bangke. hppynwyear too chaddd! see u RT   gitaaaa my best friendd and my idiot friend haha. Happy new year ya!


Just watched the amazing interview of  with  on Selling your ideas - hat tip &amp; thank you!  more days was just too long, sometimes you've gotta do what you've gotta do...   jsem si koupila Belt, Rio dress, 20's necklace, Rose netstockings na Stardoll. Podvej se do mho apartm!  Yes,it really means standing! Great when you've been walking on London's streets &amp; through NationalGallery all day ;) But worth it!


Downloading the latest episode of   Fiona please kill somebody, ur the hottest bitch in  !   


boy you're like an elevator, cause you always pick me up, boy you're like my doctor


The Hall of Names at Mauthausen Concentration Camp, Austria  KZ-Gedenksttte Mauthausen  Well, obviously it has to be virgin blood otherwise the magic won't work and we can't summon Satan-- Santa.


Excellent player, yes Ronaldo is an excellent player


Most of these rappers be lying but ion knock they hustle cause they feeding they fam and making millions


Ramifications: Blockade may cost Pakistan $1m a day  via 


Nie moge przestac sluchac Three Days Grace- never too late


 I hope your Christmas was good this time. Nobodys love is bigger than mine, honey! :)


 [ibrtme eqenu] (1944) Mary Beth Hughes c:USA poin: 12


Twitter / Twitter buttons  jo, lska je lska, ale cigareta, to je pokouenko :-) Jdu do toho taky :-)


The "Donate Now"-Button on  (German Article)  Please note that we have not agreed with any advertising associated with  being broadcasted on the station.


 sroac't idtuos tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: actor's studio


no sudden movements in this room you'll knock over stuff with a 90% chance


Nice example of branded art installation, kind of social experiment with chewing gum. Beldent Almost identical:     I'm too lazy to work on better projects      that killed me awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww


Just when i think about setting fire to all our memories I think that is something u would do. I never wanna forget. Ill bear it for us both


Sometimes all we have in life are fucked up poisonous choices


New era of F1 starts in 2014, here's a great summary: F1 2014 - What's Changing?  via  


even after (btw totally hilarious :DD) ending of one year later  - i still believe in  :))


Immunize Your Organization Against Negativity     + IRC chat for  session w/  Brent Beer &amp; Matthew McCullough: Drive-by Contributions  da Praga.                     every bitch, is a girl who got tired of being heart broken


Its hard to live in a community when ain't no fuckin unity..


 Cassey Doreen - Nightclub Kings (Official Video HD)  when you have problems with technical progress you probably getting old 


 scared but I'll get to my usual self after few moments so I hope you won't take it badly.. that I think of you as being cold


The Springboard was great before, but now its even better!    


FOTO Mayweather piel o soupee, Brooklynu vldne Malignaggi  Jordan vs Muhammad Ali.  Epic Rap Battles of History Season 3. TOP!:-)  just donated to  b/c they're building the web the world needs. If you  too, donate today:  do you have a Spotify Playlist for this years Runways!?


  You should go to YouTube streams... I know it sucks but better than nothing :v Or is their Content ID even active there


These paintjobs look sexy on the new free truck Scania Streamline which was added for free yesterday. Just saying. :P


  If you were paid to write the article, lets hope they don't follow you on Twitter...


Oh L'amour ..what is a boy in love supposed to dooo ..  


You've changed so much, it's sad. I would like old Justin :(( 


       follow please   An Awesome Xbox One Command Cheat Sheet That Won't Come Packaged With Every Console  via 


Jugger: I'll kill you CM!
me(CM): try hard
Maiden: 2-1-13 (killed  once by pudge)
Jugger: 2-10-2 (killed twice by me) :D


Manziel was even beaten by Jordan Lynch and McCarron was 2nd but we all knew Jameis Winston would win but well deserved win at that. 


He said lets just cuddle &amp; watch movies tonight, yeses! 


Tisto in Concert 2003 Angle 2  Cave   Street Carnival &amp; The Roc Project   Never Filterheadz Luvtina Dub  but they might.. I don't want to go anywhere. As soon as spring will start and my eczema will go away I'll start working out


 Jawaban benar: fei du juan yun shan,  20/322175 poin


I finished the "Expanding Livin..." task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


Wed, 18 Dec 2013, let us all send Stone Cold Steve Austin the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (49)


  Disappear from my life!!!!
You took everything from me!
Bugger!!!


4.5 haha thankyou ano ba dpat maganda o gwapo??hahaha dejoke advance happy newyear din!!:))


I just voted for Neil Patrick Harris   Retweet to vote  of an SEO: Before, After &amp; Beyond Penguin 2.1 [Infographic]  im crazy busy here. its hell-is circus with taxis to get ppl to restaurants :-) im sooo happy u got it in time and that u liked it


Probably last game of coach Martin Kafka will play in Zln against Ukraine on Sat 16/11 at 14h. Last international played here was in 1975.


What you see is what you get :-)       Arbesovo  collected 30,319 gold coins!    


 ohhhhh... idk :P I thought u meant Megan's stageit lol


A new favorite: TraumSets-Mini-Mix I by TraumSet-Mixtapes  on 


Gotta support my birthday girls!  sharlinda     wanna give a big thanks again to  and  Due to you I made so many awesome friends and even going to meet them :)


*Ding* You've got daily stats! 9 new followers and 0 unfollowers via         Retro Music Hall  besok kita kencan:3 RT  cape males bosen duh 


 Jawaban benar: the gaunt stranger,  18/328963 poin


Instagram introduces Instagram Direct: for private photo, video, and text messaging.   Wants a 3D Printer in Every American School  


 You are most welcome, Adri! :-) Thanks for your excellent articles on 


When US drones kill Militants PTI&amp;Rightists cry BUT silent over the killing of 40 civilians reportedly killd in N wazirsiatn n Army shelling


I've collected 21,847 gold coins!    


 [rfei eorv nagldne] (1937) Leslie Banks, p:spain c:UK poin: 17


" Don't ever forget who was there for you when no one else was."


Looks like  forgot to take out the Pikanyan  can not copy ma SWAGG 
was bone with it Jah bless mi
Got da flow on ma' neck  like Bow Tie
l Keep Spinnin'...  get chills whenever I see the cars circling around Hyuna and Hyunseung in NOW feeling like the cars will crash into them


 Niall ? Need to talk... follow and dm me pls.  big please. Save my life xx


Mfs a leave you for dead IM done with relationships I ain't with it


me sentindo sozinha ;x    The Walking Dead  


 [drarichsahahinhc foctayr] (2009) Pravin Tarde, p:friendship c:India poin: 24


News: CARNIFEX - Neues Album Die Without Hope erscheint 2014 :  " :A cuddle movie theater, we need these everywhere &gt;&gt;&gt;  "


I'm at Gymnzium Roudnice nad Labem (Roudnice nad Labem, steck)  Sergio... Ty mas teda formu. Ted aby to Gareth hasil za tebe :) jedeme, Turky porazime i v deseti!


Last picture and it's time to go home.   out swimming 1.00 km with  See it here:  3 in the morning and man, I feel like having pizza.   


5 Ways to Ditch the Press Release and Actually Reach Your Audience  by 


O Living, Self-Subsisting One (al-Hayy al-Qayum); Originator of heavens &amp; Earth; Possessor of Majesty &amp; Honor (Dhul-Jalali wal-Ikram).


Want Bestselling eBooks for FREE? Checkout ReadCheaply!  via 


 i also just read this today. Breathing relief at it being presenced...


 Dear Lars.  ACE is down, even in West Pacific. There are reasons for cutting co2, but Haiyan is not one.  hughmorris: Model: Liang Senn Location: Brooklyn, NY "In The Morning" series Photographer: Daniel...   Let me know when it is. Would love to read it.


The great significance of the Holy Mountain is in the fact that it has opened to the world the feat of silence and constant prayer,


From  "I'm going there... To exercise my right. I hope they let me use the ink on my middle finger."  Beitrag: Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Local School Visit  iluze / Lost Illusions, rock-folk trio, live on Dec 4 in Balbinka, Prague  SOUND CONNECTION  w/ Dawad &amp; Bananna Wintour - 23h/5h - jeudi  Baby  stats: 2 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  hello, my love, how are you today? ;) follow me, please :** x2


22  Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Bitcoin Black Friday Goes Live and Other News You Need to Know  KyPass Companion is more or less the last Beta release just re-released as 1.0 (or 1.1). There's loads of missing features.


I'm at Obchodn Centrum Plaza -  (Plze) w/ 2 others  Leather Jackets, White T-Shirts and Jeans" oder so ^^


 to the best roomie ever. Going to miss her!


JM:  and CHP have been working on the dance routine and cracked it 


Konference  Beyond AI: Artificial Golem Intelligence skonila. Videa pednek a diskuz jsou zde  [lte em' evha ti] (1935) Earl Eby, p:gangster c:USA poin: 15


 Great! Thanks! I sent the mail some minutes ago :)


Mon, 16 Dec 2013, let us all send Krysten Ritter the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (32)


It rolled off the table and onto the floor and then my poor meatball, it rolled out the door


    selamat pagii my bungcut happy mondayy \o/


You are often drawn to philosophical discussions and can usual... More for Sagittarius  Love this castle ruin. Very romantic and poetic. Loved visiting the quaint town of Trencin in Slovakia.


I just voted for Demi Lovato   Retweet to vote  via 


             ouvi falar disso, acho que vai ser it should me easy, vou morrer de raiva se for kk


  I'm a pro in getting spider apps on my smartphones. Any recommendations for a good case for my 


Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!  will forget what you said; people will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.


lol I had the Moff's back in the past week &amp; I didn't even have any idea he'd give me my Paul back. feels good.


ehh.. why so rude????? what happened w nice people in this company????


 Bonjour My Queen Wish You happy New year adore u zizou from tunisia :* !! :') plz jawbi :')) !!


I've collected 35,174 gold coins!    


Black Sabbath Live 2013  Verizon Wireless Amphitheater, Irvine, CA. (Fu...:  pes 


 apw spaw tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: paw paws


Not a pretty win tonight but a good win!!!   Guys showed strength through fatigue!!


 man I love those albums, wish they would come perform here must be such a good show


Lovers shot dead in Baghlan province of Afghanistan ---  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


Unsubscribe from unwanted emails &amp; combine the rest into a single daily digest with   must defeat Basel, Leverkusen must do the same against Sociedad as well. 


 'dont tjus tdsan !rteeh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: don't just stand there!


 she said" lilies of purity, grow as high, as deep my love is buried" from that time, her sins were buried.


"I'd give you the world if it was mine..."    Norah Jones &amp; Billie Joe album is pretty much perfect. go Everly Bros!


Was out running 6.58 km with  See it here:  hoping for My Blood as a single. C'mon, Ellie!


Localization Trends 2014 survey, click here to contribute your views    


American panic, the psyche breaks down. Laura Dern and Enlightened  aren't in the mood to do a whole lot of relationship proce... More for Sagittarius    Wow. And thanks all for the encouragement!


   Go see Gina Bellman in National in From Morning to Midnight.You can thank me later :)


I liked a  video  People with no kids don't know


 Ok, she's here now. Do something cool with the rest of the day.


What is a soulmate? Its like a best friend but more. Its the one person in the world who knows you  [susej urvess hte shemais] (2008) Danny Idollor, p:jesus c:UK poin: 24


Look at this Louis Star.... Tomorrow his his birthday   ily okay we gotta boost your confidence *hugs*  b-day Louis! I love u so much. I wait for u in Czech Republic! Come here, please!   Jawaban benar: the place of the dead,  21/5516 poin


Everytime Arsenal scores, Man City will immediately cancel it


    Anypony can enjoy dance, no matter school! And decent  clothing... yeah, sure ;)


 Keep tweeting it guys!!  RT  pleaseee I wanttttt


 \URGH! But it shows you're an outstanding father! ;)


looks like I have found the perfect Christmas goodies!! :) -- 


 It's a Monday but it's okay because... NEW INDIA VIDEO TODAY


I cant believe I got such a cool On stage top, Bangle Set, Black Sheer Tights!  Visit my Suite to see it!  ahaha amoi mana lak ni ? Atlest you can play music


 I think you'll be my new favorite person now. I approve of your attitude towards grammar.


I'm not kidding,we're getting Christmas special,mini episode of Sherlock, on new year season 3 all within three weeks so run before you can


Lots of fun too  Here we are, discussing Informed Societies   LG G Flex Arrives in Singapore, Hong Kong in December  keep english or you r not gonna become famous or some shit like that ^^


I forgot to switch my phone back to Prague time and I was late to work and it was a bloody nightmare. Just thought I'd share.


 Goldman Sees $80T Emerging-Nation Stock Market by 2030   via   by  with FREE made to measure and chlorination service  Download  Creed 4 - Black Flag (PC Version)
 


        designSUPERMARKET 2013  studying. see this phrase I don't fully understand...look it up, find a definition &amp; understand it even less. fuck this shit


" If you have to check your man's phone youre automatically single." Yea cause a real nig gonna leave her.


 [llcreaul] (2004) Eddie Driscoll, p:peep-hole c:USA poin: 8


The moment when everyone finishes their essays except you bc you haven't even started yet! 


 a nebo budte 11x tejdne v telocvicne )) like me past 9 years


Absolutely     its time to bury the hatchet 


13  Everybody loves it. Vote for
Castle  


Track Santa's Christmas Route With Google, Microsoft  in german its Aua or Au (Ow) or Autsch, which is pretty much pronounced as the english ouch


Writing Help  Custom essay Writing Services 


Semuanya RT   lebih seneng liat ali ngedrum/acting/nyanyi?


2 people followed me // automatically checked by  dude i cant stop listening to those songs im so EMOTIONAL:D


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           624


Helenka Vondrackovic - Diamond lady (is unfortunatelly) forever ;)


The Archaeology News Network: Another wall crumbles in Pompeii after heavy rains  will never be able to start a new chapter of your life unless you stop looking back at the last one.


 No better news... He is still in coma and the Doctors don't wanna make direct forecasts...:-(


Originally designed in 1975 for Pips Playboy Club in Los Angeles, this rocking armchair is a decorative...  I heard it screaming out your name, your name,


This new Brian sucks... And the spoiler on Facebook was even worse... 


 ylon eht setb 1 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: only the best 1


Webinar-Recording: Enterprise File Sharing und B2B Collaboration Made in Europe  


I'm moving to Middle-Earth. Like, now. Immediately. pls. bohooo


The journey home commences after an amazing few days in a beautiful city. Would recommend it to anyone considering   thch video  Bon Jovi - It's My Life trn 


I've collected 675 gold coins!    


A lot of  exhibitions end up in January! Check out our Art Calendar ( to not to forget about any of them!


Mount options are optional - otherwise they'd be mount mandatories    


Vintage Bayberry Maxi Dress 1970's Multi Color by prettyinprague  via 


2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  love when your parents tell you not to go in to work  


Beautiful Photos of India by Anoop Negi    


Eating a potato, staring in the darkness, listening to a fire alarm. Might sound made up but it's not.


 Jawaban benar: the mad maestro,  15/356070 poin


All this work was totally worth it--the stats are interesting! "Developer Productivity Report 2013"  via 


For the first time in history, Neon Splash is coming to Prague!   night tomorrow no school but a trip to dresden :D


The Government of the Republic of South Africa: Deny future entry to Melissa Bachman.  pes 


 Jawaban benar: take me to town,  15/353488 poin


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


People say we shouldn't be together
We're too young to know about forever
But I say they don't know what they talk talk talkin' about 


TOP20 2013  209: 07.  &amp;  - RAMelia (Tribute To Amelia) (Original Mix)  


In few minutes starts what youve been all waiting for: Kristian vs. Aftereffects mega tournament! 

  


Play fool to catch wise,Datz why we 
make dem wonder all the time 


 please tell me you're still up   jk I'll print our vog na oki?? Pinalitan ko lang yung font  then yuhh oki oki?


Stillle Nacht. Eisheilige Nacht. ( Alter Schlachthof for Korpiklaani, Subway to Sally and Lord of the Lost)  Glass Large Button Peacock Colors Art by prettyinprague2  via 


zeprivera  your daughter is soooo big na!!! Samy stop growing pls and wait for more PB babies!!  morning from Germany        


which is good. was worried abt my cred as a music geek. ;)


HTC Desire 500  dostupn a pece vkonn telefon s HTC Blinkfeed  to make the most out of  We suggest combining it with another  web framework:  our country!;)) (I don't have any materials to put on the table :D) Go strange fair            


I just ran 9,02 km  a 5'36"/km pace with Nike+.  


" Life is good. 
Horses make it better.  


My favourite character traits are [repeated periods of ugly sounds]


 Jawaban benar: the blood on satan's claw,  25/338938 poin


  guys, girls everyone check out my youtube channel     


Tenho que fazer minha pr-matricula na facul The Walking Dead   


Photo: At least somebody knows how to win a woman over. Slowly but surely.     post by  The Lean Start-up Ninja (Part I)  Your idea sucks, but if you are Agile you can charge on!  nini my heart follow me please, I love you too x9


sexist Czech advertising, it really is tasteless and crude, but has a certain amateur aesthetic quality  bad at remembering names and sometimes its not because I don't give a shit..its just my memory :))


 I was gonna say get me but idk if I wanna go or not lol


Get your paws on the TunnelBear app! ( and browse privately from another country! 


 OMG! ENGLISH! :O :'3 Keep tweeting! Beautiful photo! Hwaiting :3 &lt;3


 [ejuoxy oln] (2005) Vlad Coada, p:french c:UK poin: 12


Having a great morning at the doctors, looks like I'm going to spend the whole day in here 


todays big discovery: banana soy milk tastes like soap.


Developing countries increasing their share in global agrifood export - comment on  stat yearbook by Capreform.eu:  no but that nig made a diss last time so he obviously has something to say this time


National Theatre apartment are a perfect choice if you are looking for comfortable accomodation in the very...  at backstage of Hit 99.5's Jingle Ball in Washington DC yesterday!  urgently need a dinner or I die. This is my own hunger game.


 Did you know some of us have extremely vivid imagination?


 [oga-nagrorn irla] (1969) Nurnaningsih, p:Short c:Indonesia poin: 16


New World at the Castle District is one of my favourite parts of this quarter. Its very peaceful and sooo different from the magnificent...


Subir no cansa, pero marea un rato! ( The South Tower of Sv. Vitus Cathedral w/ 2 others) [pic]:  Lord, pardon us and erase whatever (sins) we may have committed


 RIP Nelson Mandela, a true inspiration and one of the greats of our time. (1918-2013)  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 zgwdzw


'I have got my favourite coloured waistcoat' is way too long. Also, it sounds moronic. Do waistcoat have different colors? Sorry, colours.


 [nfaiarc no:dnuuregrd acdrymeoc ni krdaa] (2009), p:hip-hop c:USA poin: 39


  I can't vote myself from here but I'm at least trying to get others to vote :-)


 It is soo nice to see a cute hamster happy :-) I have also some gifts for my hamster, but he will get them later.


Morning! Berlin, here we come. It's going to be massive tonight as usual at the Brandenburger Tor. More than a million gathering!


 Jawaban benar: jing wu men xu ji,  17/340053 poin


 What's more important than my Z.O. (Zac Obsession haha:) is that I follow everyone back!!! And you forgot to mention! :D


 the more you talk, the more points I'll score... 


 great! I am also looking for internship.I have 3 live apps, one with 30+k lines and users all over the world. Do I stand a chance?


 oswpoh bgada!hd tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: whoops baghdad!


 Jawaban benar: cain and mabel,  14/227 poin


My battery percentage is falling like the stock market of 1929 ((Great Depression))


Lb se mi video   Top Best Electro House November 2013


 I agree w Steve (of course): instead of fighting crime and finding criminals, the police are tied up dealing with drunkards. Really?


Ok... some news. There is a brand new trailer for  ready to be screened in front of  at ART CINEMA, Brno.


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  When you hide from the Eye and there's ash in the sky, that's a Mordor 


I have completed the quest 'Build a Forester`s ...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Hold out your hands and lean upon me I'll be the one to make you smile


See interesting infographic showing differences between Facebook and Twitter.  voted the best city for winter  by CNN  Hopped up outta' beeeeeeeeed turn ma' swag ooooooooon" Take a looook in the mirror say wassuup. Yeeahah get mooneey.. lmao


 can also! I watching beast concert movie there at 4 then gonna have dinner there. Then I bring all your stuff out ah


 no i just have weird men who tweet me sometimes


YouTube's 10 Most-Shared Ads in November  pes  What's your favorite?


          nope, feet up watching duck dynasty, but thanks for the offer, appreciate it


 Jawaban benar: let's do things,  15/356195 poin  1/89 poin


I just posted 4. Dl- Coe to nen Jamei?!  of my story Jamei??.  helft mit &amp; gerne RT!:-) Please help with &amp; RT!:-)   Jawaban benar: harry hill live,  15/5547 poin  1/442 poin


Warto si sprawdzi! Great site for learning geography   fun in mountains! Yana, Vova &amp; Artur.         Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jdssa


Not only goes Nicole hog my shower, she insists on singing too..


The Complexities of Customer Segmentation: Removing Response Intensity to Reveal Response Pattern  [fac ed osl omstesra] (2008) Oscar Berlingieri, p:tango c:USA poin: 21


Next party at Zoo Club Linz will be in February 2014. Watch out for more upcoming information. 

Thank you to all...  yes, ohh yes, ohh yes..  play now Schiller with Peter Happner - I feel you (PvD rmx)    


 I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   96


" All these ratchets out here and I can't get one" Lmao


The short holiday is over... Flying back to helsinki then straight to work! Dang.


 [iehd &amp; ksee] (2006) Maria Doyle Kennedy, p:crawlspace c:USA poin: 11


 [hypap hdarybti ot hojn] (1996) Yoko Ono c:USA poin: 22


Out of Prague from December 12th to January 15th! I will start taking cupcake orders after the 16th of January! Happy Holidays!!


Kennedy Is Sworn in as Japan Envoy, a Post Long Held by Political Notables 


 Same here. It's so easy to score stuff over here.


Dota is still best thing to watch, but  is pretty fun. Good commentary, interesting hands!


O Allah we enter the day time and the evening and die with your will and to You do we return.


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x3


My new favorite band: HoneyHoney. This video from Sunday at Lucerna is great example of their appeal.   recommend you this for long trips or for time in the office too. :)   for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  g


 hey nicht so depri! Wird schon wieder. &lt;thumbsup&gt;


 it's already 3 pm here in austria. Foggy and dark :( cold. But my xbox One is running so everything is okay!


See?PLL is WWT every single day!But what about TVD,Ian Somerhalder,Nina dobrev?I haven seen this trending for a week:/We have to VOTE more!


It's almost 4am and am up, having wine in bed with my hair half done. My mother would not be proud. Not at all :(


Produce your own filament for 3D printer with FilaFab  


"I think Phil Robertson spends a lot less time thinking about me sucking dick than you do." Well done,   just want to cuddle and watch movies, while drinking got chocolate and eat a couple bags of chips... Best friend come home!


Mistletoe 
So beautiful.. But the fact that I always end up alone just kinda waiting there for  como visto The Vampire Diaries - 5x1 - I Know What You Did Last Summer  


 someone bought me a glhwein so that helped keep me warm too :)


  via  He drinks and does drugs and a lot of other shit, but what Rob Ford won't do is quit


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Good Night everybody, I finished studying Maths and now I want my bed :-)


Scottish independence: Salmond's dream of destroying the Union will leave us all diminished: "I've just had a ...  swear if the mail man comes while I have this facial mask on, I'm going to kill myself


 That insulting moment when you call someone and they don't answer, but then they tweet 5 minutes later.is this about me


It's not always about you, sometimes it's about my ego.


Me And  Have Left Our Mark On Prague.    Jawaban benar: fire, plague, war and treason,  29/1419 poin


At the risk of sounding like someone who wants to stifle the econ. recovery, why don't Christians boycott Black Friday?


aoiasahinass: remember that time Johanna saved Katniss life by putting her own on the line only to be...  to capitalize on the content? OSE Credits + VirtueMart is the solution.   


 night baby ... from your lovely fwenzzz izzah , aeen and ainna


 Jawaban benar: the strange game of hyde and seek,  33/332000 poin  1/367766 poin


Chcete polidtit vae aplikace?  na to m online API  IDOL OnDemand ( Did you see this? "Sculptors Daughter: A Childhood Memoir" / Tove Jansson    Ring Translates Hand Movements Into Spoken Words   there  have a wild weekend and thanks for following me :-)


Heading to Tue  in Brussels to prepare  Council conclusions on  and   via 


This is the moment to pause, reflect + keep the faith. Your creation is about to assume from.   or ps Vita. Which should i buy? I already got games for both of them. 8/


Great review for  - 'Excellent drink variety and very good service.!' -  [ym dneom hnsgti] (2004) Linnea Quigley, p:interview c:USA poin: 15


Not liking our youth hostel already. Who sleeps at 5?


 the "The Rest Of Us" video is a-mazing, mister! great job!


 gauhar is da winner of bb of not I wouldn't watch  ever in my life nor would let anybody


 i never mean to hurt you, I never mean to make you cry but tonight


 [igeblsg] (1960) Francis Matthews, p:sniper c:UK poin: 7


 evegenr of eth lslsooac sabtes tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: revenge of the colossal beasts


John 1:17 For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST


 Jawaban benar: mr. destiny,  11/1593 poin  1/78 poin


I have no words to describe how great the new cover by   is.


 *hughug* thank you. I get to go home in 1hour ish so :)


finally got to know why my echofon app kept crashing when I was at my friend's house.. it wasn't updated otl


 [hte abcr] (1917) Frank Keenan, p:adoption c:USA poin: 8


 it has to it can't not exist because don't tell me he never had a beanie and glasses at the same time he had to *o*


Just received 20 GBP Amazon credit. Thank you,  :)


 I think that Reeces version is better that the original. 8^)  


Cool my final was supposed to start 30 min ago and my prof is still not here


Dear  I would really appreciate a retweet  A new single from Adrian T. Bell -REALIZE:  via  THX


Erie County Sheriff and Cuomo at odds over SAFE Act  via 


 LIKE THAT EVEN IF 9AM START WORK IMMA BE THERE AT 7AM. I'LL CLEAN YOUR CHAIR SO YOU CAN RUN YOUR FINGER EVERYDAY. OKAY SORRY


Have to text my dad the shopping list cause they forgot it


 Tell me that! And sorry for mistake ich studiere :D


Damn that acid it burn when it clean ya I still miss being a senior


I really hope  is kidding with this brantley gilbert shit 


 "Theres just no more fuckin music stores, so where do you release it?" I laughed so hard :D:D:D


o Doctor! my Doctor! I'll miss this eegit.   


 brings the festive atmosphere and unique charm into  The  mood is everywhere. Come and visit !


   ostopovice the edge of the wizardry world  BOYS FESTIVE SEASON by Tim Burton "Stick Boy noticed that his Christmas tree looked healthier than he did"  Only 8% of Britons actually call Benedict Cumberbatch 'Benedict Cumberbatch'." Now I'm quite confused. :)


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 956


 a ted oblibeny Stardust a pak Die Hard. Same Vanocni filmy. :-))


BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW: The burgers at Caf Bazaar are delicious, but that's not the only reason to visit. They're...  Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Fake Windows tech support calls continue to plague consumers - Computerworld  your one of the only players I didn't get to meet when I was up there but congrats you deserve every award you can get


They can't say shit to me anymore for that when it comes to keeping contact.


 bedtime already? Maybe i can warm up your blanket. +


St Cecilia Day - tomorrow. We will surely sing our lungs out. Thank u Lord for the voices. Ave Maria


diana let me be the one to lift your heart up
Directioners  


Intelligent Music Composition &amp; Production Software for Better Music - Liquid Notes | RE-COMPOSE:   Sales where? Sales of what? US? World? What Industry? All? Some?


have seen all of the actors in Curtain before. all of them. does it mean the UK has 10 actors or that I have no life? prolly both 


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 any test as a way of measuring someone's intelligence is just dumb. human minds aren't that simple


To beard or not to beard, that is the question...


 [hte cicmo] (1969) Kres Mersky, p:ego c:USA poin: 9


 first lesson was how to move a broken Wartburg?


Many people enjoyed the good weather and full bloom today  harvested 1,042 of food!    


 It's an Svox voice. You can use with Talkback too, if you switch to the Samsung TTS.


Apparently nailing things on a door is FROWNED UPON BY THIS ESTABLISHMENT!


Abducted Braun - Symphony of Abduction:  prostednictvm 


With their military might spread around the globe, I fail to see  as peaceful nation.


        ah jd makwe saya yg kedua. Comel sungguh awok ni. Hahaha xP


 Thanks, now I have to go and kiss first homeless I see :D


Watched the behind the scenes of The Human Centipede 2, it's honestly so cool/weird what they do


"Game Thread: Kansas City Chiefs (11-5) at Indianapolis Colts (11-5)":  10 Chrome extensions to enhance your daily browsing | Technology |  &gt;&gt;  it be? A small glimmer of hope revealed itself in the forms of empathy and reason. Might it grow into a blazing flame of salvation?


Today stats: 2 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  teh etnnnaairocri fo prete rdopu tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the reincarnation of peter proud


Check out the new site feature! Added an in game support  chat with me and say hi please we might give a shout out :)


Anyone can love a rose, but it takes a lot to love a leaf. It's ordinary to love the beautiful, but it's beautiful to love the ordinary .


"Wireless Innovation Forum Seeks Volunteers in Developing Spectrum Sharing Annual Report" -  UNEVEN GROUND: Negotiating. Her firm jaw neither confirms, nor denies   


Journalists can share Instagram photos from the Winter Olympics, but video is banned  wins book-scanning case: judge finds "fair use," cites many benefits  pes 


Armin van Buuren - Orbion (Official Music Video):  pes    


 We never get what we want, we never want what we get, we never have what we like, we never like what we have. That's life.


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Sebelum ini, saya pernah menjalankan perniagaan online secara dropship, tetapi berhenti separuh jalan selepas 3...  morning friends have a great sunday and a beautiful and peaceful 3. Advent. Enjoy it;-)  can't wait to see it babe ... Btw. How's your head, hope you're not too hungover lol


Look at dat shiny colorful thingie, I love it ^.^  only because she's doing that a lot and thinks it's oh so great


I favorited a  video  Learn How to Run Through a Wall!


 
Sayin Arinc,daha dun yurtdisindan ogrencilerle geldigimizde, hocaefendiye ve gonulluler ordusuna methiyelerde bulunmstnz


invisible disaster, that people do not even realize - is a catastrophic loss of grace.


Drops In the River by Fleet Foxes (at Dianti Catering Company)   I spend ages trying to figure out an unfamiliar term in the source and suddenly realize there's a typo in it   is tonight!  worldmarket   Die Roy Haus  CarSkin of me in Assetto Corsa [  ]: Ferrari 599XX Evo /  Theme  -   nini my heart follow me please, I love you too x14


Saint Vitus' Cathedral  Katedrla sv. Vta | Saint Vitus' Cathedral  J dedicates her next single Thunder to God after giving up parties for religion   pes 


      I FORGOT TO THANK Y'ALL FOR THE PHOTO OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH IT WAS A


New Brochure    F2800       &amp; download the instrumental version of "thunder &amp; ..."    As said: You simply ignor it if you don't like it...


Ol  quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


What's the point of paying for antivirus software if it's not going to do anything?! Ugh!


The FDA will take a closer look at the safety of antibacterial soaps  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


 all of you :*       I Love you :*


" A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are."


 Colloquium  on December 2, organized by the  Center for Nanoanalysis   That amazing feeling you get when you pee after holding it in for so long." ATM!!


 session finished          Today morning on rooftop in Nove Butovice.  jsem 2 fotek na Facebook do alba Sexy Girls in the Kitchen  cant wait till my birthday a nigga gone be turnt march 8,2014


A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.~Dior


Mam nowy film na playlicie w  Bruno Mars - Treasure [Official Music Video]   Solving murder has never been so much fun.
Castle  


 "Its pretty easy to fake the tag for official account on Twitter. Id be suspicious if the info is only on one source."


In my mind we should give every country that charges for toilets to the Russians. For the best of the Union!


Me: 

photographs taken by Mariana Garcia

follow her beautiful tumblr here  bear sits alone in a pit in the utterly depressing Kaliningrad zoo."  You mean buy her Album as CD and give this away? I think this would be an even more amazing idea since Megan could sign it :)


All these material things make  care about things that don't matter.


 Oh, at 7 am? Man, it's Saturday ;) BUT! Guess what....I had so AMAZING dream!!


Dear Fans, Friends, Supporters, Sponsors and members out there. We wish u a merry christmas. Have so great days...  [het hop - nvyealeh tosp eiocff] (1938), p:baby c:UK poin: 30


I have new glasses after how long? 7yrs? And I see colors and details as I didn't before :-) I love it!


  I appreciate the care but that was almost eight years ago, she should move on :D


Just wanna wish you all a very happy new year!! May it be better than 2013 :D


 Mani, please, follow my friend   xxx


 nah, I do just that. And its not even the most beefy Mac. Just remember to not suspend it while other Macs depend on it ;)


 uh oh, I love her because
She moves in her own way  want blood, guts and angel cake / Im gonna puke it anyway 
   it's a flawless flick. Just watch it, or watch Jackie Brown.


Photo: oswaldz: i just really need them to have a running montage set to London Calling ok  got an info about Nana Mizuki's secret wedding in Bulgaria from Jackie Chan so I tried to sneak in but was exposed by a fellow gaijin...


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


Kymeta's "flat Ka-band antenna does first transmit/receive" - commercial version could reach market early in 2015 -  play Crusader Kings 2 - Bohemia Part 77:  via 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.88C, Marc 20.88C ac foris 6.0C vre esse.


 HAHAHAHAHA. . i hvn watch infinite's. D: but my kaylay+kiki looks awesome ytd :D


Swedish House Mafia - Creamfields 2010 - BBC Essential Mix of the Year  2010 [COMPLETE SET]  is the difference between falsification and verification? "what we don't know is always more than we know", says 


I favorited a  video from   MITM: Spa mit Trafficmanipulationen


Even thinking about starting the 3rd part of Winnetou makes my eyes water
 chief Keith Alexander: talking points under the Christmas tree
 such a shame that we play strangers
no act to change what we've become


Have you heard RiFF RAFF - RoSe GoLD STRiPPeR PoLe (Prod. MLSM) by Riff Raff Official on   liked a  video  Laserov klvesnice Celluon Epic [CES]


 why todaaayy?? when they perform Game Over.. whyy?? T__T


Happy New Year Wonderful Girls      


Nothing beats an illustrative graph. :-)    


wonderful work with the natural spirit by kristinakroghstudio
 Just testing one. It IS pretty good, but the range... in winter... for that price...


Handmade shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


 [poeinre sayd] (1917) Kathlyn Williams, p:wagon c:USA poin: 12


 tak Photoshop, Lightroom ci Aperture je urcite PRO. Nicmene pro amatery? Kamarad mi ted doporucuje  it aint broken dont fix it!!  some people have a gift of fucking up a good thing all the time!!!    I DESERVE A DRINK after this..


 yeah i guess
idk i just play and somehow got to that rank


O man,like I said not long time ago RT  Man Utd shd hv signed Ross Barkley instead of Marouane Fellaini   but you were fine with it last nighhtt ;P 


About to watch  by myself in bed. This is probably a terrible idea.


Check out Prague on earthTV live from the roof of Hotel Leonardo Prague!   


     I'm better thanks. And you, what the doctor said? Hope it's not serious.


 [lesbs em aetfrh] (1978) Anna Hayes, p:religion c:UK poin: 15


I be wanting to talk but then again I only be wanting to talk to one person fr .


Now I get why googlers are so much into Dart. Apparently the functional programming is a big unknown.  


 *PMSL* That'll never change, though, even when you turn 60 :))


Karl Marx is trending. I live in Karl-Marx-City. formerly. Now it's called Chemnitz.


I've no words... "Woman has child taken from her womb by social services | via   of Ibiza - Switch On The Night by Olmeca Tequila and Mixmag  framed  Glass star necklace   


Wondering what to do with used toys?
From Monday December 2nd to Friday December 6th the grade 6 students will be...  friend understands your past, believes in your future, and loves you just the way you are 


I'm hiring! Research Manager (Market Research)  - Mo at IDC - United Arab Emirates   adaptace dal z knih Irvina Welshe (Traispotting, Acid House) dnes a ztra v podveer v Junioru!...  back to reality on Monday is gonna be rough (amirite?). But until then, a weekend in the city with the Mama.  


Teachers meeting at 7pm.Sometimes I forget I'm an english conversation/italian teacher toonot just a sexy inked body who spins rock'n'roll.


  preach!  Tichamu ona when she comes back and she's looking for all her homies


Life is nothing without having someone to lean all  your burdens on..unconditional Love.Jah rasta fara bless us...


 You were the best player on a pitch! Good job!


Now all girls gonna hate IG so much cause their inbox gonna flood


 Hi, please change download folder to your Donwloads in home folder. Try it again, afterwards you can change it back.


Making massive mistakes and instantly regretting them is my forte 


Louis Vuitton Handbags Official Website 65% off sale Find our Lowest Possible Price!$199 Free Shipping. Buy Now!     for     Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


 I'm sure we still have ways to go in explaining it. Would you mind sending me your thoughts on what's confusing to jakub


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


 wtf? Srsly one colour=1billion? Australia? You're wrong guuuyys:-)


 What if they get better and better and then Season 5 is canceled :C


I liked a  video  The Black Soft - C B Robo - DINASTY (Spot Orologio Diesel 2013)


"The truth in no online database will replace your daily newspaper..." -  have set of 48 gioconda pastels as well.. but I need to mix somehow some light medium skintone but idk how TT


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Darkness coming early ? Perfect time for NIGHT training.

WwwFlying   BY YOURS TRULY!!! Let me do the flyer for your next party/event!!   for Sr C / Python developer for secondary architectures! Remote ok!       


Do you know how big of a dousche bag you are to her ? Or ?..


Narodil jsem se v nespravny dobe. Rano jak vino ve spolecnosti Cream - Disraeli Gears, Blind Faith - s/t, Love - Forever Changes. 


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Miley Cyrus covers Summertime Sadness in the Live Lounge


Nakonec internety bez deti!  Teens have stopped using Facebook - because too many adults use it  sorrisos do Papai Noel The Walking Dead  


 you have to be on the app for the video to play, so you can't use other apps or it stops playing


  In honor of  diamond's sale of $83 mil, here's  song, played  when the sale closed.


 yes yes yes yes yes I can't even express to you how cute our gingerbread house would look


" This Aoki's music taste is so GREAT!" This is my favourite indirect in the whole world. 


Check out Untitled Story by Pisit Pongpan at     


Recreating animal as computerized robot cell by cell..Wriggling worm breakthrough for artificial life  Just 1000 cells


French Montana can not rap!! 
He Just get's me turnt up aha ! ;)


awesome thing about being  fan (other than their music obviously) is meeting so many amazing people! way to excited! 


I've collected 11,230 gold coins!    


Thankful I have all of you helpful people on twitter to post about how cold it is outside. I would never have known.


 [rbsdero] (1989) Michio Kaku, p:politics c:USA poin: 7


 oh yeah coaching shake up for sure. That's worth about three solid ayers right there. Talent just not playing 2 potential


Vay arkada, ne cemaatmi bu ran'da bile operasyon yapyor:)

Reza'nn orta Bebek Zencani gzaltna alnd
 philly cheesesteak sandwich dj hillberg-style: extra jalapenos &amp; chilli, coriander &amp;secret secrets ;)  and Quentin got issues lol they my niggas tho !


I just ran 11,0 km  a 5'32"/km pace with Nike+.  


Attending the Ferring Digital Marketing Academy - strong cases presented by   and ferring digital pioneers


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.31C, Marc 21.0C ac foris 1.5C vre esse.


Today in the   advent calendar, the  Catsuit Fire Glow on SALE for women   a few minutes ago I had reeaaly NO idea where I was ! I swear !


Sturridge was so poor.
I know he's got a knock but...


 [obb &amp; orlca &amp; dte &amp; aecli] (1969) Jeffrey Walker, p:friend c:USA poin: 25


FLIGHT 'Movie' CRASH_SCENE~ WOAH !  DENZEL's Flight Simulator -Try it !:  pes 


  It's located in Dresden, Germany. Doesn't really play music though. More pics and a video:  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 72


Besian CF will tonight play the 1st round game of EA Shield at 20:20 K.O


My phone just took a suicide plunge into my drink. It's time to sleep now.


And when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while


2hrs w/o  ahead. Will go for 4 20min-sprints w/ 500w at :10 and :30. Join me if you want. 


 Jawaban benar: blood drama,  11/2986 poin  1/53690 poin


 So okay I think we can make our meeting without spiders. Aweee I would be scared of spiders x


 Oh cool! I'll download it onto my computer at work to have some good music. Thx!


Photo: Story of my life | via Tumblr on We Heart It   give that mate some cookies! any chance in retweeting this mate's tweet? 


 Thanks Chris. Have a nice weekend. Good night :)


 Check my new bootleg :)
Free download :)
Link in description


Have you seen  Let's talk about it on   know me when you need me." Linya ng mga bitter.


Britsk premir David Cameron chce blokovat extremistickweby  streamate model LOLLI !!! 
Join to:   Personal blog:  lolli.me  here comes my genious idea to buy 10 cm heels when i'm already 178 cm tall. i guess i'll just ignore the weird looks as usual


 aedilwl lunhadia le eyjnaeg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: dilwale dulhania le jayenge


Can't get no more  Randy. Ain't no wishin over on this side. I'm on tha road box office sales gettin paid for all dis shit


 i was actually REALLY surprised they did it on the SPF event! I think they don't use it at shows anymore


 Sophie keeps talking about "traditional policing" but chooses to ignore that times have changed, as have the weapons criminals use


Never draw a line in a sand. 1 breathe if a wind, It will disappear


DIY Christmas treats, super easy and delicious check out my blog  for more:-)   it hits 12am, I know  on  will keep me awake with the capital late show -time to cramcram work! :( 


Perilous craniocerebral injury? Get well soon, Michael Schumacher. 


In Mississippi, a Divide on Farm Aid and Food Stamps 


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


Not every day you're joined in the pub by the Riot police.  I'm down and feeling blue
I close my eyes so I can be with you  | On my own - Nikka Costa  crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and 2 unfollowers. Stats via  I lost 6 followers bcoz of this Matt Smith appreciation i guess and I don't even careeeee


 hahah it would be like a real life game! They should make a zombie theme park!!


 [ronso elwles eovr ruoepe] (2009) Dominique Antoine c:UK poin: 24


 But it could have been better but I wasn't there so it's not for me to judge! Have a good day brother and keep playing! :D


Empirical studies are needed to make sure we can take you to great local places .     [ylon eht setb 1] (1986) Joey Silvera, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 15


Sittin in the blue note bar till mornin. Who else is waiting till sunlight?


So they update viber and remove tht middle finger sticker ... smh .just wen I thot viber meets all my needs ...mxm


Kinect yourself a 3D printed mini-me with Shapify  


Effective Ways To Make Money Online - Using Pinterest 
  in Prague, Czech Republic: 3.3 C (37.94 F)  


'Sorrow hides in sculpture...'  Charles Bridge, Prague  found a reason to show, a side of me I didn't know. I found you.


I've collected 36,500 gold coins!    


It's an awesome bday gift for me, being in this book.


 IPSY! You get a makeup bag rather than a stupid cardboard box and the products you get are full sized not samples. $10/month!


What Companies Can Learn From Costco's Organizational Culture  [het tefpiirs lrgli] (1996) Stuart Jackson, p:prison c:USA poin: 18


Sepertinya ada yang aneh dengan location path. Hebehe


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


So happy to see the  again.:) I really liked that mini episode. Well done.  


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  everyone is hating, sometimes it's just the truth


Give thanks to the Lord , for He is good;
His love endures for ever. Psalm 118


Marlow Briggs is a really pretty game. And it's fun. Buy it, it's only $3.75 on Steam right now.  Strangers Sign Up to Make One Kid's Batman Wish Come True  marca 2014 First International Preseason Speedway Cup  It's so hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember."


pulse elevated, hands shaking, I need a shock blanket already! 


I think it's easier to list British actors who weren't in Fry's Bright Young Things, rather than who actually was in it.


"The science of self-control: 6 ways to improve your willpower"   podlehla hackerm, zmizely Bitcoiny aLitecoiny  I feel really sorry for Anderson...

well mostly...

slightly...

a tiny bit...

actually, not at all. He's an Idiot.




 Id love the eyeshadow kit:-) I don't own any of the Tarte make up.


 releases  activists on bail.   [azma] (1997) Sharifah Shahira, p:Action c:Malaysia poin: 4


 Mita Diran  and congratulation Young &amp; Rubicam for cheap advertising...  morrow twitteratti! I wish I could bring myself to get out of bed but... Nah!!  D.S.


Hey there everyone. Thanks for following me. There are two lessons on my page now and I will add a new one tomorrow. Enjoy. EOE.


Still angry at mother for using the typical "no you're not depressed pull yourself together" reply as answer to child me


 have a cider for me!!! could do with one right now, but I'm saving my precious bottles for NYE! ;)


Good morning from Germany        


I've collected 13,572 gold coins!    


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


The chinese rover will now proceed to install the first cheap plastic toy production line on the moon. 


What's the difference between a tea bag, Spurs and Man United?  A tea bag stays in the cup longer.   


It seems   console will be more or less unusable until FF29 is released (May 2014).


 aalcwle &amp; grmoti in het orgnw reurssto tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wallace &amp; gromit in the wrong trousers


 Jawaban benar: the purple mask,  15/377 poin  1/53803 poin  1/3232 poin


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  applesauce! "RT  Hotel information: the DJH Ludwigsburg and the Campus2 are already fully booked on GalaCon weekend."


11:09 OK1DIG/P (Daniel) on OK/US-026 (Kletecn, 706m, 6pt) 24.9075 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=33 dB at OL5Q {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


GALLERY UPDATE: First HQ photos of  on the red carpet of Capital Rocks tonight!   of u ladies need to leave ya lips, ass and breasts alone and inquire about "sense" injections...


The Dark Knight Rises!!! Amo esa pinche pelicula  gushhajsbsjwksj


Good morning to everypony on this glory Tuesday ! Time to get up!  I like you, but why do you hide the Embed Code when clicking "Embed", yet show every other useless thing, like "Scaling"?


 Ponyfied Cookie monster? I always thought he'd be an earth


Sometimes I wonder when people actually get to use Windows PCs. I mean between all the updating, restarting, crashes, freezes


Mh mh feeling kinda coo today even tho physics was poop and i only got a 2 b/c it was a partner test and claudia is smart


07. Progresia Ft. Linnea Schossow - Fire Fire Fire (Original Mix)  


Just like e sand in e sea, Like ey r rising with me, Oh Lord I think I found e right one, Her love as no boundaries  


 trosyemsiu joenyusr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: mysterious journeys


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


You might lose focus today because it seems more fun to imagin... More for Aquarius  feel really light right now .... Courtney you're high"  


 if human readability doesnt matter in hypermedia, why to spend time &amp; energy in adapting JSON and not just use XML, which is ready?


Discussion essay  Custom essay Writing Services 


 yes, 18pp. This is pretty cheap :) only 5 mins to the underground! and several shops near :P


Photoset: glittersonthefloor: " Like neon lights"  McDonald's Use GMO Potatoes for Its Famous French Fries?  i buy 2014 season greetings, do i need to buy 2015 2016 and so on? or maybe i shld just stop now? :|


This final tweet brought to you by: I hit my fucking head on the table again.


 [a oerm cerfetp ounin] (2000) Bob Yarnall, p:satire c:USA poin: 20


Share this page with all your friends and let them participate at the good music. It is your responsibility!...  &amp; crisp for  training  on the Stelvio in 1hour. Bode  Guay 16, Innerhofer 18, Svindal 19  that was pretty alright no reason to be scared :p


 [eth ttypa kued hswo] (1963) Kim Hanley, p:newspaper c:USA poin: 19


 What's your favorite moment as player of  ? 


Am watching Live at the Apollo on iPlayer - that Jack Dee is really funny :))


I deserve a medal or something for dis shit and that's on tha real!


 From here (eastern europe) you can visit  and find out too. I didn't know what is Mint at all 'till today.


How can you acquire the  you need for the New Style of IT  or find and hire them?  


Out friends work on this great looking game. Can't wait to try it.  from Sri Lanka &amp; also Merry Christmas. You can watch all of my photos at Instagram (therealpeteluke)
See...  new pics or anything? i'm going off again in a bit


Ok, this is funny. That difference between Anthony Davidson and Nico Hlkenberg. Producers should have done something  mind you i am still ignoring all those super expensive photobooks that i want so much bUT TTwTT


Ansible gem module has rather strange default for user_install   Top 3  Artists: Fredo Santana (26), Lana Del Rey (15) &amp; A$AP Ferg (6)  i only have 1 pack of cookies, and i dont have a secret drawer


IWAP's Christmas Market, Saturday, November 23rd at the Diplomat Hotel:  API delivery will trump application delivery in importance in 2014"  refugees facing extreme hardship as blizzards hit region
 [saarnbda rfo deda srlvoe] (1948) Stewart Granger, p:swede c:UK poin: 24


 Anytime my friend! :) Give me a call when you are around. See you next week?


I posted 37 photos on Facebook in the album "Trance Department - On the way to Transmission"  I knoow! Just 3 days to go.:) Can't believe how time flies..I can hardly wait to see David as The Doctor again..


Jennifer Lawrence Shows Us Her 'Platypus Face'  via 


 xD it is! First, last bit of Christmas shopping and then the rest of the target for today ... :) and I'm off!


3D Print Show in London highlights: desktop 3D printers (video)  


Still a Better Love Story than Twilight...a je to 4:3...Daft Punk - Instant Crush ft. Julian Casablancas:  looking for something... / sweet dreams ok sevdigim sarkilardan an itibariyle fonda alar ... ((=


I just voted for HIMYM   Retweet to vote  via 


if you hear any strange noises it's probably just my heart beating with excitement because i'm going to see you me at six next year


 Jawaban benar: i'll build it myself,  20/323714 poin


Added a new video: "TSM - You stole the Thread, Italien 2013"  


I'm hoping for Diliman, actually. But oh well....still happy :)


HP Z1 G2: All-in-One-Rechner mit Schwenk-Display  via 


Neni nad trochu brother-sister quality time  (at    For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


When you're not happy and there's nothing else left to do you have no choice but to let it go ....


 [htere litlet wekposdorec] (1965) June Foray c:USA poin: 24


 huge alternative party tonight with loads of drink specials&amp;flavored   1, Star poledne  Sat. 30 NOV, Song  ILLUSION  LP  same 1969  Did you see her eyes?


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Morning twitter, how angry are you today? If you aren't (and you want to be), then reading this should sort you out  Mot K bad Meri Qabar pe Mat Ana

DosT

Suna he Tum Qbron Se PHOOL Chura kr larkion ko daty ho


Foto: Which novel pair you had in 2013, the dearest?  I also never do lol... I thought everyone also never do?


 the big positive of my work is that i can do "my own stuff" when things get quiet :-)))) like now. im doing paperwok and


Also many don't know the real reason for why I named myself "Grumpy Poni".


" My question is...Why hasn't  messaged me about this new Ross and Hov jam?" True!  Haha


Via  How Language Seems To Shape One's View Of The World  " Sexy and charismatic Jun. K. Who can resist his charm?   yelah . I dah makan petang tadi . Hahah it's okay . Teman pun macam sweet je .


 ou, nice of you. at least something thank you


It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :)



I've collected 31,320 gold coins!    


the winter special on dragon cave ended i'm in despair


       We love you too &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Have a nice Monday!


You don't wanna let her down
But you too young for the settle down
But maybe you can thug it out
Learn what is love about


 cuser fo eht ipkn taenpsi tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: curse of the pink panties


From Holland to Prague. There's a new genius in the family. Welcome aboard Ilya!              demasiado mi espaol pero solo tu y yo sabemos que : know that despite the distance'll always be my best friend


only the darkness shows me how lightly my soul is   [eht ngiliv eunryct] (2001) Dana Walden c:USA poin: 18


I'm now ranked Experienced (top 60%) in Tomb Raider on Raptr!  RT  Lol RT  [PIC] 131122 Honkong Airport - Sleepy Sunggyu (cr:Stay_Gyu)
 an aunt!! For the first time :)   


 stories will be told of this day, you shall die a warriors death


Solution: delete IG RT  ... The bold comments guys leave under my Instagram pictures has me creeped out sometimes.


7 Subtle (Yet Powerful) Techniques to Boost Your Brand on Social Media  a Dev: Should Android Developers Use Density-Independent Pixels?  at Centrum ern Most -  (Praha) w/ 9 others  am sure everybody knows the feeling and it does not necessarily need to be related to handicapped parking...  United 1 Shakhtar Donetsk 0: Moyes relief as Jones seals top spot  via 


I'm watching Doctor Who (5426 others are watching)   


Recall: Nikon CF-DC6 case for Df cameras   


 protein wont make u 1/2dead it will mak u 2 alive its that kinda protien i xan get u


Arrive precisely on the minute while having a podcast end at the same minute. Im a master of inconsequential accuracy.


 Jawaban benar: sometimes in april,  18/346747 poin


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x19


Getting ready for doctor who christmas special!!!! Matt smith!!!!!


 15. Why Dont We Go There_   16. Does He Know_   17. Alive_  a hardwork weekend...still at the theatre  Now Ive made a tiramisu..


 [ieempr of eassdmn] (1989) Paula Wilson, p:dead-body c:USA poin: 17


Listen, now get your back up off the wall nigga Ah ah, now get your feet up off the floor nigga


Rogue trader should pay $118-million to Goldman Sachs, U.S. prosecutors say    Unbelievable ... how he experiences this song ... :'( 


 [eht ngyric egma] (1992) Josephine White, p:terrorism c:UK poin: 15


 just keeping her life on the down low for a bit &amp; planning a few surprises for us along the way!


 Jawaban benar: who says i can't ride a rainbow!,  32/5634 poin


I love snow!!!            Yes/No Fanfic homo?   Yes, karena ... antimainstream(?)


 ha. Spotify just made it to CZ&amp; I signed up so I'll even be able to listen to this. looking fwd to doing it soon-ish. thanks! :)


djing at jot was fun;)         glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


             Dont start me. Theres so many places - as seen in the movies - one could spend months visiting :o)


 [arbanig yda] (1931) Donald Haines, p:our-gang c:USA poin: 11


Coolest parents ever!  via    


Rohana - Diamond "jaipong Remix" Ahahaha... (with Dion, Mad asry, and 6 others at Steyregg) [vid]   out Vincent van Gogh's artwork Barn Owl Viewed from the Front on    


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


 oh well, I did what they taught me "there": said that I don't like being treated this way


Don't worry,  doesn't scold us too much on how little we know about security ;-)  Snickers the best candy bar ever..or what?!...YUM!


There's a pic of Ellie, Katy, Cal &amp; Rita at EMAs and some hoe commented like "poor Ellie, she was there with her ex &amp; his new gf" lmaooo


getting tattoo compared to legs depilation is fucking joke... PAIIIIIIN


27   Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


Do I have permission to kick Florida out of the SEC if they lose?


 [a slsnoe rfoebe dgyni] (1999) David Kote, p:aunt c:USA poin: 21


 [eht scpinrse fo sakrnbea] (2007) Li Ling c:USA poin: 24


 [akdeogk-nkbto] (2005) Tae-Yong Kim c:South Korea poin: 13


This Is What It Feels Like by BANKS ( is my new jam. Listen:  play Dak after being quoted that he would not is as Dan Mullen as you can get. Play him if you want, but don't deliberately lie about it.


 [oruhg dsiwn] (2009) Christina Cascella, p:suburban c:USA poin: 11


1 tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  last acc book still hasn't been released i'm gonna cry i need to know what happens


  the legendary Wisborough Green Cub Scouts road trip of '79 - "what happens in Tucktonia, stays in Tucktonia"


 Cazorla lost his form and Podolski is not quite fit. And Flamini would have been a defensive sub..


 I have problem with installation pro version on my phone (JiaYu G3N JellyBean 4.1.2) from Play - free version working properly.


Picture of my total exhaustion after a two day marathon around Montreal to shoot this lovely catsuit from bRIGITTE...  Jawaban benar: not another high school show,  28/352740 poin


Interested in this job? Take a look: DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


In memory of Dick Powell who was born on November 14th, 1904 and died on January 2nd, 1963.


Duvida:  teremos mutiro hoje? Urgente. The Walking Dead  


2-In-1 iPotty with Activity Seat for  ,,, ipotty... is this a joke or what??  nowy film na playlicie w  Hardwell &amp; W&amp;W - Jumper (Original Mix)   thank you for doin vlogs!After I watch it I always feel positive&amp;happy(everytime I feel bad I rewatch them) Love/Lush you!


UNYP website update: Student organization AIESEC presented internship opportunities to our students: The AIESE...  where are the buses???  waiting for 1.5 hrs!


Absolutely necessary autumnal running and training gear. Have fun!  artwork for sale! - "Totem Of Empire" -    on  page, group Mundijal already known? - News - Bubblews  


Do you think that books matter? Consider donating to this worthy cause:  Books matter ship books to Ghanian schools.


Just started  3D ASIP  in Burlingsme, CA
special session  Silicon Photonics  Bryan Kearney - Stealth Bomber (Sam Jones &amp; Will Rees Remix) [Kearnage]   


SCG member  receives the OOPSLA Distinguished Reviewer award, with a little bit of help from his friends.   YES my nigga that "abstract &amp; the dragon" track is fire. i fw it heavy!" That's my shit too!


Let's play Homeworld - "Bridge of Sighs 1/2" (mission 14):  prostednictvm 


Foto: fuckyeahorde: dracoleoque: My thoughts exactly I laughed, couldnt help myself. XD      you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


Odeslal jsem 2 fotek na Facebook do alba my passion  Seems good enough. Try:

Cache-Control: private, Pragma: no-cache


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  [tmeuoprcs rae ,oepepl oo!t] (1982) Nancy Kulp, p:computer c:USA poin: 26


What are your TOP 5 movies?  children of heaven, the great gatsby, high school musical, sunny, hello ghost  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 DSJH


Winter is coming. Get ready your backyard hockey rink :-)  daming followers ah tapos hindi nakikipagtweet?? Tapon mo nlng twitter mo..


I dont know what to call this. But I mostly heard people called it 'Mata ikan' (?)


took me awhile to spot woo lol RT  We So Wild.  from &lt;2014 2PM SEASON'S GREETINGS 'SWEET &amp; WILD'&gt;  writing a little for  blog who champion new central and eastern european music. First piece &gt;  


Wow so lovely number "1889 Likes" I love it!!!!!
Thank you to all of you :))) Yours, Katerina  namanya apa ini makanan. Yg penting ini cemilan cepuluh malah ini. Hehehe [pic]   yixingbang: Dear children, please do not break the props. Ofc hyukjae is involved  an hour into work, and I'm already pissed off at my colleagues. The doesn't bode well for the rest of the day ... :/


New Job: OOP PHP Software Developer - 3+ years of experince  in Brno, Czech Republic  


 I wish you all the very best for your surgery and hope you can enjoy the rest of your stay in Taiwan after it! *fingers crossed*


 lang, mnh ad link bwt jurnal atherosclerosis teu?


But I never actually sleep... Mostly just listen to music


Don't take yourself too serious. It's just another normal day. So you better be nice to each other or I'll give you a killer smile! :D


What did i even draw in kins' letter apart from kuru posing


Question: What am I thinking of when I hear, "Regarding finances, Mars is in a beneficial angle to the Aquarius-Sun." ?


Steve Wynn and Ronald McDonald ... You got real imagination, man  many characters  is possible to put to field To: in Lotus Notes 8.5?  


6  Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


 Wrap up warm with our aprs ski style edit   usah susah susah nak teman acik ambil result la Uncle Roslan. Aduh. Haha.


Boeing delivered the first 747-8 with Performance-Improved GEnx-2B engines to Cathay Pacific Airways....  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.5C, Marc 20.88C ac foris 6.44C vre esse.


Fri, 29 Nov 2013, let us all send Akvil Parainskait the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (17)


Vianoce sa blia a kto m ratolesti tak this way :) Kano: A computer anyone can make - Kickstarter Video:  a lrwdo tthuwio tyip tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: a world without pity


"What do you want to play?" 
Me- "uhhhmm...wow look at that lamp...damn."


If you're going to take a selfie, don't do it while someone is trying to commit suicide in the background   His father is the pink haired Sim... but since they had sex in a time machine he was conceived during stone age...


 [teh hdnteriie] (2009) Khory Pilley, p:murder c:USA poin: 13


 Yeah, bitch! ;* Larry Is Better Than Elounor! :3 x10


 lol you didn't say anything to me until we got to walmart


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 64


Orange opens the first Bobbleshop in Paris  


   ve Varech to bylo poprv a naposledy :(


 Jawaban benar: the stupid cupid,  16/488 poin


 Four dead, 6 injured in plane crash in southwest Alaska  collected 16,025 gold coins!    


"   I'd rather be a independent artist" exactly


Moores Law, Part 1: Brief history of Moore's Law and current state -  ldaeedy nete ntsag tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: delayed teen angst


 bruh I haven't seen some in years. Good luck lol


Handmade Ice Pink framed glass and Dark Indigo  16k Matt Gold Plated Brass Framed Jade Earrings   


Forrester: Top Technology Trends For 2014 And Beyond  Olly, sounds like you need a secret Twitter account now, one that's not under your real name, so that you can vent ;)


 THANK YOU SO MUCH for that amaziiing night! It was my 1 concert ! And... seriously no words. MUCH LOVE FROM AUSTRIA follOw?


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


 too down bro to the D down were gonna loose control!!!(; oh dang I just said D to the down :(


I'm at Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station (Praha) w/ 28 others  'Car Display' toggle in iOS 7.1 suggests 'iOS in the Car' feature may be launched soon  Jawaban benar: one man's story,  15/367522 poin


Two main goals for 2014 are clear. Success at work and better health.


Dear  pls explain how huge blast of electromagnetic waves cld NOT pose danger to ppl w/   


" Distance means nothing when someone means everything."


 Good night, sleep well! (despite the noisy neighbors)


 Alkohol a cigarety za prci v ulicch! ...a deset eur vplaty.  


  her er'de bir hayr vardr..Trkiye uan iindeki irini boaltyor..Daha ok ey olacak ok kesin bu


The fact that there is now a tampon delivery service lets me know it's time to give up on humanity.


 that slow yay! :3 I'm looking for the flash drive I kind of lost as well so I had to do it already ;;


     i was shopping with mom for x-mas baking, pheeew so many things needed


 Jawaban benar: el tigre: the adventures of manny rivera,  40/326156 poin  1/21227 poin


if you need something send me a message but stop fucking poking me


Pivcos a tatarakos s drakou polovickou fanyna 
        I'll remember that moment forever. Not just for the quote, but for everything that was going all around and changed our lives...


I can't wait to see  on  tonight to see what he's wearing for his performance  -  noticed this sushi and Japanese restaurant on V Jame street in   Looks nice - anyone been?


 I read "It's inside that cunts" and was about to wtf you. Glad I read that twice.


 im sure they kicking themselves for not inventing that ;)


As a true supporter, I will not give up on my faith towards Moyes, just stand by him said Sir Alex


 Haha I've just seen it recently, brilliant really. Fresh Prince was great and Will is a legend!


'New York Times' Readies for Web Redesign on Jan. 8 With Native Ads  via 


I favorited a  video  Sublime Text 2 tutorial part 1: Hello


Aand then when I ask how much it cost "oh I don't remember" how tf you dont remember ?


 You have to fill in "Location" field properly. And you will get it :-) 


 Hi, just called the number on your website '99393331' &amp; got the message that it does not exist. had some questions...


 hej. Vsad se Witcher bude ta gameplay, co uz jsme videly asi 3x ;))


I have completed the quest 'Upgrade Ancient Ba...' in the  game The Tribez.   


I liked a  video from   [FACECAM] Let's Play: OUTLAST  [Horror/HD]


 I don't see that in the Settings Charm. Which context needs the Charm to be opened?


Govt taskforce studying possibility of turning all of Nepal into a "Free WiFi Zone" - report due in 30 days -     red             owners are smarter than Samsung, BlackBerry and HTC users  via  :D


I would like to apologize for my behavior a while back. I won't bother you anymore. My sincere apologies.  


 Glad to hear you did alright &lt;3 I knew you could do it!


Enjoy your New Years Eve tonight. See you in 2014!  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.75C, Marc 20.19C ac foris 2.94C vre esse.


Answer by Anonymous to How does the Chinese Q&amp;A website Zhihu () compare to Quora?  was he hot tho If he wasn't hot I am mad. If he's hot then U GO GURL


Artist Finds Beauty in Google Street View Glitches  week on twitter: No new followers2 new unfollowers via  como visto Friends (1994) - 1x17 - The One With Two Parts (2)  


TRENDS AND TACTICS FOR SUCCESS IN 2014

The big stories of 2013 were the explosion of social media use and...     Hmmmm. That doesn't sound too baaaaaaa-d at all.


I think it's very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not be defined by another person.


 [egtrta earht] (1954) Steve Calvert, p:robot c:USA poin: 12


The only thing I hated was ur lies, unreliability when it comes to money matters!!!


 [jailo ishis] (1997) Dennis Chan, p:homophobia c:Hong Kong poin: 11


Digital Footprints: The Journey from Business Intelligence to Analytics    


Chatter: ENGAGE - The 6 Steps to Success With Chatter 2:  via 


2000 (tef nolplu..) | periodo is 2800 16uma tempo 02:15ut  other news my visa expired and I'm here indefinitely uscstudyabroad  Praha | Prague  Cross~ The point of quotations is that one can use anothers words to be insulting.


My back is killing me... Again... I'm feelin old and I'm in my twenties. Aaaaaahhh!


 you get it now? You know I don't walk in the states Nurie!


Map explaining the agriculture in Central Europe. From food market to EU subsidies, product quality, prices, ALL HERE  King ipullrank \m/ making noise at  afterparty  Metro Music Bar  when I want to do something but then it gets ruined. -.-


On point interview with  breaking down 'loss and damage'  via   cc 


  you're face is the most adorable thing I've ever seen. Girl 


 tell me what you have first. :P I am sure we will find some things I don't have. :D


Marquei como visto Haven - 4x10 - The Trouble With Troubles  


 In a life too stingy with permissions, he learned so late to give his own   just earned the 'Das Boot (Level 8)' badge on   never had a white dude hit on me during a business meeting. Stare at my boobs yes, but hit on me? No


E000 (epof nolplu..) | periodo is E800 16uma tempo 20:15ut  is a brand new way to share and review videos. Join us  new 3D-printing marketplace features proven-to-print 3D designs  


Will the  Rep. change its  policy?   and Filip Chrska for   


New Georgia president  picks  to be new PM.  is so beautiful, but especially during the holidays. One of the most festive cities I've had the pleasure of visiting!


 Aww that's a sad story, maybe try out for the X factor?


 woi2..buncit tu slow2 skit.haha...da slim skit ni.pape pun tq sahabat! Stay Cool.


{prague} the most beautiful of cities.   Prask Orloj | Astronomical Clock  Monkey to test your  for failover -   - handy if your customer test like a monkey!


Beats.PM Mixtape is ready. Watch this space for download link later this week! 


   Thanks for the RT, Keith ;) hope to see u in  for the  markets? Merry xmas anyway!!


  If many sentences start with a present participle it gets tedious. Xxing, he did this. Yying, she did that. True! D.S.


I wanna see a HG Catching fire..but no one wants to go with me..they're say that is a stupid movie.. The're just fuckin' stupid.. Great film


Gunkov a Foo Fighters? Lahdka! RT  Gabriela Gunkov piluje The Pretender od Foo Fighters -  I was a black person, I would have been Childish Gambino. I really connect with the stuff he's about. Genuine guy.


  Thanks! Me too! Ronnie is awesome and deserves every single vote!


 Ok, then use promo code for adfree version: P4RAKJR44HET


Cement People Suspended from the Ceiling, Prague  via 


Internet connected HbbTVs report your TV viewing habits even when you aren't using HbbTV services -  (story in German)


 Jawaban benar: stockholm: pride of sweden,  26/330347 poin


Time Magazine's Man of the Year is Pope Francis. Alas, it's not the real Pope Francis: There are two Popes. On...  Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Really ite actually u won't be talkin to me later idgaf no more I ain't comin last again


 Happy Birthday Ian. Wish you the best for your future.


Hahaha like you tryna make me jealous for what ? I can give 2 fucks about these bum ass bitches you fuck with they not fucking with me !


after 10 hours of work on new original track and a few mashups I guess its time to take a break to tweet some random shit


Honestly? I don't want Goodness Gracious to being that mainstream as Burn or INYL...


 A dream guy to me would be someone with Zac Efron's body, Zayn Malik's hair and my husband's face. LOL.


Complexity is the most insidious enemy of execution. If the environment is complex, the tempation is to mirror complexity internally 


 same here!! wonder if they release any singles before


       v Obbbbbchod  I found the spirit of Madiba amongst the ordinary people in the queues.   No, China will likely dramatically+cheaply reduce its outdoor air pollution. But u don't want to lift 3bn out of poverty?


Marquei como visto Baby Daddy - 2x6 - Ben's Big Gaycare Adventure  


Yes indeed. This is bad.
RT  Geno Smith has a QBR of 4.3 since Week 8. The other 32 qualified QBs at least 20.


As you think...so you are!  Your present life/situation is exactly what you have  [trabroe eovdl] (2002) Mink Stole, p:hustler c:USA poin: 13


European Design - European Design Awards 2014  Cologne  do you know you became unusable for underground commute in Prague? This screen drives me nuts!   Top 3  Artists: Mad Caddies (19), The Dreadnoughts (11) &amp; A Wilhelm Scream (6)        podle toho jak vypadal Pavic to muselo bejt prisny


 starnews reported it! so most likely he'll be on the piano? :D


  Sadly, you're right. I've often wondered how to change that attitude but simply can't    Ah, but you're wrong there. In Nazi Germany, the police force was highly appreciated  Cyrus bambi2013        Do Instagram Advertisers Actually Get for Their Money?  this! a GIFT, dear lovelies. a screensaver. with depth + weird tender pink thingies.   nedle, posledn: Yuyushiki, Oregairu. 


Bohemian Burlesque - Kabaret Burlesk: Christmas Edition. It was really nice end of Dancember.  I, I gotta keep trying.. Gotta keep my head held high


Zdjcie: roseila: my minnie mouse socks! Please dont delete this or change the source x  nothing much.. just getting 2014 plans together


SmartThings Rolls Out A New iPhone App To Simplify Adding Your Home To The Internet Of Things  sure! On NBMA networks like frame relay when you don't have full mesh. Nbma mode makes pim think each neighborship as P2P


  Nico Semsrott:  Nico Semsrott - Freude ist nur ein Mangel an Informationcopyright: Romy Strasse...   wanted to go and watch Believe and take that nigga of a brother with me to see his true side :(  


i'm not motivated to do my ""workout"" lately it's showing


My Top 3  Artists: Fanfarlo (47), Ohrbooten (2) &amp; Purity Ring (2)   23:03:16 UTC+9, 
Location 38km SSW of Dresden_DE, 
ML2.0, TNT15.1kg, 
Depth 2.0km


Loved to see this other/funny side of her. Only knew her from 'Lady of the Camelias'. Same for  Great! 


 Congrats!  Let's celebrate! You and Bob deserve it. Big hugs from Prague:-)


  biggest city in my nearest area is 1,5 km ._.


Foals - 'Providence' (Live At Royal Alber Hall 2013) 
 enthusiasm may not overcome the obstacles appearing in yo... More for Gemini  you have already Advent wreath? the first candle will be lit this Sunday
mte ji adventn vnec ? prvn...  tells me not to love you but my heart says just forgive you  Fifth Harmony


Everything.. Loveyoumom:*"  Seberapa penting arti ibu buat lo ?"


 [rsep:esn a sageav palec] (1995) David Spooner, p:sequel c:USA poin: 23


Audiophiliac's picks for 2013, golden age of headphone design   
That's "clueless," "disgusting," and "creepy"


I been tryna make some shit right that I fucked up...


  new  report shows bank financing for coal companies increased 397% since Kyoto  Last day tomorrow uhh :( Back to Normal on Monday!!!!"


" The Zarrs - Blog  Maybe something for you,  and  ;) 


                            by  Karzai Says He'll Agree To Deal Once The U.S. Meets His Demands   


 Congratulations! Welcome to the MX family! I love MX brownies :)


Phone battery is about to die and laptop battery is dead. I only have one UK adapter. I'm going to just sit here and think about my life.


I've collected 32,396 gold coins!    


31 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


 niall, i love you so much, please follow me, you're my angel and makes me happy every day! 2


How Will New York City's Tech Industry Fare Under Mayor de Blasio?  what were we talking about btw! Cant remember a thing 


Wohooo the end Of school so lets go home finally 


They sure were - Hey Twitter and Facebook, once upon a time newspapers were 'social media'   


I liked a  video  Jolla phone with Sailfish OS hands-on


 sounds good:-) so it is going to be the biggest investment in Bitcoin company so far? W'll see if is true or just some 


Giganotosaurus (dino) has a new (or very old) cousin:  


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 Since it's christmas time, what about Santa Baby? :)


  I've heard stories, but I've never met anyone who actually put the carp in their bathtub.


79   Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


But.. CONGRATS TO MY NOLES! Honestly should have been playing bama but hey- we won &amp; thats all that matters :*


 [tna terilw:sng on usednrrre] (2008) Bobby Roode, p:wrestling c:USA poin: 27


But baby running after you is like chasing the clouds


The difficulties of life. Who'd want to be an Australian?  actually I will probably make one. The prototype looks promising :)


O Allah, make us fearful and conscious of You as if we see You; and grant us happiness through reverence of You (taqwa). Ameen


"I am in the right place, at the right time, doing the right thing." - Louise L. Hay


12:23 DL8DXL/P (fred) on DM/SX-085 (Collm, 312m, 1pt) 7.032.1 cw: Unsure of Ref, vri weak [G4SSH]


A1: we try to catch up but human behavior changes more slowly than technology 


Where are the developers we are looking for? by  on      


The more I think about the 50th, the more I like it. The episode was just brilliant!


New video from live rap session.        of MacRumors forums exposes password data for 860,000 users  Christmas and Happy holidays! I am sure this picture will be enjoyed especially by my (freezing)  the papercraft collectibles you collect in Tearaway, you can then print out and fold at home? This is the best thing.


 That's how Marcus Sandell - Homepage and his serviceman Ali are getting ready for Val d'Isre...  is important tho. I don't wanna miss a thing. oh dear. now I'll start singing Miranda-style. help me.


 06 soncdse of nesitcda tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: 60 seconds of distance


I have mad respect for guys that come back to play college football for another season when they could go to the NFL instead.


"My three year old daughter said she needed raisins... "  Top 3  Artists: Justin Timberlake (21), Tomek Makowiecki (5) &amp; Snowman (2)  vypustil GeForce GTX 780 Ti Kudan. Chladi m voliteln vodn modul  stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Winners of National Geographics 2013 Photo Contest   


 [kawret] (1994) David Hemblen, p:detective c:USA poin: 6


NEW ANALYSIS: More Than Seven Out Of Ten Smartphones In People's Hands Globally Are Android Devices   via 


 this year. Barricades, No central xmas tree etc. Granny'll be 92 in 3 days - at least smth good


Why Companies Are Terrible At Spotting Creative Ideas

 jak rikaj, je Love Actually season. RT  Meet the bros who love "Love Actually":  to all the ppl that were at the mall when that fight was about to breakout ahah! 


 2 Rougher, more political, more emotional, more enjoyable. More mature. I'm satisfied.


I've collected 18,911 gold coins!    


If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.


Here is the final result:  &amp; duct tape turned the original iPhone 5s dock into something actually useable.  23 Nov 2013, let us all send Vincent Cassel the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (47)


30 weekly followers. 12 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  when I talk to someone and they know exactly how I feel em


" I love when I wake up and the first message I got on my phone is yours. 


 Hi Amir can you send us more information ? spendee thanks. cc: 


New Faces at Inside 3D Printing Conference, San Jose  


 Gunaydin Hayirli Cumalar Cek Cumhuriyetinden selamlar Gece 3 te isten geliyorum bu saate kadar sizi izlemek icin yatmayip


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Bitches bound to get hurt cuz a lot of niggas b playin


yeay \m/RT  subhanallah " Senyuman Manis Alyssa Soebandono  via 


 
Ni Hao by DJ CHAMBER 
LIVE on  Prague, Czech Republic!
     


 My mom literally over reacts about everything and is so damn annoying. RFT


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Sleep well my wonderful Honey-Yang! Love you soooo much! Dream something nice! :**


Really hoping this is the last college football game I see Johnny Manziel play..


The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. - Confucius


  dpat ung alak nyo eh.. ung grape b un tas nsa champagne glass.. tas ang scene eh dun sa tuktok ng building &lt;3


Akorat v poradu Dobre Rano na CT v Brne ! Pak do Prahy natacet dalsi cast klipu .. Dneska long day .....  Jawaban benar: mr robinson's driving school,  28/347072 poin


 [woh i tog oint cgeoell] (1989) Nicolas Coster, p:college c:USA poin: 22


  but that's for big ponies only, are you a big pony?


 [wefnlo] (1981) Paul Skyhorse, p:wolf c:USA poin: 6


 Definitely. Two progressive figures who undeniably crave for glory.


 *LOL* You're right. It's great to install new software but it doesn't help if the users and their knowledge are not considered


 Sounds cool! Btw I logged in 30 mins ago and had all my stuff again. Spawned in Balota though, so I ran into a house.


netaudionews: Proyecto Lazarus &amp; Bleak Fiction - Parenthesis    


But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is         I mean your friend as me and not I am cute and...but of course I am :-p


" Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."


I liked a  video  Gary Cahill  Perfect Defensor  2012  HD


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 mck


Bond. Patrick Bond. Professor, researcher and activist talking on  and  Read and watch!  watching National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation (1989)  


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 dubinsky is the shit! love woman, both versions! talking about this bomb  !


Gotta be real discreet on here mayne this new image preview shit gonna get me jammed up


  the side by side comparison is great.  Things Mentally Strong People Dont Do  via 


 Crazy Pictures of an Underwater Museum In Mexico  so dope!


 check out what we're doing with football in the Czech Republic w/    


i've almost finished Ice again i'm at the olympics part i love it so muchhh


Gotta rematch the sami Zayn vs. Adrian Neville match from last night. Too good.


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


 [teh ikagnm fo mrr'sk'iramo] (2006) Tony Shearn, p:making-of c:UK poin: 26


Doctor Who 50. yl blm nasl gzel ya. salak gibi daha nce niye balamadysam diziye  


I hate cough,seriously the worst company to school, work or to public transport:'(


 I tried that but unfortunately didn't win! Maybe next Christmas if I'm still here. :)


 but how can we tell which one is which? They look pretty similar to me... 


When I found out you like someone else, it kills me inside. But the worst part is having to pretend like it doesn't matter.


Who said that Friday's mornings are always great? Fuck this day


 1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  JUWAN JENKINS &amp; MOJO ALL STAR BAND LP Blues keeps you alive 2012  J's juke joint


Copak jsme to vyrobili?       od trikopecky  loving this drive to Pickering every morning at 5:30.


Mon, 16 Dec 2013, let us all send Florencia Lozano the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (44)


 im gon listen to that but really love the energy you had and the creativity


         weekend reading: "Why the debate on Object-Oriented vs Functional Programming is all about composition"  Jawaban benar: alex,  4/319776 poin  1/543 poin


Rep Sen wants to eliminate minimum wage... answer is, eliminate Rep from Sen. Introduce fair wage min $15 per hour adjusting to inflation


 i have proud of say, i am your lovatic. You  are a inspiration to all world. I LOVE YOU &lt;3


"The sheets were light blue and very soft, and the room smelled like that nice, white powdery smell when she baked a cake." 


 Under Control by Calvin Harris on    i am so bored that it's physically hurting me please tell me something funny


 Way better than the basic version. Good options indeed. However, I dont like logging in with MS account password.


Happy New Year 2014! And should you need an (S)FTP client, WinSCP team will be here to help, also in 2014! Spread the word about 


Marit Bjoergen (NOR) and Alex Harvey (CAN) lead the Tour de Ski after two events. Racing continues today in Lenzerheide, SUI.


Lb se mi video   The HPV Vaccine, and Why Your Kids Should Get It: Healthcare Triage 


I liked a  video from   OVEN RADIO : EXO()(Teaser) [ENG/JPN SUB]


Found some really nice new tracks on Beatport last night! Can't wait to present them to you in my "End Of Year...  [eht mp7 jtcpreo] (2009) Stephen Mayne, p:chat c:Australia poin: 15


  very true. Thanks for sharing that, hope you are well!


Halatang vovo yun babae ah.. Spelling ng cottage nya.. Catage.. Shunga gaming..


Some white fire to get this new year started! Let's get it! 


 [intmarkao] (1985) Wenty Anggraini, p:Music c:Indonesia poin: 9


 Very good cover of  :) I love you Eva :) You are best :3  Die Every Day in the US because of Child Abuse. Donate a tweet to Raise Awareness at   


 i only know the german voice :D my mobile is on the way,i'll have it tomorrow i think :)


Introducing Dex! Just launched our Kickstarter campaign. Please, check it out, support us, share!  Baby don't insult me, I should feed you to the homies"


Today stats: 5 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via   will be bright as the sun so all of your fears just cast them on me how can i make you see


 Not at all but you gotta expect to play the best in the World Cup. We surprised in '06 so time to do it again!


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


 actually this is what retweeting does. The modern style RTin.


 it said that you had tweeted 666 tweets lol lik mine says 14.2k tweets lol


  Minsk: loshitskyi park. Red mill ruins and amphitheater (Minsk, Belrus)   


The night the chimera cries...oh gott, Fullmetal ist so eine kranke Scheie. Q_Q"


Like you still the best. Stage presence. ..... beautiful performance. ..... ur blessed 


Vintage Snowflake Necklace 60's Czech Aurora by prettyinprague  via 


If Rocky and a hamster would've had a son   Praha | Prague  Bored in my place. Join me. Let's have dinner.


Great start of the new year 2014 with   in  session "What's the future of business" 


"Wireless gesture control device monitors muscle activity to decode user input" -  [eht iref exnt teim] (1993) Craig T. Nelson c:USA poin: 18


The State of B2B Social Media Marketing [INFOGRAPHIC]  pes 


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


9  RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


 this reminds me:
- Do u want coffee with cognac or without?
- Without.
- Without cognac?
- Without coffee...


waking up is such a painful process, i'd rather sleep forever or not at all


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with black agate gemstone beads and owl charm   


I'm at Hotel U Sldka - Chodovar (Chodov Plan, Pilsen)  07.12.2013 From Russia with Love Mitte  Still caling Gambit Moscow 5 it suits better. Vulcun is even more oblivious than stupid XDG


I liked a  video  I Love You Honey Bunny - Go Little Go


Just landed in snow covered Prague to be picked up by the hotel's limo service  


Madden 25: Super Bowl - Patriots vs 49ers  Metlife Stadium  Dark Photos Of Disney Princesses That Don't Wind Up Happily Ever After            Here's a complete text (scroll down):  you ever in Czech Republic? ( live on   Please RT to vote for the best tvshow.

Castle   


G+:    
Actor +Paul Walkerdied earlier today in a tragic car crash. Our condolences go out to his  at home, thanks to lifeisporno &amp;     being in the friendzone is like somebody telling you to go long but when you do they don't even throw the ball.


Mukhang nangangamoy over time. 6pm ang out pero 6pm dating ni sir Jose Javier Reyes. -_-


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x99


       FOLLOW me and my friend   please! :)  8


So winter is definitely here! Are you looking forward to see Prague under snow? Prague is particularly charming...  crowd in Manchester for Froch vs. Groves.   favorited "Yair-etziony-houztekk-podcast" Cloudcast by  on Mixcloud  just put a HUGE smile on my face -- SKAFARI - the lion sleeps tonight(ska-punk cover):  via 


Handmade Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


Technobase - We Are One Vol.8

Out Soon: 13.12.2013

inkl.

Dual Playaz - All I Want (Scoon &amp; Delore Remix)...  love having no homework so i can get home and just sleep


 arent you get tired of seeing the same on your wrist, one thing that bothers me is that it start to annoy me one day )


The 2N Business Daily is out!  Stories via   


 ah so it's an anniversary.. that's nice :3 Happy anniversary then! And enjoy the concert in London I wish I could go T.T


 Thank you ever so much for the RT darling. Much appreciated xx D.S.


 Now that's breaking news. NOT! When has Zaha ever started in the last few matches?


One goes totes bonkers and kills his friends, the other lives in anxiety, the next is in constant anger, and Rihne, he's just a huge asshole


Beautiful Secessionist Period 1900 Circular Four by prettyinprague  via 


  Ha! That almost read as if the officers had discarded their clothing *grin*


I've collected 17,420 gold coins!    


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 pp


 tenvmia awr yosrt tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: vietnam war story


Handmade Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Odeslal jsem 4 fotek na Facebook do alba On the Bridge, oil on canvas, 50 x 35 cm, 2013  Jawaban benar: communication breakdown,  23/323580 poin


            Black Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Skulls Earring   


I liked a  video  John Lewis Christmas Advert 2013 - The Bear &amp; The Hare


Hello from  where the temperature is cold but our hearts are warm!


I escaped a clan of Trolls in A Journey Through Middle-earth, a Chrome Experiment. Can you?   you know you're welcome. Good you all liked it.
Hope you are better today ...


Privacy: Ron Paul Was Right - warned that (...) would lead to govt that monitors everyone and everything  They did that to avoid deflation. You probably interpreted facts wrong. :)


One thing I've learned is that you should never look back. The past is dead and buried. You get nothing from living there.


Podcast - Red For Color Blind - Red For Color Blind by Easterndaze on Mixcloud The podcast created by the...  some linkage between the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and others in MENA. I don't believe that."  Csicsmann


    If it had a better soundlin under it like base, so it could do reverb etc


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 69


Wtf. He post one weibo sure will delete one. BC MUST HAVE 12 POSTS ONLY. TWELVE.


  just woke up everyone in my house  very clever 


Dany Sativa feat. Nikola Toni - Sunshine People (Gerry Verano Remix) by Digital Room Records  lessons make me sleepy. Wanna draw, paint, play guitar and sing all my life :)


    oh great !!! and you thought you were not on the nice list ...


  u know:while chocolate is produced, it may contain pieces of insects for example.a lot of leads to teeth diseases


 Well... apart from the fact, that shops here are open today as well, because of Christmas (only 2 out of 4 though) :D


My Top 3  Artists: Britney Spears (63), Robbie Williams (24) &amp; Editors (13)  reached a new  Milestone: 1,000 Achievements Won -  collected 70,350 gold coins!    


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sj


 [urytomar] (1983) Pam Wren, p:rampage c:USA poin: 8


  Happy  the whole coming year to you both and good luck!


lonsky prumer praktickeho testu z  byl 17.65b/45b...  Snad to letos bude lepsi.


one person followed me // automatically checked by  first ot the Citans has had the new livery added. Pics to follow...


 Jawaban benar: dilwale dulhania le jayenge,  27/324330 poin


 [ehwn ew wree ginks] (1996) Thomas Hauser, p:zaire c:USA poin: 18


 exchange semester feedback. French experience at   think of all the ways you could get snuck up on..


NTK-Simple je tragedie. A eduroam studentum  v  taky nefunguje...  


i hope someday you will join us and the world will live as one" You may say I'm a dreamer,but I'm not the onlyone .. Lennon


 I try but it's hard with work and school and living in Augusta!! 


Keynude is a naked theme for Keynote by  You should really try it out   for the day have arrived. 3 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via  I hope not! This is too much! Not healthy at all 8^(


Oh my god my aunt and my cousin are singing that stupid fox song. Excuse me while I "accidentally" shoot myself in the head


 LG G2 is great phone with reasonable price. 


Have you heard Milky Chance - Stolen Dance /// FlicFlac Edit by FlicFlac on   [inki uak kaemlb] (1966) Rahadi Ismail, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 15


 Unfortunately Big Phil doesnt recognise all your hard work in the defensive link 


 Jawaban benar: final justice with erin brockovich,  34/357291 poin


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


Check out 'Tagesworkshop: Marketingsprache mit Dr. Thomas Hartung (TU Dresden)'  via 


 oh yeah I'm trying to start a new life .... R.I.P. all my memories!


Awesome ! RT  PHOTOS: These Romany gypsies are challenging the labels often thrown at them.               Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


I saw that Halston had her belly showing on Halloween...  Yes. That's not nice, lol.
Since she have a personal ...  238 K-stand row 20 seat 53 proud season ticket holder since 85/86  Climax bylo full. /////// Pretty packed at Climax yesterday.  people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by  slatact-i orf two tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cat-tails for two


-gets uncomfortably close-
-runs hand up your hips-
you wanna talk about art


  Ill be back soon... Just remember. 

Eat Chipotle... And the Islanders fucking suck. Lies AGREED.


 ani jedno bohuel... Podle Windows je to U.C.D. unidentifiable connected device :)) A to m vechny ovladae k dispozici


 [nuf ehsou] (1987) Regine Bardot, p:hardcore c:USA poin: 9


  stay a while and listen 2   - Hong Kong (Full Album):  via 


 the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x80


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


My Top 3  Artists: Nick Cave &amp; The Bad Seeds (21), In the Valley Below (20) &amp; White Lies (19)  2 in just a minute. It's a speed round so lowest time wins


 public transport in  is one of the best in the world!


 the non-profit organization I'm working in now.. so I can give the people my personal experience too :-)


  a study on which we participated with  as one of the many labs


   Wayne Gretzky 1,186.   Mario Lemieux 971.   Peter Stastny  759.   Mike Bossy  757.Jari Kurri with 730.


Until there are profits from wars to be made, there will be wars. Until there are profits from building armies, there will be wars.


Number crunching for the past day - 3 new unfollowers. Stats via  $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 Incorrect. The initial implementation to allow this is in, its not functioning just yet.


The girls screwing you are just as bad bc they have boyfriends or they know you have a girlfriend 


Something is seriously wrong with my dreams these days..


 It does not work yet on Mavericks. I'm working on it!


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 28 DEC, Song  ROBERT CRAY ALBERT COLLINS JOHNNY COPELAND  LP Showdown  1985 T-bone shuffle


5 people followed me // automatically checked by  headband.         si zasoutme s na Andy ! :) Tomorrow will be a competition with our Andy ! :)     If you hold  (option key) while changing the width of a column in Finder's column view, the new width is saved as default!


 is there any possibility that worldvision could help us students here in Germany to transport our "in-kind" donations to phils?


From Yurts To Kimchi, Protecting The World's 'Intangible' Cultures  via 


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 24 others  are overanalyzed and that makes me so angry [falls]


 it woooorked oooout  thanks again ;w; (i used maple syrup, i think the difference isn't noticeable XDD)


Watching Escape Plan with Stallone and Schwarzenegger tonight. I expect a nice popcorn-actioner. Nothing more, nothing less.


1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you  HEAVEN "The Devil's Bandit" officially released!: The Album from SPLIT HEAVEN "The Devil's Bandit" was o...  day streak with  . Best game Ive played in a long time :)  Very nice, Amy, it's just (hopefully) not FA Cup 2012-13 season the article is classified into.


        ncctivo 99 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: convict 99


 semua org wish. Nak wish jugak la. happy birthday!


  Heres a picture of Jeremy Clarkson when he was a little girl. (via   one  now starts. Mental Stability, without discipline I cannot achieve a thing (it rhymes = its truth)


When it is a dark, cold and rainy day and you listen to Echo from  when the day becomes a day full of cheer and fun! :)


 Always. Have a nice sunday.
Stana Katic  


It's hard work, hating Christmas: I've spent the past couple of decades building up a hard shell of anti-Chris...  17 AMO conference in Prague: Experts, policymakers, journalists, academics to discuss NATO-Russia relationship   okay kamsa. the creating acc is english or korean?


    *fluttersquee* x3 I am happy about that ^-^ I srsly thought it sucks because there are some errors


Despite Filibuster Limits, a Door Remains Open to Block Judge Nominees 


Looking forward for rehearsals today.., playing my jaguar and ultrasonic...


I liked a  video  SUZI QUATRO - If You Can't Give Me Love (with lyrics)


Having lunch/dinner at the embankment in London near the Xmas markets. I love this place   hmm post office have boxes and bubble wrap for shipping? or we must ownself do nice nice o.o


Neither George Osborne nor Ed Balls understands the deadly seriousness of our economic situation: One central ...  Probably too short. I've seen sound cards that don't like the TT sounds, mostly IDT chips in Toshiba laptops.


Okay, so I'm giving Windows another chance by trying out  I am completely lost and I feel scared. How the hell do I exit an app?


First-ever 3D printed electronics set to launch into Space today  


lol  me thinking i could have kebab two days in a row without my stomach exploding 


4 days left to vote Nowhere into the top 100 - 2013 Indie of the Year Awards   (thanks for your support &lt;3)


 thank you so much. I hope I'll be able to finish it at the beginning of January :)


Identifying Popping Keywords for Twitter  via 


So sick of love song..........so tired of tears  neyo


great movie teaser site: X-Men Days of Future Past:  Top 3  Artists: EPROM (14), DJ Rashad (14) &amp; Misty Conditions (9)  You treat me like a " Games ". Okay. Let me show you How to Play ."


52  The team deserves the PCA! Vote for

Castle  


Just a tree.          on sale tomorrow Dec 13 10 AM
Symphonic Legends London   [jnhyno caaottcs] (1959) Jason Wingreen, p:jazz c:USA poin: 15


not sure if I ever had an ice-cream in December, while outside. also took a few pics on the phone so I'll probably Instagram them later


Hoy monday pakibilisan mo nga ang tagal mo naman dumating..


wow Mario Battali just ordered 200 pairs of orange crocs because they discontinue the color...headline speaks for itself


 Jawaban benar: the buffalo creek flood: an act of man,  38/341799 poin


I've harvested 175 of food!    


Someone go to my house and do dishes for me. Pwease? 


AAF Reinforcements Pack! Three new vehicles have been added in today's (automatic) update for   Python - Always Look on the Bright Side of Life  Don of 6,000-strong hacker group sentenced to 18 yr by US court
 only god can judge us.. Forget the haters , there will be somebody who love us


It's fantastic to watch  on the ice, he really is giving our boys hard time. What a game so far!    


Forevel - "It's No Good" (Depeche Mode Cover):  via  - Epic Cover :-)


Foremost, I have come to think that romantic love is a drive, a basic mating drive.
And I think that this is...  Also write for  but not my agency. Also for Kiss from the World.


 how is the writing going! I hope it doesn't take over your thanksgiving! I do hope it's a good holiday for you :) D.S.


Wow
at cooking I made a gingerbread house today.
But mine is more a witche house.
Hahaha
Okay, tomorrow photo.


Last two days of our Christmas promo of Extra 20% credit on all your Top Ups - Easiest way to Top Up your...  your evening with partner on the Vltava waves. Book your romantic in time! 
  Robbie - warum hast du die Special Edition limitiert? 


 The Queen Of England Has Visited Over 130 CountriesBUT HAS NEVER COME TO ISRAEL  want to play WoW. Someone gief subscription plserino


 we don't even look at each other.. but there's a ridiculous amount of us bumping into each (cont)  highwaisted skinny jeans 12L   ! 


 Oh - you mean it might attract the wrong crowd? *LOL* Didn't even think of that. I'm just anal when it comes to planning leave


Naughty or nice? Youve gotta watch this video for Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree!  tak dneska ta Sedmicka, co? Dame to, ne? My do ty doby obzivnem...


Google Launches Interactive Winter Wonderlabs Across the U.S.  Lightys are actually shit at everything. All they can do is look nice"LOOOOOOOOOOOOL!


Mindup free, collaborative mindmapping |   


Still got money left . Myshea took my 20 &amp; I gave derrick bitch ass 10 , I want my money back! Im sitting on 25 I'm broke .


Didn't expect an online check-in experience to be so terrible in 2013... Slow, empty pages being served, vague error messages, ... :-/ 


 lol i love it. height differences are fun esp if my little baby keeps making it worse xDDD


 haha
I just guess
But, woooo I know who Molly is !
wooo


Monday: Woke up, pizza for breakfast, 40bottles of beer! Life's good! Hopefully poker tables are soft tonight! 

-MJ


Earrings with Swarovski elements and framed glass, Czech Handmade jewelry   


 hahah I agree, I'm half scared and excited what's gonna happen :D


Cuddled up in a  jumper and waiting for the snow :)  not ready to watch one direction performing Through The Dark...i just...can't i don't want them to rip my spine from my body


With that I call the end of a long week.Cross the fingers with my team and me it stays like that way over the weekend  are AFC fans so overreacting? Little bit unlucky, but good point for me!


   me and  are in love with anything you cover, thanks for existing&lt;3


Edoardo Ferretti -  birthday, Edo, our  1st AD!


"The greatest mustache in the world in 1977, 157 cm long   Pnov, kdo to d? :-) / cc  


Water causes a fresh problem for space station's spacewalkers -   


I've harvested 689 of food!    


"It snowed 2 inches today, and I am the only person in the office. This is now the underside of my c   Girl what do you look like :D, I'm sure gorgeous :*." I do not like Halston.


Ultimo episdio do ano. NAAAAAAO :(
 The Walking Dead  


I'm hiring for a Media Planner. Know someone great? in Prague, Czech Republic  


I'm finally part of what they call the civilized youth.


 You said, that depends where you live. I asked, why where you live and not your luck :-p If you use "luck" in same way as we


  Neni vubec zac - (multi device) live reload, auto compile, compress a v neposledni rade "line numbers" jsou top fce =)


Podoba mi si film Athletic Bilbao vs Barcelona 0-1 All Goals &amp; Highlights HD 01/12/2013 w    completed: Corpse Party: Tortured Souls - Bougyakusareta Tamashii no Jukyou (  ) 


just finished a Runtastic strength training in 1h 00m with  PRO iPhone app:  RT: Back  project on Kickstarter and get your made-to-order denim jeans:  I don't have a favorite album because it is impossible to choose among all I LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3   69


  I think he's evolving into a dolphin. Look at his hands xD


Followers - 14, Unfollower - 1. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via  Can't wait for our December party event :))  


Pwede bang i-wrecking ball nalang natin tono ng No Te Vayas De Zamboanga? XD 


 Sleep well, Honey! Wonderful dreams! Love you soooo much too! :*****


About to get a wand at Harry Potter World.  is super excited.


Firefox OS follows another way compared to Apple's touch icon:  Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


Jedna cool fotka ze vcerejsiho Silvestru v Roxy. Laser bryle!!! ///////// A cool photo from yesterday's New Year...       Happy New Years 2014 ! Time past but my heart never change. &lt;3


  Taraf'da yaynlanan haberin doruluundan phe ederim...


Jezisku prosim!   Yoni Alter's cleverly intuitive proposal to prevent people obstructing escalators.  best workouts for me are: antigravity yoga (and acro style), circuit training and cross training.   


 I think he won't answer this...my friend also asked "him" something and he doesn't reply when it's not convenient :P


Handmade square  Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


Handmade square  Glass beads earrings.   


THE UNBELIEVERS (2013) - Official Movie Trailer (Richard Dawkins &amp; Lawrence Krauss)  via 


11:14 OK/OE5HFM/P (Hermann) on OK/JC-021 (Jelensk hora, 1068m, 10pt) 7.123 ssb: tnx QSO in QRP, 5/9 [YO2MSB]


probably the last ride for this season     Jawaban benar: the hunchback of notre dame,  27/318495 poin


Oddly enough in a year of strong Nintendo releases, my second pick would have to be Tearaway. Maybe I'll change my mind when I play ALBW?


OECD has chosen  to semantically Structure its Knowledge 


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 182


 And there are unconfirmed rumors it's still high, Gary Hartstein said.


Now watch some Kings kid show teachers what I tweet then I'm in kak. I'm not dissing Kings.. I'm just saying (y)


a trip to the salon when I'm home is seriously necessary.


Ewwww! RT  What the viral video of a dolphin pleasuring itself tells us about YouTube - and ourselves  and  fox the above sentence please, if it's broken. /cc 


 [gnwonik] (2009) Blair Venn, p:school c:Australia poin: 7


          guannaa: October, 9th 1940 - December, 8th 1980.  just ran 9,05 km  a 5'03"/km pace with Nike+.  


 dude, i posted that on Facebook already la HAHAHAHAHAHAH. But I deleted it cuz it's really foolish :/


I think this is my all time fav pic of Adam...but hate my scanner for awful quality...  *anything* is possible after 5l. I believe including bug-free code. Never happened, though.


K.U.L.T.OBJEKT        [eth rstreobh wearrn] (2008) George Segal, p:dispute c:USA poin: 19


NgesiZulu kuthiwa nidudana ngamasimba  Ngathi usho mina, expired in July, My car doesn't have a licence disc


I think this is like the    in the world   Sephora  passed your Exams.. well done. now do your Shit and leave us the fuck alone :)


ahh  is on Number 3 in  !! I'm so happy for u  !! &lt;3 pls follow me? bought 3 copies!


oh noooze... dropbox sync for Unity Projects is not recommended. NOT AT ALL 


       Candy Crush Saga.  is a psychological condition that causes a person to be obsessed with food &amp; or the excessive desire to eat.me


Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness.


 well I'll be struggling with it the whole day so you're still happier than me :)))


Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to apart


Song of the Week III - Erased Lullaby - Free Download  collected 2,225 gold coins!    


"Only take a step back in preparation to leap forward" - me


I liked a  video  Speaking Russian With Strangers


 [so?prciyanc] (2004) Rebecca Michelle David, p:desert c:USA poin: 11


Since I probably won't be able to experience mill again until Anthony comes back so that he and Steph and Aaron and I double date. lol


For rent 3 badroom apartment 700dollar 6month in advance in broumana/jouret al balout call 71110804


Everyone who loves TF2 and Ponies will probably love the series then too :P


The History and Future of Everything -- Time:  via 


 Merry Christmas kakak damai tuhan menyertaimu kak miss you kak:* jessus bless you kak


 Thanks Mara. Have a nice day. 
Castle/Beckett  


    it looks like a woman with a bag over which is drawn..???


There's no place like home, there's no place like home (that's clicking my shoes together) 


Da yung homie Ray Ray IFilm will be in da VIP LOUNGE Friday Night making a Movie!!!!       Season is not over yet and customized gear keeps you even more motivated. How do you like Geoff...  a message from The Action man: I'm happy, hope you're happy too.


Hahaha... Can you imagine this... When you shocked (w/ Dion, Mad asry, &amp; 7 others at Industriezeile) [vid]    and what about the people behind the ocean?? :)


Today stats: 3 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via  yeah, not much happening with Kagawa down the left either.


I just entered the   giveaway with  and    and-you-can-never-hurt-me-again: Conchetunare. Un minuto de silencio por esta publicacin :c  to refuel the  team! Join us on Praca do Comercio till 7pm every day till 9 Dec  I said how much do I hate Christmas, yet? HATE THEM.


Oh. Turns out the key does work, just not in the setup. They want you to use the store. Only too bad that crashes for me.


Lets hope that 8 puppies will change my mood in about 9 hours ... Can I get an "Aaawwwwww"? (not for me, but for mentioning 8 cute pups)


 via  - "You hate your pulse because it thinks you're still alive and everything's wrong"


 Sry to spam you but i just read that maybe your "Help Engine" needs to be updated.?!


The Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via 


Thu, 14 Nov 2013, let us all send Mavie Hrbiger the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


 Worse than ludicrous, I'm afraid. If they want to remember history, here's the place to start:  Glad to see you like our post. Since we've just launched our app we'd really appreciate if you could retweet us. Thanks a lot!


Gotta love cruising on some back roads jamming country music with your brother


thank you, all time low, for making the last day of school bearable


I added a video to a  playlist  Steam Autumn Sale November 28th: Flash Sales 


Photo: sullenmoons: "Woman With A Head Of Roses - Salvador Dali(1935)  Pamusha pavo havo hatirambe......but vakatombofemeswa chete ne  ,the ref was a blessing in disguise in favour of 


 Yes, poor countries suffer the most from AGW. But shouldn't the solution be to make them less poor and not hinder their growth?


2  Our favourite couple C A S K E T T. Pls RT.

Castle/Beckett  


19   Vote for our dreamteam.

Castle/Beckett    


Quantum Entanglement May Link Wormholes In Universe, Physicists Say  via 


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           696


Red String Installation by Ruth for the Object Conference.     fav sweater rn.         Things SEO Writers Could Learn From PR | Chris Butterworth  As in "TGIT" (Thank God It's Thursday)...? Truly a Prague tradition, I think. Bar night, for sure... :-)


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  NEW SET from visual Nature's Traum - SET's 

listen, please.... :) 

I know, i have one or two little...  Africa will not be free until Palestine is free. NELSON MANDELA.


 [rnfoueet] (2005) Caitlin Skurky, p:teen c:USA poin: 8


 That wouldn't help me get up in time. Good luck.


Te busqu por Fb, Twitter, Instagram, Line, Whatsapp, Bbm, Snapchat, Waze u por todos los medios para decirte: "VETE  PARA LA MIERDA" :)


Apparently the reason Prewitt didn't play much against Troy is bc he skipped a class last week. Reason  why I'm glad Freeze is our guy.


 and Greek political system can destroy Greece in a heart beat!


The greatest regex cheat sheet on the web so far...  10 commandments for NOT celebrating against your former club  via 


 About the book: I've still to whip the first 3 chapters into shape to send my publisher in a proposal. ETA: May 2014 maybe?


12 Days of Open Data to Get You Through the New Year

 


"3 Radical Proposals For Reforming Canada's Wireless Industry" -  at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 25 others  at RadaGs House -  (Koany, Czech Republic)   quero ouvir Better Together do Fifth Harmony. Obrigada!   Fifth Harmony


GOLAZOOOOOOOOOO DE ALEEEEEEXIS SANCHEEEEEZ GOLAAAAAAAAAAAAZO DEL BARAAAAAAAAAAA GOLAZOOOO DEL NIO MARAVILLA Y HAT - TRICK DEL CHILENO!


du you?         pustit do remixu pro DJ Steen. Nekde se zacit musi. ///////// Time to get to work on a remix for DJ Steen....  Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


Help us unlock this insane Christmas giveaway and get it yourself!  is looking for 10.000 good kids.  you to my family and friends for many presents! Love you:)


in 2014 hope I'll stop adding ' The' to every band name...


 News out now!  Todays top stories via 


i can't tweet at school since my phone has broken up so it's bad


 haha, we even got a techno version produced at  - guess we will play it in the next episode ;-)


In a view hours I'll post a small comic stripe. I'm trying to warn Loki so that he doesn't fight against Heimdall.


I don't know what's going on with my tastebuds lately but I keep thinking that foods have gone off even though...  is Nichkhun? No visual and they keep playing the playlist..


  yeah, and we could see ultraviolet light.


Top 10 Tech This Week: Smart Rings and Bluetooth Gramophones  is no better way to start the new year!           amazing thank you but you are amazing to me 


 Made my day. Nothing else needs to happen today.


Is ma immer nu so egal wie waun in china a radl umfliagt


Youngest player on squad for  Justin Faulk at 21. Dman with big shot has played well at last 2 Worlds..  refreshed my FA/SF Profile Page. Bit of updates and stuff, nothing special, but had to be done ^^


Boscolo lobby decor  Boscolo Prague, Autograph Collection  [euratrce ctofsomr] (1989) Julie Sedgewick, p:zoo c:UK poin: 17


I favorited a  video  Three Best Tragic Stories of Kagamine Twins Animated PV


G+:    
"  s and   : Everything you ever need to know" is a blog entry describing  Acquires Aviate to Personalize Mobile Experience  Happy Birthday  Have a smashing day :) :D" Thank you :) x


 i'm always too late ... :) hope you're alright, love ya xx :) ..................would you still follow me? &lt;3


Ehehe grandma just watche The Stolen Earth and is crying like crazy. Should I tell her it's still not the worst ending...?


Za vjezd do box se umim mi udlil twitter penalizaci 33 unfollow!


Was feeling a little feverish earlier.. I think it just got worse  


 PlayStation  - PSP Go! Konsole, Pearl White  s Twilightem to nema nic spolecnyho a je to proste moc dobra kniha.


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


Today is the day Ive actually used a QR code for an actual purpose. 

Didnt work.


Today stats: 11 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 48 people via  have completed the quest 'Build 3 Flowerbeds.' in the  game The Tribez.   


   for   engineers         :)


 i dont have my phone wit me now. I txt u tomorrow ?


 [icveos fo eht ro:ftes uslwiaes] (2010) Craig Knowles, p:Documentary c:Indonesia poin: 30


Ever thought of going skiing in Africa? Its possible in the little kingdom of Lesotho for example.....  my favorite bass player!!! how've you been? can't wait to hopefully see you &amp; the guys back in Europe soon :) follow me? x


 Jawaban benar: camp beaver lake: the movie,  27/354580 poin


Castle/Beckett 
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 164


 I never created a 3D model in my life yet so I can't tell


Video: Symbolic wedding in Chateau Challain Max&amp;Daria from Mongooses.TV studio on Vimeo.Max and Daria and...  a lot of things Ive always dreamed of doing, and I hope I get to them before I get too deaf." Kevin Shields


It's hard to don't  somebody, who is turning your life over and over again -.-
Even though you try so heard :/


"When your own employees dont use or support your product, the problem is with the product, not the employees." by john gruber


"  I'm pretty sure this would fit me perfectly  tehehehe   


That dream was 100% the weirdest thing I've ever experienced..


watching The Killers on Kimmel from last night. great performance. BFlow in fine voice. and as usual adorable while performing.


It's frustrating when everything seems more interesting than the text I really, really need to finish now.


Super Mario Bros. Cool Glitches and Tricks!:  via 


(I was not a fan sooner not coz of his assnes in the media but bc. I didn't like his voice, btw. got used to it after 5 years, became fan)


  such as DiskAid, iFunBox, iExplorer.. however I can ssh to my iPhone


I just helped  give 10 million miles to charity by voting for  Cast your vote today   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           747


Cup Song -- arr. Stzka olcov - Canticorum Pilsen:  prostednictvm 


one person followed me // automatically checked by  OK1MLP/P (Karel) on OK/ST-043 (Pikrice, 531m, 2pt) 10.118 cw: *CQ CQ at 25 wpm. S/N=15 dB at DL1EMY {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


Only a few hours left to the weekend...:-) Doesn't it make you feel... Happy? :-D...  I feel more and more like an imaginary character, the older I get the more I think I might disappear altogether.  One day I will


In memory of Vasilis Avlonitis who was born on January 1st, 1904 and died on March 10th, 1970.


 Just Announced: Villach, Austria - Jan 25 at V-Club  Niki Hosp (AUT) takes the first podium place of the season for Fischer Alpine.
  Jawaban benar: secret sins of the father,  25/341342 poin


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency.


Photo Tiger on a hunt by Martin Gallie (      


Finally everyone is done with school today, I'm not gonna be alone anymoreeee


  [ardtcke yb eth icpleo] (1927) Ben Walker, p:bid c:USA poin: 21


I would like to hear "Neon Lights new single by Demi Lovato 


  I discovered a cheater today, hes immortal and sending me lots of money his name is  HaloMeister1


Very cool -  and  are giving away two tablets!  sounds great. I am relaxing too. Watching tennis- Czechs are playing Davis cup  final against Serbia so cheering them on :-)


24  CASKETT. Pls RT to vote for

Castle/Beckett  


beautiful!!   Nov Msto na Morav  "do what you can, with what you have, where you are"- No matter what i see you march 4th 


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 95


Smile. It kills the people who want to see you cry.


 ohh no worries, its not going anywhere :-))))) but i cant wait for u to read it :-)


That moment when you eat a 200g chocolate bar like a twix. I'm gonna be so fat.


I'm in the sharing mood. This did make me laugh.  from our last White wedding of 2013 which takes place at a wonderful location Chateau Mcely. It nearly...  Top Agent Interviews - Interview Of The...           to you.


This Quran is so beautiful that no matter what difficulties you face youll find solace in it. Make Dua.Especially the dua4removing anxiety


My friend went twice to another town from Moscow to get me presents from my teacher and other friends,and shes coming third time this year


 [het lirecssen] (1966) David Bond, p:matt-helm c:USA poin: 13


 or "Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High?" cause  "Man I'm so high I think I love you"


I'm at PLUS Prague Hostel -  (Praha 7, Prague) w/ 2 others  and trauma live is my favourite thing the INTRO


 Please, Follow me? :O :33 It's my great wish, please.. :'/ I love u so much :) x


Fuck SFM anyway... I'm not a good animator and I'll never be...


Be honest with me about who you are and about who you plan to be so that I can adjust my expectations accordingly


Keep the snow up I'm loving this and all I want is a white Christmas  School is basically a place where all the people l hate and literally want to stab are all under the same roof.


 : I'm currently writing a little report about UVERworld. Where can I find some information about the members of UVERworld?


I like this song   But I cannot watch Dom without BellamyWolstenholme, I don't know why it makes sad :(


Track and video out now!  - Hectic ( EP)     


Wenn es mal schnell gehen soll: BootstrapCDN:  hosted by    via 


"This is the fast lane, folks...and some of us like it here." - Hunter S. Thompson


Fan creates a 3D-printable version of classic computer game Archon  


Glock Releases A New Pro-Gun Advertisement  via 


Half an hour usage, half an hour rebooting, un-installing, rebooting hhmmm somethings not right there.


 you're so pretty so soso s o so pretty it hurts


Today's  was too much for me. Emotionally, am exhausted. I need a nap. Damn Shonda!


Have you heard Overlook - Narrows [Cylon Recordings] by Overlook. on   you may grow irritated with the intensity of your own... More for Gemini  sorry for my RT spam I just can't let my timeline miss such beauty! ;)


Hey Jude, don't make it bad, take a sad song and make it better


To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.


Don't waste your 20s just to be a slave in your 40s. Slave in your 20s so you can enjoy the rest of your life. 


This Dreamfall Chapters footage. It's really happening.


 La-Di Da-Di XD Well we're kind of rock/metal family I guess. I don't really like it anymore though? XD


Nama yang bermula dari huruf A , E , F , H , I , K , M , N , S ialah seorang yang tabah di dalam percintaan even hatinya selalu disakiti


Arsenal told it will cost them 22million to get Cabaye out of Toon  via 


 life is life's great distraction. I'm just happy to hear from you! I do hope you're well and you have much to tell? D.S.


Love you &lt;3            is a Story. How do you want yours to be told?


 yeah:  is mostly pirated in china - lets go there! my chinese is getting better every day anyway ;)


 [binagrke eref] (1995) John R. Turner c:USA poin: 13


 shld be bah. The wallet also this seller leh but you want before Thurs hor


I wish to go to this concert for 10 yrs so badly and I don't even get a chance to buy a ticket bcs of those stupid salers 


Have you heard? It's in the stars,          next July we collide with Mars


Mum is back home haha    one of my five idols was born at Christmas.It' s so cute! 


 Jawaban benar: badut-badut kota,  16/319792 poin


U can call me green bean and baby I rule i rule I rule i rule


Fresher opposite me discussing how he doesn't go to any lectures which happen before noon, you don't even deserve your seat in the lib.


Amazing rehearsal with our kids  ensemble! Feeling the    


I liked a  video from   Book Haul | Outubro e Novembro!


  well that happens. hopefully some videos later. we have to have faith :-) were pretty spoiled :-) but ...


I must have pissed Karma off because having the stomach flu finals week is the worst!  


I hope a parent cusses out Frazier. He deserves it.


In memory of Howard Caine who was born on January 2nd, 1926 and died on December 28th, 1993.


Shenanigans, skateboarding does not need a trophy 


Technology has advanced so far but theres still no good way to find people that you'd like. Kind of sad that we dont strive for BEST friends


Hot apple cider. Yummy. Just a sip.  Vnon trhy | Christmas market  do u ever just sit there with your legs open and then remember you are a girl." A lot of times.


Fischer NORDIC - RACE CODE: Finland and Norway win cross-country team sprint in Asiago  Just Announced: Prague, Czech Republic - Dec 24 at crossclub  glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "Prague.TV Networking Party  Vodka Bar Propaganda"  Multiple-Exposure Photos Blend Humans and Nature  harvested 1,148 of food!    


 sure we can make the reservation for 24! What time?


 It's true that I'm faaar away from my own imagination of a 30-year-old "serious" woman when I was a teen.


memoQuickie: keyboard shortcuts for migrants (updated)  by  


  in coop. with  and  served dinner for seniors who are living often in oblivion.   I have held a Xperia Z Ultra this weekend and it is just absolutely ridiculous :D


Afghan Art Project Could Be Casualty of US Pullout
 you help me with reaching some new followers please? :) Id be really greatful if you could retweet this :))


 oh okay :-) maybe Shane will come to Spain soon :-) no chance of him coming to our small country, so I have to come to see him


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


04. Ferry Corsten feat. Jenny Wahlstrom - Many Ways (Will Atkinson Midnight Remix)  


 For you as well! Just wanted you not to run out of stuff to play with over the holidays ;)


Lb se mi video   The Gaslight Anthem - Old White Lincoln (Live On Letterman)


Wagner book launch in the Coselpalais (beside the Frauenkirche) tomorrow evening. Singing the Wesendonck Lieder. 


"  wateva that's suppose to mean lol" see, ya not hip dee


  thank you palaka!!! Belated merry christmas rin to you and your bebi!! ++ belated happy 24!!  


Handmade  pink shamballa bracelet  with Pink agate Gemstone   


 anything for my dearest twinny!! Hope my plan goes right and you'll get the surprise  :-)


 my favorite NEO moment is when i saw my idol and my fav brand work together  :3  GIRL XL.


 [ragsnlipw mfor argce] (2008) John Read, p:iraq c:USA poin: 20


 I'm glad that where I live the bus goes from end station to end station otherwise I'd be screwed up and would never learn where


"If you can't see it, you lose. I'm the muthafuckin prize."


Heavy explosion in downtown  kills former govt minister  
 
Video


"Ghibli/Pixar/Disney Undersea Mural I painted for my daughter's 2nd birthday":  via 


IP protocol transferred  to UMTS and LTE now it is going to change ZigBee and Bluetooth    


Czech jewelry earrings whith Swarovski beads   


Whatever you do, don't play Tearaway over the Vitas speakers. This soundtrack...


Night watching excessive amounts of  I'm guaranteed to be twice as scathing and full of hate towards everything tomorrow.


The Simplest Way to Secure Your Webcam Without Any Software  awkward first,  busy trade in toothed  &amp;  comes to    


My sense of humor just flies right over everyone's head


Been using Boomerang  to schedule messages in Gmail or make emails go away until I'm ready. Highly recommended.


Tue, 10 Dec 2013, let us all send Xavier Samuel the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (30)


 I was gonna help you thru the struggle but you can suffer now


Integrcia  command line klienta  do  -  amo ! &lt;3 Podemos in polish &lt;3    :* ( live on  an $800 Mac Mini for FREE from MacTrast  the perfect addition to any home or office!  


Crap, just ran into a problem with MySQL not being able to store emoji character from remote atom feed. MySQL UTF8 isn't really UTF8 


I'm at RadaGs House -  (Koany, Czech Republic)  had a dream about a girl i know not thinking about me


Wooooowwww!!! RT   Yeeun composed a song for Sunmi and 15&amp; for their upcoming comeback!


Today stats: 6 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 7 people via  new favorite: COCS025 : Mondkrater - Neutronen (Original Mix) by cocainerecords  on 


You are quite serious today and may have a perfect opportunity... More for Gemini    buy small support on gox is a little bit worrying, but I guess Huobi and the Chinese are more important.


 Enterprise File Sharing und B2B Collaboration Made in Europe   


Never-ending saga with an anti-climax? FAR chairman Pelta admits that negotiations to get Vrba to coach the national team don't go his way.


 rewatching TEH ... Well done you. Mycroft is my son's favorite after  and  of course.


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


Divize HP PPS (Personal and Printing Systems) ohlsila nov produkty na   1, Star poledne  Sat. 21 DEC, Song  ORACLE  LP  same 1967  Don't say no


A new favorite: Gedankenspiel by Denny Go!  on 


 Im in love with your twitcon  Aceh ayat dia hahaha


I've earned a new achievement: `Chief`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


 Its a bug in OSX Sandbox, we are working on a fix


Mixed emotions may be the energy of the day for you. Because of this,...More  LOVE Scope here  unfortunately I'm not from vienna myself, so I'm not the best guide


Discussion time: "the Czech Republic should try to become a bridge to Europe for China, enabling for the pursuit of economic relations" 


 withdraw cash what else is he going to do with it shove It up his dogs arse kmt


 Hi! Yes, I did. I dialled again now 00357 99393331; it says the number you have dialled cannot be reached at this time. :(


I have completed the quest 'Chop down 4 Trees.' in the  game The Tribez.   


With 2013 being on its last lap, we can start paving the way for 2014. For now, enjoy the  sparkle, the m...  stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via   it's just an amazing album with amazing songs!   q


Byebye Europe. See you soon.   Prask hrad | Prague Castle  have completed the quest 'Find items.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Check out "Luis Suarez Goals Season 2013/14" on Vimeo  


Handmade Ice Pink and Carnelian  Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


In social media, a crisis doesn't go away. What does your team do when your brand is under attack by 


Going to go radio silent after  starts on  so I can avoid spoilers. 
   "I was selling turnips out a flatbed truck. Crunching on a pork rind when she pulled up."


 Recebim cemaatin parasini kestin, okyanus otesini gectim avrupada bile ciyakliyor abiler ablalar. neetin sen?


  Happy new year 2014 for you and your family. good luck and success for your next projects:) greeting from germany Fan:)


The Kaffee Freunde Daily is out!  Stories via   


Love my Nexus 5 :-) and this after many years with my iPhones 3, 4 and 5    


 Pau na sexy congrats!! Pero wait pano pruts op wisdam natin 


  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH you look wonderful! I love your hair, it suits you^^


 so your tv always shows the phone (or maybe tablet) layout? i think it needs more than that. navigation, scrolling, etc.


 Seems like you're touring the whole planet but not my country.


Alongside the launch of the E-Shop, OpenCall launched its new OpenCall Africa at the beginning of November,...  to photographers (not necessarily endorsed by Adobe) on Charles Bridge  Karlv most | Charles  might try to shake yourself loose from the extra responsib... More for Capricorn  y'all realize how much history is repeating itself right now?


Roger Federer's Miracle Shot: Genius or Just Dumb Luck?  Day Folks! Have a splendid weekend and check out this nice funky cover of an "old club classic" done by a...  people deserve a highfive. In the face. With a chair."


 [eht linets algelvi] (1943), p:wales c:UK poin: 18


A new favorite: Oliver Huntemann -  Magnet (Paranoia) by   on 


 I had mine at the airport yesterday  I would have left some for you but.....


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 3


Victor V. feat Karl Frierson - Try to love (clip version):    


the soldiers are terrible shots &amp; the Doctor is surprisingly sprite for someone who's dying and supposed to be kinda paralysed.


Organizational Thinking: Team Action Lea(r)ning - A Journey into the Future -   Ein Traum fr  - der mich ...


 That's great, we are glad you like it! Thanks for the video! :)


wedding addicts! new pinterest board for you!      cranium and the bob had to sculpt something and we had to guess the answer was hold.  Lol  well i know they will.. but soon could take hours and everything.. besides like half the fandom already knows everything anyway


Really nice open source cross-platform .NET charting lib  Win8 sample  Thx 


Still kinda stunned that THIS is the ad setup that  has going. WTF guys, show smtg of value!  Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Photo: kinkyangels: FOREVER SEXY!!!!!!!!!!!!     Cant get enough of them!  lahat ng babaeng nabubuhay sa mundong ito, lalo na ang nanay at lola..


 Having avoided the interwebs until the benediction, this nearly gave me a heart attack.


Sunny! Time to take the scarf off.  ( Karlv most | Charles Bridge w/  [pic]:  windu mimie? Hiks, cam comel je. Em nanti kita jumpa ye ahakz 


Billie Jean King is on the US Olympic delegation to Russia. Well done.  Who' Christmas Special: What We Know So Far  I get kicked out of club PS4 when I say that I actually think BF4's campaign looks better than Killzone Shadowfall's?


 [gaenl &amp; hte opcayplase] (2004) Michael Gaspar c:USA poin: 22


     ohhh that would be great :-) maybe the january one so u can enjoy few


Amazing  between  &amp;  after a walk in Star Msto, time to see intramural wine yards &amp; taste it!  Job: DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 Most likely the servers will be hosted by players, not Keen.


I'm starting to be pissed off really. Unbelieveable how we know to lose a win game 


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


IntelliJ IDEA: Generate equals, hashCode and toString with Google Guava -  pat e a tchica vao comigo p peniche yeeeey , vai bater


 Jawaban benar: the crime of the century,  24/364173 poin


 ally you could change my whole life, in about 3 second of yours, by hitting that teeny follow button on my profile... please?


I liked a  video  A Thousand Years - Christina Perri (Boyce Avenue acoustic cover) on iTunes &amp; Spotify


Shawty gorgeous, rebel without a cause is what I'd say.


Justin Bieber loves his  so much its actually so sweet. 


13,5 hours at school. I don't even know how I survived


 Y'know, someone who doesn't look closely could quite easily get the impression you are "Official" or represent DayZ.


 was it your bday yesterday?? I feel like such an arse ;( happy late birthday!! 


Lb se mi video  od autora   FIFA 14 "Wings" Online Goals Compilation! Fusion Amslow!


Tue, 12 Nov 2013, let us all send Radha Mitchell the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (40)


A new favorite: The Notwist : Close To The Glass by   on 


Marquei como visto Mom - 1x3 - A Small Nervous Meltdown and a Misplaced Fork  


 Kag i suggest taking the chicken inato route para indi complicated :D


Students predicting 2018: Upgrade your CMS - or else. Actually, this future is here now. 


Pravidla maj 100k !!!!  celebrate you bratwurst fuck  Is that a permanent change of pricing strategy? Are they going to focus on optional subscriptions? 


 congrats on that. Greetings from Austria/ Europe :)


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


You just got wortspiel'd!       Houskeeping lady will kindly remind you (I guess service is included in 17): furthermore your hometown is not in Germany 


 Jawaban benar: night of a thousand screams,  27/373914 poin


he treats other yabies better thn he treats yew. as if yr jst a side whore. time to dip!


Father Retakes Wedding Photos With His 3-Year-Old in Mom's Memory  Single-Payer System Beats US private mega scam patchwork  .. Simple, affordable, comprehensive and universal


That steak and chicken chipotle bowl has me on the bench 


 arod to naalyad tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: road to andalay


 lagi nonton mma cinta :* iya sayang ini lg, kmu jg makan ya. Love you too :*


Kempinski Hybernska Prague hosted the IBF Christmas Charity Gala  by the way mekasih yaaaaa cabe"an hari seninya kemaren :3 


 didueatthechineseuntilyoucouldn'tmove (also out of context this sounds you like you ate a nation of people...)


Was out walking 4.08 km with  See it here:  yong , nanti pukul 530 kejut eh ? Nak tidoq sat . Thankyou


 They seem awesome already, wanna see what's inside ^^


 well I hope some luck will shine for both, but luck has been avoiding me for some time so not really counting on it per se:)


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  grew up with "the servants of the servants" of The Bankers. They fixed elections, and then robbed and raped. You don't care? Good luck.


The Man's Guide to Haute Horlogerie: Episode 1 - The Tourbillon  is this?!? The sorcery! The devil is a liar *naija accent*


When defining your product vision, forget the 'what'. Focus on 'why'. The famous  talk:  [ahiatp] (2002) Mita Vasisht, p:race c:India poin: 6


Japan has promised to spend $110bn over 5 years on innovation in greentech. Most promising climate policy  


 no idea! Hopefully i can come over sooner!  


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  RT  [GIF] 131122 Yixing Heart to camera cr:  glass beads handmade earrings with dark blue beads and filigree   


A Taste of China: Customized, Home-Inspired Chinese Dishes on Request...  about the fate of  "The Great App Server Debate" with       Strangers Become Friends in Just Minutes. You Wont Believe What Made Them Do It.    Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


So far it hasn't surfaced
But I'm sure it exists
It just takes a while to travel
From your head to your fist


 [rmeagi] (1965) Florence Anglin, p:amnesia c:USA poin: 6


    Update, I was misinformed, goose is still running around, but not for much longer..


 Haha there's no way we'll get him unless we sell one of our big names.  ;)


I called my ISP that my internet sucks. Now it sucks even more :)


Why i'm looking like a dick when i'm with my crush huh?


Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds - The Kindness of Strangers:  pes 


What I have recieved last night's     Drake can kill a man with his bare hands yet I keep having an urge to hug him. 


 masyado mo nmn nagugustuhan mga tweets ko!hahaha!!puro favorite ehh!!hahaha


Complete and out again after 2 years.  Huhu I missed our little foreigners mar and pie!   to Change Language on the Kindle Paperwhite   


video of Kral Majales procession in 1965 in Prague with Allen Ginsberg doing his om om mantra - such a massive crowd  photography  MAP black and white traveling by MagicSky  via 


  u 2 are very cute. I love ur song. I Bad listen  in the iTunesStream and i LOVE it. Love u.


Delores Seats~ Inquisitiveness and strength make me want to rise above my valley-bound brothers. I must reach the summit to see the truth.


Anime Wallpaper Library: Episode 13 (Sword Art Online) - BobisBlog:  ber 


 I figured. :) I just didn't want to be too sarcastic in my reply because of the CCs. My impulse was to reply "Mick, Du Depp" :D


Czechoslovakian earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


no ty wle, te si pustil Zagorku   


Ashley Westwood: "Its as close to a Championship-standard English club as youll get."  Excellent read, 


Little sneak peak.  and  Awesome pic, you look so cute 2gether   


I love the Body Shop. Asdfghjkl. I'd buy everything in the whole damn store if I could.


 me too, especially because I don't see my family very.often...


'You're Not A Princess' Ad Campaign Pushes Female Empowerment  Only Rule to Follow at Your Significant Others Holiday Party  hungry and I still have 2  more hours to go.. Eish.


Watching  panel. I'm not gonna lie, it's pretty awkward at times :D But I'm not cringing, so it's all good.


The worst hotel I ever stayed. Somewhere, but nowhere. Now visiting an old castle and then getting drunk.  might not be able to avoid a friend or acquaintance who as... More for Capricorn  glad yo see young gypsies tryin to fight for the image of their people. They are the blacks of Europe.


Photo: The reflection        Xbench 3.0 for 49/year with Black Friday Week Promotion!  


Ff bk bro. My TL is about to be censored with this niggur on it 


Just now... Pont the World
Prv te... Rybnk Svt
  Republic
      enltmesen'g hielrs tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: gentlemen's relish


Xmas one - Tisto &amp; Dyro - Paradise [Club Life Vol.3 Stockholm]   I understand that jQuery is useful, but it is probably one of the worst offenders in most what you say. 


Well, some bday wishes by    would be amazing too! :)


Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation donates $3 mn to save tigers in Nepal | Firstpost  via 


"I just got caught reading Mein Kampf to children." 


  I agree! 53 did a great job! I wanted to buy that before I even knew what it exactly is :)


For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction


 Night shift again? You work often at night, right?


I really want to go to India but I really don't want to sit on a plane for 16 hours


But forreal, y'all already knew Coke Brown was on that stuff.


In memory of Mimi Smith who was born on April 24th, 1906 and died on December 6th, 1991.


walking through the christmasmarket  gretamoser


TOP 10 Nejkrsnj hory svta

TOP 10 of the Most Beatiful Mountains in the world  Iceland."- every android dev should know this place, right? 


 My dog will do this except I never volunteered for it and its more like a mauling from a tiny fox.


i need to vent to someone about jado jfc i love that dork a lot


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "New Bronzes from Prague"  Technic - Three-Wheeler inspired by Morgan (Third Updated Version):  prostednictvm 


Ellie Goulding m stejn skvl psniky    


Your sense of power is a double-edged sword today because you ... More for Capricorn   Co kec, na Greenwich jezd ed metro :D To vim, tam byla prema Hunger Games :D


What DataGov can learn from BBC archive -  inspiration   


Hbd git  , i hope ur dream'll be in reality soon :D


At Last was almost perfect. would have been perfect if  was still wearing his glasses. ;)  


My ignorant ass cousin comes in asking what I got and I told him and he asked how much the TV was.


Anime App: Anime Soundboard (Free Download) - BobisBlog:  ber 


comeback de ninemuses parece que vai ser uma mistura de wild com news


Fotoserie: Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson filming a night scene on the set of Fifty Shades of Grey in...   the the friends of Instrumenta Musica can visit us on iTunes Store!  handmade polymer clay Pendant with Swarovski chatones and crystal clay   


JIRA Service Desk Road Show in Berlin - ein Recap zum Event  sleep well. It is morning here, might go for walk when mist clears!


 [het inhdrieet] (2009) Kristen Broussard, p:college c:USA poin: 13


 Congrats! Details later via blog? Would be interested :-) 


 at start it was funny
but now, my phone won'z send the massages anymore
or... I don't know


 Eeep. And I thought that rams are herbivores.&gt;:)


Popobox - 18 august 2013 - melodic deep techno electronic  [ss'aidy tsla dtnsa] (2009) Sarah Winter, p:disability c:UK poin: 18


 exactly and they ship from gERMANY that's like so close to me but 1 week wasn't enough to deliver it on time wtf


World premiere of the PINGPONG (ping pong) remix for 'The One'. This remix will be featured on our NIGHTS AWAKE...  Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         34


OMG..fed up with all the jibber jabber around NSA. lol on everybody's privacy issues.


 XD it's fine. Just that ltr ppl see le thot why yours special LOLOL


I'm at AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station (Praha) w/ 4 others  is impossible. Dky Plze! Pro fotbalov fandy jedna pipomnka...  freaked out wayyy to much about that Econ final .. It was so easy 


im so gonna sing that next time when i ride down a slope  


Good luck to all the PTA students today on your practicals! We've worked hard, and we've  got this! ;)


     thnkxx you for follows. Good night;-);-)


"Are u okay? always the same question. im fine. always the same lie


    :D have fun! I really love it! :D


My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.  mean look at this numbers Winston destroyed them ha. 


"Jako herec by se jist neztratil"...Adolf Hitler na   Congrats to Rka Zsirmon, what a unique and stunning work! This is an amazing picture, thank you for sharing this here!


  Yeah, but  reported it fails for him with Swiss Live Id.


 Happy NEW YEAR to YOU! Thank for everything what you do for your fans (us) ;) And have a great time in Australia


Anyone who maintains an open source project should read these:    and I love your boobies" ist auch ein sehr nettes Kompliment.  xD


Schumacher's Condition Improves Slightly After Second Operation  Some big boy should have a chat with Ference...


Karma police, arrest this girl 
Her Hitler hairdo is 
Making me feel ill


 anyone who breaks up with him is a smoker&amp;drinker in his book !


In memory of Marie Windsor who was born on December 11th, 1919 and died on December 10th, 2000.


yay! 30's! also menswear! which will probably be a disaster. but I always want more menswear on 


Earrings with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


  last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you said you are gay ...


oh FFS people are making too big a deal from the selfie. yes, inappropriate but seriously...it's not like they started gunning people down


How to Turn Your Next Event Into a Branding Blockbuster  is back! Charges into 2nd place, +1.10 behind 


Bye bye little ugly tribal tattoo. Another coverup by Tereza      Weizen, 2 Schnpse und 2 Tassen Punsch, but the beat hasn't dropped yet.


"He reflects on the days when he was a king, a usurper, a maker and a destroyer of worlds." -   mszombi: good-golly-lolly: Bat-themed accessories by Antique BeasT Now that have the cape I...  essay Writing Services  Persuasive Essay - Buy Essays 


How just some little words can change everything and hurt so much ... :(


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  a friend of mine said Bangkok is the capital of Singapore. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!


I guess it's the right thing to watch national lampoons since we watch it ever year


 if bdsm is cutting your body in half with a kitchen knife... then yeah!


You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one." - John Lennon


 kazdej picus ve tride me prosi o piti. Internet. Nabijecku. Otazky do pisemky. Atd.atd...maxhate


It is the grand finale of   season 9 , who will take the first position  or 


Lb se mi video  od autora   Modestep - Another Day (Ft. Popeska) (xKore Remix) (Official Video)


  but id say china? everything these days is made there lol


just thinking about going back to school on monday makes my stomach flip


A book that has shocked all Chinese around the world: Nine Commentaries on the Communist Party

The Nine...      you were my golden followers in   See the video:  


 aw really? :3 I don't think they're scary but I'm scared to talk to them thinking that I'm not good enough to talk to someone


 My pleasure mate :-) and thx for the e-mail, got the message. Cheers


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Thanks so much! RT  I complimented Marcus Jneckes page at  Check it out  


Check out Painting Watercolor Landscape Original   pot gefhtir 2 tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: top fighter 2


Hello  ,can you play "All Bad" by Justin Bieber? Thank u 


Please...killing me...that's so two years ago.

You just didn't 
And that smile, fuck my life  newest addition to the family , moms new puppy Jaxx named after Jaxx teller off of sons of anarchy   stats: 6 lovely Elves followed me and 8 unfollowed me via  [rfom eht euodsit ni] (2005) Nancy Moreno, p:suicide c:USA poin: 19


Novy Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra tyvole:  = yet the best day in my life!
A 2+ in my big English test.
No physics test
It snowed the first time.
Midnight Memories out!


"Is this also called a cardigan?" -Matti *points to scarf*


This Is How We Live in America Today...In the  M.K. Grabois    playing a street piano in Prague:   


...watch more than two episodes a day because I was actually studying back then. well, okay more like, going to lectures but still.


I guess I should write a list of things I need to do this weekend / next week 


 MT Graca &amp;Winnie at Mthatha Airport    


Startups, learn the value of free, the power of easy, and the cost of trust  Some christians militaristic passions."With bombs,  spying, we will get their oil.".. They are terrorists, its their fault. (4/4)


like not on an acoustic guitar but on a piano without the organ effect oh my


  's 5 in 5: The five ideas that will change your life.  the Seasoning for Robot Salt and Pepper Shakers  Are Red
Violets Are Blue

My Dick Is Clean, But What Bout You


 Jawaban benar: esok masih ada,  14/110 poin  1/773 poin


Photo: Christmas nail arts | Womens Max -  on We Heart It....  como visto Two and a Half Men - 11x5 - Alan Harper, Pleasing Women Since 2003    


 most appreciated gurl i'm on it and ur set at hifa was fire l really enjoyed that


  Could you two just delete me out of this conversation?


International  Festival: stop at the top    


 what on my laptop? :D I even looked under the thing that puts it higher but nothing sigh :/


Wait, you can't do file transfer between devices via Bluetooth on iOS?


my mum is watching story of my life behind the scenes on her own MUM IM HERE TOO IF U DONT KNOW OKAY what the hell is wrong with her


Earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Miyuki beads   


"What should i fuckin' do? A Reggae-Record?" - Dave Grohl


 1.0.7 fixes an issue that caused the task notes field to show up for collapsed tasks:  Hotel in Prague would you recommend to a design connoisseur?  [a dohyial ot ebmreerm] (1995) Sandy Webster c:USA poin: 21


 Good read from a fellow DXer! I should put up some antennas again. 


I've harvested 270 of food!    


  on:    humble oneself, be modest  modesty,  humble,  humbling oneself,  modest word


Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Airlifted From Ship After Kidney-Stone Attack  Hi, is your market still going ahead tomorrow? Just looking at the weather forecast?


 yea, it feels funny to see the building you know from game in real life. I was in st couple of times, I need to visit the pub


Looking forward to new iOS 7 optimized jailbreak features. Looking forward to the  Update


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 4.4 C (39.92 F)  


The brothers actually had civil conversation! And kinda **** to each other. You have no idea how happy this made me 


Yeeeeeeeeep. One more day of hard work and sleep deprivation, then weekend! Hurray! 12 hours of sleep for me, please!


Tomas been M.I.A ...... thats what getting a girl do to you i guess


O h hhh people graspi ng the id ea i ha d be hind my pictur es ooo hh


 I don't have it. Got a Note 3 now and it is just too big. Not a bad smartphone by any means but too big


Handmade Chain and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Photoset: He left. Do you need me to tweet it to you?  L O V E ! // it was freezing but he was sooo warm! :)) I mean literally warm :)) love you Matty :)   Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


 [rreaebtonw] (2005) Nikki Sinai, p:water c:USA poin: 10


What would the world be like without religion?  no religion , no life  as what would baby Jesus do // ask yourself before wreck yo'self


Time to dream and make plans for 2014     joined Pinterest! You should follow me:  pes 


 This year will be Lucky because: 2014   14/2=7+7  and 2+0+1+4=7 so...7 7 7 extremly lucky year especialy in Las Vegas :)


New Ways to Resurrect Dinosaurs with 3D Printing  


 Jawaban benar: dangerous waters,  16/319941 poin


The 26th Brno Biennial 2014 is coming up and we have just launched its new website at   yes i know but J A Rahim's son story is another extreme.will discuss on Phone :)


Twitter Will Now Show You Ads Based on Your Browsing History   that is soo me! that's my fucking bun gah damn it!  to be back at the crib in a few days with  and    


whispers anne have u had time to do the thing yet


Super Heroes and their Part Time Jobs  via    Ostatne, netreba pouzivat tak ridky jevy. Lze si vystacit is pondelkem, uterkem, ...., sobotou a nedeli :D


Funny spycial. Where are you, whom are you meeting? via phone position. .. New world, new frontier: a Cyberworld. Needs to be (2/4)


 I even had to refrain from "nobody takes MY mug, that is MY mug and I don't like other people drinking out of it" :(


Your need for adventure might become obsessive now as the Capr... More for Taurus   looks like u have to endure czech subtitels :-)))))))


Crackdown shatters  'anti-corruption' taboo 
 favorited a  video  Jam jest Jehowa. To jest moje imi" ~ Izajasza 42: 8


kalau awak rasa istilah kawan x dew clash ,, saya lebih sayang kan awak tau istilah saya sudi awak jadi bakal isteri saya


 I bow down to you, conqueror of the gadget lust


 btw. dneska na  "transgender story" by sis ml poslechnout...  :D  


Grammar's getting on my nerves. I keep making mistakes and it's driving me crazy.


"Electron Beams and Radio Signals from the Surface of the Sun" -  will do everything just to get away from throwing up


  Thank you for sharing, Will &amp; Hilton! Glad you find the presentation useful &amp; interesting! Martina


and 2 more:   happy birthday guys, have an awesome day!


Chat is a Dirty Word in  WeChat Blocked  via 


Handmade ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


About 100 pictures I took yesterday just fucking disappeared wth


And those seconds between my pleasure and your touch. Your taste and my breath.


 [eth sgon fo eth brsdi] (1935), p:air-rifle c:USA poin: 21


I have Pretty Bush on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


The Bloody Beetroots &amp; Greta Svabo Bech - Runaway:  via 
U je potebuju slyet znova!


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Earrings with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


  duude kunogummana nema uba nhasi here l know its gon be turnt up at DT tronyt coz its ther final weekend there


the lyrics to Royals are pretty good aren't they. they're me. I'm starting to get a wee bit fed up with the song but I like the album.


i swear selenators are the most sweetest fandom ever i'm so proud to call myself Selenator


    I never liked them. And I thought that Bill character is a dude for 4 years or so. Oh well.


 What else could Foxtrot possibly mean? :P *nuzzles*


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 Luck generally seems to be from the person who will depend on it acne remedies


You may be offered a professional opportunity today that's too... More for Gemini  to take 3D printing into mass production with Batch Control option  


"I like to win, I know no other way. It's in my blood." Can't wait for Saturday!  


'I'm gonna pick up the pieces, and build the leggo house'.


To prevent questions from popping up: 
No, I haven't been to Australia! ; )

Um entstehende Fragen vorweg zu...  Siriously there should be something like prescribed days off till we recover from such serious emotional shocks! No exception


Happy birthday Miley, enjoy your first adult beverage..


 is hiring: System Administrator  Cloud Infrastructure  beegha sa ye jo december ha:-)beeghi beeghi si tanhayi ha


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Evening sea"   


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Rose"   


You will be amazed by the results of this simple solution.  Czech glass lampwork beads Shamballa bracelet   


Thanks  for a wonderful day!! When you look at a  automatically they smile at you. Made up for the terrible 


 and that supporters shouldn't be able to define the roadmap or are involved. they just pay and are glad the OS project exists :)


My little sister didn't know how to learn so I have to show her bc mum is kinda weird today+now I have no time for my things... Great day :D


Tune into  24-hour gaming marathon at 5pm PST for live  gameplay on     if you give him a ring it will just corrupt him &amp; someone else will need to throw it into the fires of Mount Doom


 [nmotimras'y eepds tmiil] (1913) Marian Swayne, p:telegram c:USA poin: 23


My mommy has road rage lol I wonder who I get it from ...


Nechtel by se se mnou nekdo jet  podivat od 7 do chemistry gallery na vystavu pasty onera?


 homework: A 
classwork:  A 
homework: A 
classwork:  A 
homework: A 
test: F 
final grade : F
Sad truth... -.-


Today stats: 3 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  Yeah, ou should have gotten a prompt to install them.


Yesterday BBC shared a new trailer of Sherlock Series 3. Can't wait !!! 


Five daring predictions for social marketing in 2014  via 


Finding myself in a reality distortion field 


13 Travel Books That Will Give You Serious Wanderlust | Nomadic Matt's Travel Site  via 


 to si pis :D to bude jenom pomoc. Johnlock. Benedict paneboze. Ne. Ja umru. A tak :DDDD


 so refollow me and follow my bf? please louis;(  x33


Yes nemen!!sumaya ulit ako kac nag reply na ulit sya!!hahaha!!:)))


ICYM: Snap analysis if  release from   Podcast w/   coming soon...


Great review for  - 'The event was perfect and very interactive. I met and spoke ...' -  Jawaban benar: someplace else,  14/340123 poin


 [orrronsitvei] (1986) William Paulson, p:alien c:USA poin: 12


 but sometimes it's not so easy...if you don't want to lose your best friend....


 hey Im super excited for your upcoming vids about editing! But what progr. did u use before you you could affored adobe?


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  conflict:  becoming an increasing factor in the region - video
 [teh eyvr steb fo eth de ilvulans hwso 2] (1991) Gwen Verdon, p:tv-special c:USA poin: 39


 Good question. Would love to know how many users already updated.


Vborne ... Modr hory - Zaklnadlo (Big beat, 2013, Slnko records) (+zoznam vide):  via 


 Jo, to my, co uz mame venku i devitky, moc dobre chapeme :)


 TOMO! Asa ta next time? Anzani? Kuha sa tag funds sa SYBEE uy arun maka eat out ta. HAHAHA!


Talking to a friend who had an emergency surgery done on Friday, she reminded me how unpredictable life can be.


Good morning guys! Ive just finished my work and now Im having a breakfast and waiting for my sweetheart to wake up :)


I remember looking for this to see if it was real hahahaha RT " Handjob  i've said this before and i say it again: the white Nexus 5 is one hell of a good looking device


 [gcclianoen a gurlarb] (1908) Robert Harron c:USA poin: 20


This Christmas Could Be Make-or-Break for Toys 'R' Us  beer can look like - radiant pig IPA  st.     alex_angarita   Prague Castle View Point         "I'm The Melodyman (Hardcore Edit)" by  -  (via 


 not simple sia! there seems to be another spy in the police force besides that sports car one? SKALLY IS THE LE TIAN BOSS!!


I made my 3 year old sister blue nails and she likes it :)  se mi video  od autora   Will 3D Printing Change Everything?


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jsdas


new Pics of  with Friends

Kristen picking up pet supplies on Sunday. Her stalkerazie was out in...  11 Most Impressive Covers From The BBCs Live Lounge In 2013  people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by     lol - the only time I saw him on fire there was when he was alone in HIS corner.


  Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you &lt;3 8


 Dari tahun lepas dah ready. Sedih tak dapat first intake. Haha. Orang Kluang mmg ramai dpt Pahang eh ?


 FC Basel is playing now. Are you watching? 


Nah! Labrak meg wkwkw" Cewe cantik mah yang bodinya bagus, putih mulus mata belo idung mancung bibir tipis


Atheist billboard ads rejected in Vancouver  Someone finally told it publicly and they turned him down with no reason


Today stats: 7 followers, 5 unfollowers and followed 2 people via  one who said student's life is an awesome one apparently had never been a student, that's for sure


Bien, ahora usare mi Twitter solo para llenar de Tweets a Liam :).


 accepting compliment for the man u mention handsome.


Ukraine protesters return en masse to central Kiev for pro-EU campaign  watching The Michael J. Fox Show (28 others are watching)   


 No, I didn't take them, I had forgotten my cam but a friend helped out who was standing more central than me.


MediaPost Publications Facebook Sued For Scanning 'Private' Messages 01/02/2014  poster for Saturday's event! Buy your tickets early so you don't have to hurry anymore! :)   [nujah pasna] (1953) P. Ramlee, p:Drama c:Malaysia poin: 11


 is a great view into the standard relationships. love is not command. 


 Which App did you use for Benchmarking your SSD on MacOS in this vid:  riot police fighting demonstrates on Maidan in Kyiv!     Responsive na mobilech. Zkousime Foundation, je to peklo. Hodila by se obecna doporuceni. Blbne detekce rozliseni atd.


The View from Afar: on the future of Hungary and region with Charles Gati   he's gonna smash it, he's made of stronger stuff than you'd think!! Can't wait to watch tonight 


Lb se mi video  od autora   Wildstylez - Shadow


 it was just amazing year. Hope it's going to be better and better and hope everyone has lots of fun.


Handmade  Lavender Glass and  Cubic Zirconia Detailed Flower  Brass Gold Plated Earring   


The sun sets into water  Doln Hornometelsk rybnk  - DE MONT "Body Language" - is an Australien Band, not well known - my Favorite Song is - "I Want Your Body" !!  for an IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


All the Sterek fanfictions in my Pocket. Now I could travel all over the world without feeling bored even for a second.


 Come on, Joe. You can do better. Not a valid analogy. A better parallel would be if Fox/BoyScouts/Chick fired a person (1/2)


 flight schedule &amp; rebooked me on Wed... and finally canceled the flight completely yesterday. Nightmare.


 So my good friend  is not only an artistic/production manager but also an amateur 


cherez chasok idem na konsert Sera Eltona Johna)so excited


Ahhhhhhhh, my first crush. Also why I'm absolutely terrified of giving women jewelry.     Ellie Goulding - How Long Will I Love You (EMBRZ Remix):  via 


It's true, there will be a guy who will appreciate you, see your beauty and take care of you.


I've watched "The Diabolical Kind" (S2 E12) of Elementary (via 


 yeah, hardstyle is worldwide !! How you're doing guys ? :)


What Is the Market for Online Videos? [INFOGRAPHIC]  


         Stok Narciarski  a Collaboration Revolution by     via 


 Jawaban benar: the stranger from arizona,  25/1729 poin


Diky lidi, 1000 followeru! Vsecky vas miluju. Prisaham, ze do dalsi tisicovky budu davat vic obrazku vtipnych kocicek  ,    :-( ( Pivovarsk muzeum | Brewery museum -  [pic]:  hudba byla asi 1.5 hodiny stream iTunes Match pes Edge  


Only in Beverly Hills (or Kuwait!) a gold plated Maserati, discreet and understated! Tastefully done????  posted 25 photos on Facebook in the album "HOPE MONTH 2013 - MOTOL - FABIAN"  Why am I thinking about a Surgeon Sim level in a truck?


 I don't know about other languages, but n polish 'lil bear'  is diminutive for your name


 Parents bought a new car????? Wasn't even consulted about it...


  slowdown is not a positive sign 4 the  and  especially!


  That screenshot wasn't made by me, it could be a mod. But I guess that this is only animation.


 I know right? sooo pissed off abt that. still haven't gotten over The Hour axe and now this. grrrr


Apply Today: DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


 this made me think of you for some reason...   D.S.


EU GOST DE MAMAR NOS PEITOS DA CABRITINHA The Walking Dead  


The 12 Worst Things About Going Home for the Holidays  Teen Daze someone who rmx  Garden City Movement - Move On (Teen Daze Remix):  via 


Apply Today: DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Handmade Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


I fucked up but don't judge me if u ain't doing no better than me


  thanks for the direct message,but I am unable to send you  any, because you do not follow me...sorry :-)I am from the Czech Rep.


Today stats: 3 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 8 people via  2 days of dogshows ... I have the feeling that I smell like a dog, behave like a dog and definitely eat like a dog! LOL 


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Christina Perri - Jar of Hearts [Official Music Video]


 yep. She knows what Im doing but she asked me if I actually code, but thats a good description because of different tasks. ;)


 i had, although i was super sad that they were closed :(


Nationalist march on Polish Independence Day turns violent in Warsaw  went completely crazy! It got me... I am decorating my room so it gets christmasy atmosphere instead of studying,so am I procrastinating?


Old Town Square, Christmas Market, Gluhwein. Got to love Prague ( Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square) [pic]:  Giants Fight Surveillance and Other News You Need to Know  Our honored press trip guide &amp; the Western US Czech representative - Voject - wishing us a sweet trip home  i kid everyone, dont take it personallll *monica voice*


Doug hammond is living in my city linz/austria now.. RT  !!!!!!!!!!!!   tell me about it.. i had it 2 days ago... but deleting all the tweets, changing my password and unfollowing some people that


oh no...my parotid gland is swollen and it's hurting. need to go to the doctor tomorrow morning


  I like him,of course..but he doesn't win either way...I want Damon to win!!;)


91 May the dance never end and the music never stop.
Castle/Beckett  


Epic Christmas Split from Chuck Norris. Merry Christmas to you all!
 among great free-market  MT  Bluefin  nosedives at  auction    Offer Air Taxi !
Cirrus SR-20/22
Karlovy Vary - Prague Airport 
Price: 50 000,-czk + 21% VAT      1852,-,- +21% VAT


 What kind of burritos do you have in Canada? o.O


Street Artist at Old Town            Please look at my polish version of "Podemos"  Poland loves you! :** I'm really sorry for spam :* 40


  in CZ we say "do not trust everything they say on TV"; Engineer blogs can usually judged; not trusting analysts by default


next time, i`ll start to buy x-mas presents in october...that`s insane what is happening in malls! hate malls.


 Jawaban benar: sr-71 blackbird: the secret vigil,  33/322 poin


      Gymnzium a SO Plasy  looking for volunteers who help us to translate a few words to Chinese.. Let us pls know on spendee Thanks for RT


New Skills, Social Curation And Higher Quality  Content Marketing Trends 2014 [INFOGRAPHIC] - AllTwitter  honestly don't remember him. well, and Tegan only barely. or much of what happened in it (except the 4th Doc's memorable bit. ha).


made the best cd for in the car on the way to a7x tomorrow :D


Photo: malformalady: Slope Point is the southernmost point of South Island, New Zealand. Lying just east of...  ouch indeed! I remember an ice hockey score once when I was wee. don't remember who with, but one team lost 0:11. oops


Lets just hope that   and  never fight each other, that would rip my heart into pieces:) 


 [llaf falo-lut ni] (1943) Clarence Nash, p:army c:USA poin: 16


Just spilled a whole thing of chile flakes all over my food god help me


 Ours is the age of intolerant liberals RT  So why are the people opposed to  so abusive and intolerant?


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  Jawaban benar: the roman holidays,  18/316722 poin


 hamagash. dpt free gift apo ? btw kalau u dpt staff purchase tak ?


Enter to win $500 each for you and a friend to shop    the first picture is really sad. For the rest - I didnt read it.   


"Im most thankful for my great family:) thank you for doing this"  Lenka Moravcikova  


A new favorite: Lucky Guy (Radio Edit) by   on 


 get on vit c powder and the echinacia shots follwed by hot bath and an opium pipe for zzzzzzz ;)


I had serious conversation w/ my aunt lol
it was weird
i cried so hard


 ha ha - easiest thing on earth! 2 (max. 3) and I'm done! :P 


If something seems different about me its probably that layer of guilt that seems to have slunk away!


 Jawaban benar: james bond 007: goldfinger,  26/321133 poin


NOW: Police appear to be moving in on  protesters  YAHMAN. but boss hinted ytd that bonus will be given late. -.- idk leh maybe go retail play awhile. sit in office gain a lot weight


I've collected 8,514 gold coins!    


Handmade Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Stars Bracelet   


OH SHIT I should get ready for school, tidy up, maybe eat something, shave and do important stuff! It's late! Always late!


1 new unfollower and 2 new followers (hello! hello!) in the last day. Via  mani please follow my friends     ily  8


50 years of conspiracy theories and their effect on a nation's psyche  12.42am already.  And I can't go to bed because  do a follow spree and I dont wanna miss it!  PLEASE FOLLOW ME!


Thanks big time  for a fab concert at Lucerna in Prague - you guys get better with age !!! come back soon!


Sie hat echt an alles gedacht. :) Weekly appointment with my therapist!           Top 3  Artists: Nirvana (45), Joy Division (33) &amp; Woven Hand (28)    sing lemon tree karaoke, while Marzia will lubricate your head and nips with ketchup.


 Goodnight. Sweet dreams. The swiss air makes you tired ;)


 P.S. check out your bookstream (books people you follow are discussing):  I own 6 books on that list ;-)


this guy must keep quiet because I'm fresher than his item:)


well Suspicion, you guys, was even better than I expected. why did it take me this  long to finally watch it?


Sum people only call when they need sumthing but i still  pick up like wassup  what u need cousin


so this is the "real people" challenge? well that could at least NOT be boring. 


good painter's blog, mention of Bill Itter, my teacher at IU  How can I set default sender for All Accounts but keep Selected Account setting when All Accounts are not selected?


im gonna take a shower and wait for the bloody video now oh well


Thu, 12 Dec 2013, let us all send Jaclyn Dahm the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (36)


cheddaboyjessie Ft.Star &amp; Slice-Hoes Choose (+playlist):  via 


I've collected 1,959 gold coins!    


Sweden Uses New Rating System to Screen for Sexist Films  are you? .... afternoon with friends in forest  best advice I've ever got: "Do what you do best!" 


Good Morning everyone:) No TVD today,damn! Here is someone beautiful for better day -----&gt;   pacar kok gila banget yak? Udah gila, lebay, alay pula wkwkwk  the best lah wkwk


Just woke up and I don't want to go to work so bad:-D  me and I'll respect you. It's that simple.


I'm hiring for a Technical Support for Sweden. Know someone great? in Prague, Czech Republic  


 games cancelled! Was actualy lookin forward to it 


Vnon verek v salonu Cardinal // Christmas party in salon Cardinal :)  white spaces said to be ideal for communication links needed to develop oil shale regions -   arena is falling down, falling down, falling down, Tipsport arena is falling down, poor old Sparta! 


" Is a crazy girlfriend too much to ask for?" Why would you want that? You been reading them memes haven't you?


 Jawaban benar: the september issue,  19/53875 poin


Lions do not lose sleep over the opinions of sheep


Go shopping with your best friend Selena Gomez :))))     Because she deserves it.

Stana Katic  


I liked a  video  Panono panoramic ball camera takes selfies to a new level


 i feel more sad now since i watch taec kscene, its beat over adtoy 


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  Glitch to get Under Stormwind [5.4] World of Warcraft [2]


A taky na blogu mame neco o  Proste to sem nestihame postovat, ale asi bysme mely..  Ruby Red Glass Polished Gold Plated Earrings   


Pqp seus vagabundos que esto me dando unfollow vou olha ta se eu te sigo vc vai ver The Walking Dead  


Does anyone know any good sites with nice iphone backgrounds? Can be an app as well


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.06C, Marc 21.06C ac foris 3.56C vre esse.


sometimes I hate myself for being so powerless .....


 1. buy nail varnish, costs like 4
2. apply to nails
3. feel pretty


  Came across this today! Hahah us enjoying    ... And some random lad  first time since last week i've turned on my laptop o.o first step to fanfics x"D


I want to win the  Holiday makeup giveaway!     &amp; Dinos Chapman - The Blind Leading the Blind
3.10.2013 - 5.1.2014, 00:00
Gallery Rudolfinum

The work...  hahaha.. Rave girl fell in love with rock music eh?


Thu, 19 Dec 2013, let us all send Jessica Steen the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (48)


There are more old tipplers than old doctors. - German Proverb


 Neo-Nazi leader resigns amid allegations of sexual assault   
 like that! Prague is one of 10 best cities for a winter vacation! Come here people!  on a lesser angry note, no more trying to text anyone, visit anyone, chill, smoke, drink, laugh with anyone.


The Myth About Carbs Part 2: Digestion and Food Pairing  pes 


 [all fdwole pu] (1955) Mel Blanc, p:dog c:USA poin: 13


The Immobilien Ostbayern Daily is out!  Stories via  


Wenger hails his warriors as Arsenal show resilience to beat Newcastle  via 


Velk Ndhera ( Kino 35 - Francouzsk institut v Praze w/ 2 others)  Generally: Easy solutions never work. We need radical reconfiguration of basics in social pact, globally.


 pass me what you're smoking on a Tuesday morning. I would like to try some.


Salute on New Year's Eve in Prague!  Stedovk krma U krle Brabantskho  people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by   A wonderful lovestory.

Castle/Beckett   


  exhibition on the life&amp;works of ema destinnova   


MASTA MIC &amp; RAMMON | Grand Beatbox Battle Studio Session '13 / trosku lepsi   unlimited Youtube Likes, Youtube Subscribers for FREE  [isn:edi crmneaai naizs] (2009) Daniel, p:right-wing c:USA poin: 22


In memory of Billy Strayhorn who was born on November 29th, 1915 and died on May 31st, 1967.


 fight, train, is dedicated to the most you will reach it.


And I'll be rolling, rolling Baby get me dope And I did all wrong, although your heart was gold Now I may be numb and lonely and heartbroke


Thu, 28 Nov 2013, let us all send Joe Dante the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (67)


Good Deal: Dells Venue 8 Pro tablet for $99 at Microsoft Stores on Monday  pes 


ech, Pikryl, Matjovsk, Pauschek, Vacek, Polom and Bedn ready on the bench.


Asthma Tips &amp; Advice is now available on Amazon!     


Does anyone know good movies for the fall time?  


Oznail(-a) som video   Huge Premature Fireworks Explosion - Real EPIC FAIL :) SLOVAKIA ako Pi sa


Growing Up Unvaccinated - Voices for Vaccines  via 


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Bigweb.cz worth $140. SEO analysis of bigweb     pes 


Dont miss new Humble Bundle! Amanita designs games are truly piece of art! Awesome graphics and music.  


 [nioj] (1980) Betsy Jones-Moreland, p:faith c:USA poin: 4


  hi guys, please  follow me, i love you so muchhhhh &lt;3 2


I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty. -John D. Rockefeller


First day back in Austria and I'm off to a demonstration! Yay for standing up  to one's political ideals!!!


 yes it's true, but the more we need a native client facebook for  :)


Sharing time with you, the best of all the world


The Lede: The Spectacle and Sales of Black Friday 


Something for the better mood -for me and everyone who likes it.
Nco pro lep nladu -pro mne a vechny,co to rdi.
 oneac's eerttnih tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: ocean's thirteen


. Those were highly fascinating yet disturbing calls about domestic violence. Shows how difficult those situations are.


Ylda 2 kere 6 aylk tatil yapsam yeter be fazlasn istemiyorum


Great book: Agatha Christie's "The Man in the Brown Suit". Time for the next one: "The Secret of Chimneys" :D


16  Always C  A  S  T  L  E ! Please RT to vote.

Castle   


Please keep taking totally stupid, undisciplined, pointless penalties, Kings. It's really working out great for you.


Le Havre for iOS is very good version of original board game.


One of the most impressive commercials I've ever seen, thumbs up! love it!      - Junior Middleware Technical CONSULTANT  FRENCH MARKET, based in COLOMBES (France)  to be honest its seriously NOT as painful as i thought it would be. It does hurt a bit but its totally worth it! Good luck! :) xx


"How to teach step aerobic" lesson and now we're continuing with..?? :D


 Never panic buy or sell on BTC-E. There's a lot of market manipulation going on. Pump and dump schemes that cost newbies a lot.


Good point. (Also in "Why Beer Matters.") MT  Are any beer writers so influential they can cause a run on a particular brew?


"What's the largest item you can have shipped from Amazon? Because I think my neighbor just got it."  some  Get very mad from this. Next thing is my bed u know :)


Nepehldnte CFP ke konferenci v Lublinu:

East European Art seen from Global Perspective: Past and Present....  T-Mobile Czech Republic and Google Play -    Have you ever been to the Christmas Market in Prague? Great photo!


A Taxi just parked outside. I logged into its on-board Wi-Fi. Because that's how I roll.


This week on twitter: No new followers3 new unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Will you do another concert in Germany next to Cologne?? becuase I cant visit it and it makes me sad


  haha aw - I'd watch out Chris, that sounds like she put poison in there ...


 this key short film takes my breath away every time ;)


O Allah ! Bless my Parents with the best of both the worlds. Gud mrng


I liked a  video  "Another Love" - Tom Odell (Cover) - Ambre Vallet


"Schrdinger's dick in a box is both erect and soft."


Starters ready to go          want to be drunk in love, &amp; crazy in love 
Knowing my girl is insanely in love and loyal to me!!!


 In the afternoon? :D Or are you in the US at the moment?


New post: Best Uncanny thing in 2013 / Wishes for 2014  relationship: In your mind vs In reality   is a shocking lack of christmas-wear in my wardrobe. I don't like it :/


What if your last name is 'Goldace' but everyone pronounced it "goldass" and you're always offended, it's like they are doing it on purpose!


MIT Actually Reinvented The Wheel  via  //looks  :)


And God made a woman. This creature turned to be hurtful, but amusing...
Morning all :)


"Water balloons half frozen with candles placed in the hollow center"   It happens that DDE won't bring up the element when refreshing with ODP automatically (the red tomato message)


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via  is free as speech and free as beer; no money is required.


" aigooooooo Taec why so cute? cr: Fishytails  want to say I'm thankful for my family but then again there are so much better families like the Kardashians so no 


Vintage 60's Wiggle Dress Lady in Red Satin by prettyinprague  via 


Windows down, speakers loud, look down at my sneakers now


Fotoserie: "Amazing. She remind you of anyone you might know?" "No. But I find her quite unique and...  at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 29 others   It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart.:) 


 [sutj a medar] (2002) Marilyn B. Monroe, p:kid c:USA poin: 12


Happy mensiv  - fahry. Langgeng terus. Doain nyusul ya\29/


Where are those times when could skate on the Vltava River?
Today: +3, sunny weather.  for example in the Czech republic in Bontonland :))  h


  Agreed. I can name my fav. directors much easier than favorite films.But not my favorite 3. Maybe favorite 5.


Check our site to see the dates of festive tree lighting in Prague
Scoprite le date delle feste...  out my new song! Produced by   


Lb se mi video  od autora   Top 10 Smart Animals - Earth Unplugged


 mte x"D i actualy almost bitchslapped some yesterday i got no problem w it orz x"D


Provence And Modernity Beneath One Roof: Apartment Equipped With Restored Furnishings, A Hand-Produced...  Thank you Johan! It was amazing and we hope to cu soon again! 


  DRIFTING IN The American joints in Prague, Islands of regret, yin and yang     
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           408


 ggtrunesfih fo teh twrnotesh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: gunfighters of the northwest


Hurray! I've completed the 'I Know Nothing!' quest in Mystery Manor game!    


Should we bring up who danielle was recently having sex with??? Hmmmm


Lol the people who say Julia and Karlie look alike obviously haven't seen this rat   I'm glad you are well and awesome!  \/ hope the festive season has been treating you good 


The true business of school is not to chain the pupil to preconceived ideas, but to set him free to discover...  then pls explain to me why on the  diary videos this dell display via Mini-DP can only achieve 30 fps?


&lt;---  People spend about 50% of their time daydreaming.


 lol that will do. Always better high man haha


Charles Bridge seen from the middle of the river. And also few of the hundreds spires of Prague, in this case in three different...


like... u could see his /business/ holy shit it was terrifying


Perfect match of  by  and  by   "Can't be giving these hoes ya quality stroke"   " Lmao


 I can't do them either though and your style right now is so cute like omg TT


I  Flight of the Conchords - awesome charity song Feel Inside (and stuff like that) -  Cure Kids    well it looked more like an accident than an intentional kneeing


"When management asked Steve Ballmer how they where going to do that [scaling  he told them to ask the teams" by 


 can i ask you? when is your birthday,please? :)xx


 I spent 6 years in a city with both. Feel lost in this place sometimes!


 [aiml llca] (2002) Gary Harper, p:military c:USA poin: 9


I'm at Turm-Brauhaus (Chemnitz, Sachsen) w/ 2 others [pic]:  That's What It Is von Immortal Technique auf    Murder, mistery, macabre. Vote for

Castle  


 how appropriate that you should tell me to watch Doctor Who since it was Britta who originally showed Abed Inspector Spacetime!


Today stats: 4 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  very smart 2 year old.       I wrote jokes that arn't about my depressing personal life and arn't inspired by it in any way.  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  expected a nice calm Saturday night but so far it's been just...  you considered the benefits of an "opportunistic log handler"?  writes about this for  -  phone just restarted on its own b/c i was scrolling someone's tumblr and it can't do that wow


 [eht sohes] (2009) Danielle Kellman, p:children c:USA poin: 9


North America is under a snow blanket. Compare the current situation with memories of three men in HOW TO SAVE A FISH FROM DROWNING.


lorran e kadu me deram unfollow devo subir o convento p agradecer ?


  Currently 1 degree Celsius here..not so cold.


     thats good, shell kick his butt when hell get to act over the line :-)


 typical blue... After years of living in the dessert all of a sudden you think you can boil the ocean...


Zlin srovnava v presilove hre na 1:1, trefil se Leska. Ale Slavie ted bude mit vyhodu presilovky, chtelo by to zase utect. 


 thanks! I'm glad I joined to Twitter, I can practice my English and have fun at once :) Czech is difficult, I guess


 thank's for the retweet! Here's the full-size image for those who don't believe it. ;-)
 time with the church folks here, though had some unexpected opposition regarding cultural engagement. Not all, but a few vocal folks.


I've collected 14,000 gold coins!    


feel free to punch me next time i decide to buy something on the internet    multiply as they are seized, they die when neglected. -John Wicker


   but....why didn't they just use that fucking sword to begin with?!?!?!


Tram KODA 15T ForCity - Paper Model:  prostednictvm 


Vintage Gold Aurora Borealis Fringed Necklace by prettyinprague  via 


 how did they find out? customer complaint? "ur bananas r sh.. and i can tell cos i feel like king kong!" :D


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


I hate it when ppl pick on others about wearing Ugg boots. What's so wrong about wearing Uggs? They're more comfy than wearing heeled boots!


Vodrna
          pr hodin  Arogant music club

 21:00-22:30 FREY
 22:30-00:00 Foxx 
 00:00-01:30 Revelation Point...  [tis' m'ypushr ltfau] (1988) Anne E. Curry, p:not-on-dvd c:USA poin: 19


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


27.06.2014 00:00 - 06.07.2014 00:00

Enjoy a Baroque night at the palace of esk Krumlov, registered among the...  and fully equipped Accommodation in Warsaw. Today we recommend: the central one bedroom Velvet...  teh hiatinatbo fo sraongd tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the habitation of dragons


 I don't think I've seen the chair dance yet? I'll have to look at it in the evening after I come back from school :D


  pre-party tonite.drink specials all night.    


Our time is running out! our time is running out and we can't push it underground or stop it screaming out   


Holy Tech Batman!  Can The European Commission Be A Startup Super Hero?  pes 


Love   Look. Shop -      


  I can't even explain how much I love you because it would take me the rest of my life to tell you.


 Omg, Look who's talking! You're the gorgeous one.


Then my flatmate ask me how does she looks like with that necklace and all i can think about is her flesh colored tights 


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?    60


 Arwwww Baby! Xx love you so much xx
 
Pls pls follow me&lt;333 *-*


A new favorite: Easterndaze Mix by red for colour blind  on 


 1,  Sat. 23 NOV, pravideln rubrika Stainky nsleduje/the following songs are Stainky (


   Cloudy today! With a high of 7C and a low of 1C.


masilama RT  Ada lah tp nanti pas baru masuk"QodrianBasit:  wey ka.. itu classmeet gada pembagian hadiah juara?"


This year the traditional American holiday of Thanksgiving falls on Thursday 28th November. For those hoping to...  To jsem rad, musis byt trpeliva, snad to posta stihne a budes mit darek na Vanoce! ;)


No.7  2013 advent calendar - Weapons Rack (The missing ones - Endor Rebel Trooper will be  386. No dealing but threatening metaphors I had to work through in my head before writing them down, and I scared myself.


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


         semoga menang semua aminn


 I found something interesting when opening up the code of that scrollbar:  just get in a bad mood whenever I think about the Braves moving to Cobb uhg uhg uhg


  In which Starnes' supporters are anything but noble...


I funk its high tym I give ma game up n focus more on codx


Chicas: Que  amaneci con buen timing (If you know what I mean)


Up it's to early hit this bus and back to the Zzz...hyped but it hasn't kicked in...autopilot right now. Gameday let's go 


back to vienna this friday ..everybodys darling in club u . 2 rooms of disco , italo and classic dance music &amp; a classic disco free entry !


Ooo" Love it. It was so awesome place that i know love bngtssss"  beach!""


 I hate to break your dreams but I never wear bikini


100 words in your email subject line that trigger the SPAM filter.  know there was this joke abt the 50th,"my hair's not ready,show just my eyes!" and now I'm worried it might have been close to the truth


Mikul (St. Nicholas) goes in Czech Republic tonight and with his helpers (the angel and the devil)  favorited a  video  DJ AniMe - Cracks (Official Videoclip)


I srsly cried when I found out that they cast a twig to play  She needs to drink lots of protein shakes! 


I just spent 4 hours dancing on high heels. I don't feel my feet anymore. It is like if my legs ended with ankles.


 If the funeral procession is in the evening, do folks drive with their lights off? acne treatment


Gosh! 
I LOVE  
Why does England have so many hot and great singers/bands and youtubers?!


  webinar was very useful. The ad hoc polling is a very good way for interaction with us.


The Guardian vybral nejlepho agenturnho fotografa roku 2013 - a vtzem je Goran Tomasevic z   former US Ambassador to Belarus Michael Kozak   Isn't it gorgeous??? Honestly ... I love that piece of music, and then to find such a gorgeous video to it ;_;


Been dating this girl for 5 months today and I couldn't be happier!   Web Hosting Features Thatll Optimize Your Brand -  via 


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


astn Nov rok, Happy New Year,  Feliz Ao Nuevo to my fantastic followers who also happen to be my friends. You mean great deal to me!


 [het ebw] (1913) Anita Stewart, p:murder c:USA poin: 7


  Don't BE F***ING SAD hun! You deserve the best in this world!!! *HUGS AND KISSES*  Ew -  


Hard for people to understand your grind when they do not have your vision......  


'Thanksgivukkah' Searches Spike on Google During Rare Holiday Overlap  may sound stupid... but who's that lady playing a keyboard on stage with EG? I saw her yesterday + a few times before.


          Hudson, how many times...Sherlock wasn't my boyfriend.
Live and let live, that's my motto. 
Listen to me, I AM NOT GAY


 [wrehe mite astnsd sillt] (1945) James A. FitzPatrick, p:narration c:USA poin: 23


Ekhemm" C."  orang yang ditaksir? A.single B.sudah punya pacar C.banyak yg naksir""


Catch me live  on Air for ur exclusive Music,Beatz and mix 
Stream it and Enjoy the show
ONLINE  review for  - 'Very convenient. Some of the food was excellent, the rest wa...' -  &gt; PS. Maoy keu tang tanan pirmi so dapat bibo and happy. Maung mangita kug way nga over2 ang happiness. Thanks for everything dearie. :)


 eth wibyl cciropsany tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the wilby conspiracy


I just entered to  &amp; you can too: "Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (2014)". Enter the  here:  Sungjong and Dongwoo are easy to remember but i can't remember the others for life (   ` )


 Jawaban benar: bamboo in winter,  16/16167 poin  1/373428 poin


Anu gid na kung nag hibi ko sa SAO? :/ I didn't know it was gonna be a happy ending -_-


See New Year's Eve Through Google Glass in Times Square  Git Changes to Bash in Ubuntu: For the last few months, Ive been using Ubuntu for part of my work, becaus...  IndieDB 2013 Indie Game of the Year has begun. Vote for Space Engineers and support us for winning this prize!
 stress over the could haves, if it should have, it would have


  well written, always enjoy his writings.


Naha gawl"  T.O.P - Doom Dada |  with  


Already saving for trip  RT       you know my email ill be expecting the answers in the morning


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         16


 Jawaban benar: musical moments from chopin,  27/330783 poin  1/367282 poin


A simple thing ruined a whole heart. Dont have words to say anymore. Just.. im ok.


Zajimavy clanek o tom, proc Thoughtseize neni "fun to play with" karta  hey i wish you and your family. Happy christmas time. God bless you  enjoyed Titmuss Regained. I wish there was other way of watching Paradise Postponed other than buy the US DVD...


cares? what gives? democracy or fascist world war? (6/6)


"Native American"street  musicians playing TheLastOfTheMohicans sountrack on xmas markets...


I have designed a t-shirt to celebrate the winter (and the Christmas:)) It will be soon available on our e-shop  I love you and I miss you too  We need to hang soon!


'Google is living a few years in the future and sending the rest of us messages'   


Since the  are already 2 behind, let's have this picture of Bryz watching on screen.   "Canon Master: Darren Jew" on      


 Lana Del Rey, Coldplay, Muse, Arctic Monkeys, 30 Second to Mars.


Just got in and found out Nelson Mandela has died. Words can't express what that man did for this world. Rest in peace, what a hero.


I love these fresh bakery deliveries     casual abstraction movement in painting leaves me cold - why do people embrace this kind of work?  What does it say to us?


Save 50% on UX books from O'Reilly -  That means Dan Saffer's Microinteractions or Leah Buley's UX Team of One


 I think its great! You have british Superman, Daredevil as Batman and this  lovely Wonder Woman!


 I hate Ivanovic's crosses to the box! Defensively we should do better! We concede soft goals it's embarrassing


That vine is scary as fuck! If those spiders came running at me I'd die right on the spot!!


I have an idea for my birthdaypresent for  I should start. Don't worry before I send the pictures to him I post them ;)


Odeslal jsem 17 fotek na Facebook do alba 18. 12. 2013 Lucky Lucky  Alex M.O.R.P.H. Whit Hannah - When I Close My Eyes (Aly &amp; Fila Remix)  


These niggas don't know how to act smile in ya face and talk behind ya back


Practical ideas for a good user interface:   


Very cool way of teaching kids how to code...I just did the  - check it out!   person followed me // automatically checked by  Alliance participate at the ABM Brazil       Does that mean we have 1-2 hours before the show with you? &lt;3


 ececece . Hahahhahaha . Okay . 6.50 kayy yangg ? Dont be late


 I only think it's quite funny that ICQ wasn't as bad as everyone thinks. Wish you good luck with the app!


Captain Planet with a twist!!! (Keeping it Green) - Don Cheadle Teaching the World, that Captain Planet...  are you people and what are you doing in here???


 hackintosh + mavericks for free :) ok this is really bad conversation.


 and tanks for aways be there for us with your amanzing music and love in 20 years. TANK YOU BOYS!! We love it! *_*


Camera buggy takes the cutest photos of lion cubs I've ever seen  it's amazing, i don't wanna go home tomorrow :( wbu?


New Job: Senior .NET developer | Technical Leader  in Czech Republic  


Kaka shola siaran dlu yak  (at JeJe Radio 105.1FM) [pic]   Movement is to "Educate yourself, and others, to achieve critical mass of general public knowledge". Science 9/11 WTC (2/3)


 [rnaygn tge oruy ngu] (1940) Edith Conrad, p:gambling c:USA poin: 19


that hires devs to help out in these projects. Having a couple hundred of supporters would already allow a couple of full time devs.


 There will be presents around the tree :-) Will you give gifts each other too?


Are u a good dancer or singer?  hahaha no, I'm good looser  Managing, Retaining Generation X and Gen Y, Employees  I didn't go M.I.A, I'm just a busy man. Happy new year love, it's been a blast. And can't wait to take america by storm :)


  Intervention time!!!! Ready!!!! ...uuuh so you are the divine power. I've been ready :D


Buy prints of Falko Follert's images at  via 


The hardest working guy got payed out today!! 4 points!! Bobby Lukas a guy to look up to!   


Unrealpolitik in Russia and China: The teachings of classical diplomacy are probably more useful today than th...  hmm sounds good for nice pictures! I am coming back on Saturday ;) 


Yo check us out we young and upcoming rappers, you bound to find one song you  on Whats new in   1.4 M1   


Aint nothing you can say about that but athletic  


 lepsieho kienta nepoznam. Ma este svoje muchy ale to sa hadam casom doladi. Urcite don chod. Neolutujes.


"Behind every atom of this world hides an infinite universe."

 Rumi


TOP Streamate model LOLLI &amp; Pamella Am !!!  
Join to:    Personal blog:   dead as car explodes near police building in Russia's south
 [otw yaw rscteth] (1960) Myrette Morven, p:prison c:UK poin: 15


WO2013185159A2 Switched Mode Power Supply, Inverter And String Monitoring Assembly Comprisng ...    christmas to all CARLOS POKER CLUB players, followers and fans!


Lunch time! Goulash, Bohemian plate &amp; Pilsner Urquell. ( Restaurace U Labuti w/  [pic]:  thanks..well, I'm not completely ok yet, but at least I'm back on my feet.:)


Advent Sunday with Saint Nicholas
Come and joint us on the first Advent Sunday in Ulita. We prepared art...  I can't wait!!    I'm so excited!!!


Despite Anti-Patent Rhetoric, Google Ramps Up Its Own Filings  


 I heard a rumor you wanted follow me, is this true?     35


What a day! Broken Sword is back in glorious 2D today, can't wait for 


I have completed the quest 'Buy the territory to th...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Moyes looks like he's hurting and his after match comments seem more aggressive and maybe a step in the right direction in a siege mentality


Never take your freedom for granted if you've ever been locked up you understand Freedom is everything.


Tennessee Pastor Disputes Wildlife Possession Charge by State 


 predicts that by 2017, the CMO will spend more on  than the CIO  [cvlniara] (1921) Victor McLaglen, p:circus c:UK poin: 8


43 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


   Taky bych doporucila tohle. Hezci nenajdes.


Handmade Silver Plated Filigree and Czech Glass Beads Earrings   


Que mi Mami trate de cantar Starships y Story of my life es lindo:$


Poker Superstars 2: 
Poker Superstars 2 - zahrajte si populrn populrn Texas Hold 'Em poker proti bval...  In Beyond Two Souls [German]  "Abschied hoch Drei!" [HD+] (Walkthrough):  ber 


Vicenov "women have a choice, if they want to concentrate on a family life or if the want to pursue their careers and balance both 


Vote for  for song of the year    


Handmade Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Jednoduch 4-krokov nvod jak pejt z iPhonu na Android
Erics Guide: Converting to Android from iPhone  Many of   Pls RT for more votes. Because this couple deserves the PCA.
Castle/Beckett   


Shooting Your Translator in the Foot? 4 Disadvantages to Cloud-Based TMS Systems  via 


 Welcome to FNZ! - by: mod: Welcome to FNZ Brno Expat's latest advertising partner!
FNZ...  


Yes, I've made mistakes. Life doesn't come with instructions. You live and learn.


 There already plenty of other decisions that should've gotten people fired.


 Jawaban benar: pay day,  7/2369 poin  1/20958 poin


 so is now previous ADV discontinued? Or will it stay in production with some discount on price?


I'm at koda Auto University (Mlad Boleslav, Stedoesk) w/ 2 others  Yup, sorry I dont realise that Nokia Lumia 1320 have not full HD screen. My mistake ;)


  love survivor, love poker, perfect picture !!!


The actual lines that people always say wrong   [eflm-tisf v:dd seusi 1 - sdneunac] (1999) Rose McGowan, p:festival c:USA poin: 33


I have completed the quest 'Build a House.' in the  game The Tribez.   


Researchers use CT scans, 3D printing to re-created hidden dinosaur fossil  


 [tlbeaezhi of ddlmyaea] (1948) Hilda Bayley c:UK poin: 21


Markus Ullrich in Fuzhou at the 2013 International Conference on Cloud Computing and Big Data (CloudCom-Asia),  Mourinho isn't a fan of playing Chelsea's most reliable players, who can blame Lukaku for going on loan?  here! RT " Life is truly too short... Truly. I'm in so much shock... :("


Whenever I meet someone new, the first thing they say to me is "Woah, you're a ginger!" like oh shit really? Thanks for the heads up.


Acabei de publicar uma foto  Karlv most | Charles Bridge      look on how you being spied on by NSA agents, WoW gamers --&gt;  MADNESS!


We Are The Ocean - Live At Middle Farm Studios. Totalni libost!! 


 will need all the luck with the tour and my plan to meet Shane and get a Filan hug  :-P


 Britney Jean is absolutely - A.M.A.Z.I.N.G., huge huge huge huge you did it again


 Hello!We'd like to kindly ask you for a feedback for our app for toddlers Mr.Fox and Shapes. PM me for promocode.Thank you!


Three ways you can respond to customer complaints [video]  via 


Sculpture in Motion: Celebrating a Century of Automotive Design.   Jawaban benar: arabic numeral series 18,  24/318947 poin


 Jawaban benar: my name is alan, and i paint pictures,  37/360927 poin


Pidal(a) jsem do seznamu vide  video  Call of Duty - gameplay 01 Semper Fi


 oh no I did a spelling mistake what if you read it and you think I am stupid dammit


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.19C ac foris 6.44C vre esse.


 bc I don't like ppl taking pictures of me and it looks wrong


 food poverty a public health emergency, say leading experts
 20 Nov 2013, let us all send Aleksey Batalov the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (85)


Schon irre:
World in 2000 as Predicted in 1910
 via  


Police Need Small Bomb Squad Bots But Don't Have the Money  lot of people asked me - for testing Microsoft Ads in your app you have to use test app and unit Ids!  


Smartphones Expected To Account For 82% Of Cellphone Sales In 2017  ft chris brown - youtube - international love.mp3  has come of us when there are genuine news reports on the fact that Will called Kate 'babykins'. WHO CARES. LEAVE THEM ALONE.


God make my  a better person, let her agresivity and hateress go away. That's all I ask. Thank you &lt;3


New York City Council Considers Restricting E-Cigarettes Indoors  Rooney joins Manchester United club of divers against Hull  via 


 *swings hips and shouts while jumping on the sofa*


17th November 

The Velvet Revolution (Czech: sametov revoluce) or Gentle Revolution (Slovak: nen revolcia)...  get bummed,
If you can't read it.
Me neither.
//my  


 payah sgt soalan u bagi kot. Topic apa? They get married, we get old? Haha


I mean, you can tell he's probably playing a Greek god or something  the day I'm playing the happy girl but every night I'm crying myself to sleep.


 Not sure, honestly :) Sometimes I felt it answered why wines were so muted or more expresive, more often just no effect :o)


"My school requires a full suit and tie dress code. However a coat is allowed in the winter..."  trip to Prague &amp; Mons, Belgium ( Terminl hromadn dopravy)  hire Jimmy McGinty and then promptly sign Shane Falco and Clifford Franklin. Then play RESPECT. That will solve our problems.. 


Basta babaeng CEU students two moves lang kanting na..


Better Know a Visualization: Small Multiples   via   


Probably not gonna get much sleep, and tomorrow is also Friday 13th but! I'm going to Dresden baby!  final ft. FernandoGameer (com shaders :3):  via 


   Can you call a prize a gift? I don't really think so :3


Accepting Applications: Technical Support for Sweden in Prague, Czech Republic  


" Thank you EVERYONE for all of these Birthday wishes-it's really special."


Day05. Prague Astronomical Clock Part 3. In details. Semua bergerak.      Do guys appreciate a girl who approaches them, or are we still living in the dark ages?  we do


Lol" Messi&amp;Figo RT  Nama anjing isco siapa? RT  Yuk tanya apa kek ke gue, tentang bola ya!:3"


 Hee wena monna Ijaa answer my question.. Le gone ako o tle kwano


How does the "naked" Russia look like? Blackseas WILD, WILD BEACH seen by Vitaly Mansky still online for free until this Sunday!


This is why I love blogs. ---&gt; " My new blog post. Long &amp;amp; Honest. My Truths --  can not believe how good of a talker  .... 


 Will we receive a Steam key for The Walking Dead Season 2 or it's just stand-alone game with Telltale Games account?


This christmas i'll put a mistelotoe in my butt so you can kiss my ass.


 good morning have a good weekend. Enjoy it.;-);-)


 Socking the way your sons being harassed by police. We need some urgent intervention ie police education on this 


Follower -1, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via  I don't regret it, for now. Let's see tomorrow I guess I will regret even my existence


Nobody can understand that :)  kadarda ( The PUB)   EXCHANGE with   related sites only (     ) Write DM!


"  lol if I didn't smell so good would you still hug me?" Nope lol


GALLERY UPDATE: HQ photos of  outside the Riverside Studios on December 7th!   then I thought I was seeing things when I saw heads in the river!!


Alfred Hitchcock a jeho blondnky. Co je k nmu thlo? - Reflex.cz Reflex.cz  piece of wisdom by RT  ...everypony thinks that 'cause I don't have a cutiemark I can and will do any job.

That's very accurate


I made a new achievement: `Chief`. Try to beat me in the  game The Tribez!   


"I am pleased with Allah as my Lord, Islam as my Deen and Muhammad (SAW) as my Nabi."


Ma sa2louke with who  Bass I'm saying cause may fakro date  on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."... Well, I guess shit is going down this week. 


 haha believe it or not I kinda miss Brampton....


 My article on the  rivalry with a look back at Bayern vs Foals. Appreciate RT   


DB Bahn (checked); Emirates (checked); Citilink (checked) 


  Happy anniversary. All my best for the years to come. :)


odporucenie od typka co robil kavu v Campdene v neuveritelnom speede a stihal si davat este tanecky  


Gyft Now Lets You Buy Victoria's Secret Lingerie With Bitcoins  to put Colin in the same position Peter was in for the regeneration, while Nicola was getting bored in the background. great stuff!


Research Festival Day of  - Cluster of Excellence  - happening in the CRTD today.  collected 11,255 gold coins!    


 haha whatevss, I ain't done no shit like that 


 

Twitter can be a bit rude or riddled with innuendo...

I should perhaps have tweeted this warning before my previous offering!


This  produces finest   :  - Listen to her recent   :)


As announced earlier, we donate 10% of our profits from the sale of our app "Quizoid Pro" from November and...  [cap]"LEGEND OF 2PM in TOKYO DOME" DVD. "Sexy Lady"  Wooyoung -8-  Sexy guy. ^^  autumn raw vegan salad                                       thecosmoswithoutthedoctor: Giffing this because I want the Capaldi-Davison hug back on my...  in the hell hates Ellen? She is the single, most greatest woman alive on this planet. I think I'd rather die than have ppl hate her


I just requested the  in my city, you should too!  wait to be in Starkville tomorrow.

Said no one ever.


Photo: These 2 boys bring so much joy to our team here at     stop signs, speedin' limit Nobody's gonna slow me down


 Dear Jim. I actually write: "there are many good arguments for cutting CO2 effectively. But hurricanes are not one of them."


 I couldn't agree with you more. My reputation far precedes me and that's not something I want to lose... Yet. D.S.


Lb se mi video   18+ not for shock, very graphic! Syria | The Scenes Which Are Not Being


To commentate my brief return to Romania, one if the first pictures I ever took there...  collected 13,072 gold coins!    


 True but with the stats and the heat on Dalton plus the Defense they have. I can see Andy being the fall guy.


  win the Madison TT   won flying kilo in 55,472s with 


25  Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Really chilly morning today.. I look like snowman with the red nose.. :D


I have completed the quest 'Fulfill 5 wishes in the...' in the  game The Tribez.   


Odeslal jsem 5 fotek na Facebook do alba Filmov premiry od 12. prosince - Plakty  if you haven't seen it, you have no idea what you're missing out


 Oh, check our bookcover of Gabriel's Rapture. I love it more than the red one!


 This was a fantastic episode! One of the best of the series. When do we know if you're picked up for season 5? 


 [rfeta cnonnceei] (2005), p:ex-convict c:USA poin: 15


 btw donucovaci techniky? Cteni ma cloveka bavit a ma cist, kdy chce, ne proto, aby mohl rict, ze precetl kvantum knih


 I didn't use touch whiz for long enough to figure it out :D


Buat math separuh je pastu kwn col ajk sembang .masa nih la dia nk ajak .kita tgh mangat buat math nih .


I liked a  video  Justin Bieber - Heartbreaker (Audio)


  Anyway, this made me try  and it's really sweet


 or credibility...I mean, to each their own I guess


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         351


2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  do list:
-summary for spanish
-learn 4 music test
-learn 4 history test paper
-prepare some stuff 4 art
-wash my hair

I hate this day!


Happy Birthday Claire Shaffer Riche! I love you, and I think your pretty awesome.


 its time to follow me (: be my 1/5  seeing you in 205 days x34


You have to watch this talk from  about the  and their gadgets  saw a car crash happening right in front of me. Fucking snow...


 Sleep well, Hone-Yang!!!!!!! Love you~ Wonderful dreams~ :****


9 hours later: still can't download imaginary numbers because itunes is a bitch


'Back to the Future' Got More Than Time Travel Wrong  Get well soon David God bless you and the angels watching over you :)


Don't forget about our previous favorite game Charlie, The Steak! :)
Download at  Czech govt to introduce three VAT rates, lowest on medicines: Prague - The new Czech coalition gover...  


wait.how many Doctors were they before the "1st Doctor"?pretty sure everyone's trying really hard to forget this bit in the Brain of Morbius


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


 [atroebof nvdetarue] (1960) Bruce Brown, p:surfing c:USA poin: 18


 [eth qluleir rmmneauodm] (1966) Victor Beaumont, p:evil-man c:USA poin: 22


An Alarm Clock for Pandora and Other News You Need to Know  of course we do have, in fact quite a lot. It's just that the plastic ones stand out more like a sore thumb. Can't help!


 I wonder how they make the quality assurance. Is there a dog/human being somewhere speaking both lingos?! ;-) 


 woodman presidente Casting couch vice, fake agent all'economia, fake agent uk alla difesa e female agent alle pari opportunit


 The things we could accomplish if we'd never write lazy shell scripts


 beau please follow me it would mean a lot to me! xxx 
My birthday is in less than 15days!!


paleluleloo RT  mcd ya? okesip " ceritanya h-2 nicc wkwk"


Gotta love that  scene where Kal goes to the priest before exposing himself.


Localization business cases: Sourcefabric  via 


listen to Diselboy set - A Journey Into The Dark Reaches Of Subsonic Space 83 minutes. 74 tracks. The full blown...  Look At Sketchfab: A Youtube For 3D Files - Forbes  is a fantastic and good looking background noise and color generator ideal for working and relaxing. Plus...  [nied si npseigle] (1990) Jeffrey Jones, p:infidelity c:USA poin: 16


Twitter Stock Hits New High Following Rollout of Ad Targeting  in the New Year!
Two nights ago I heard the beautiful soprano voice of Anda-Louise Bogza as "Leonora" in...  i haven't slept yet and you are already up :DD...


Proel jsem leton fotky a vybral moje oblben:
   


 i'm bringing my best friend  my mum and my granny! She is 83 and likes you! We are going 2 times! We love you 


Photo: Emotionless | via Tumblr on We Heart It   shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Woke up in the morning saying how did this shit happen right heree, oh babyy.


 Also write for  and Kiss from the World 


Jacques Torres, aka Mr. Chocolate, Opens 57th Street Branch  needs to narrate SuperGuide in new games. Narrate everything. Narrate MY LIFE.


One for all: new Machiavellian role for Capaldi in BBC's Musketeers  via 


Bad start in EPT was down to 20k, but just starting winning pots from my Libanese neighbour to lift me over 50k. Antes now  


What a very nice Goodbye, good  amazing        RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


" I really need a true relationship. But it's hard to find."


 I use to sleep all the time, I still do, but I use to too.


Good blogpost about "Crawling content with  Search"  the food but now I have no room for tea :D


  Oh shush, Isaac - you need to go with the times and not be stuck in the past! :&gt;


  I hope so :))...it would really mean a lot to me! :))


 [ihst gneanld] (1941) Constance Cummings, p:peasantry c:UK poin: 12


lingohub Daily is out!  Stories via   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by   *groans* I don't have the words... or maybe I'm just sad that I didn't think of this first. ;)


Set of three stone beads bracelets with rose quartz, light green amazonite, white agate beads   


 Where is the photo of Mr. Grey? :) Would like to see him!


My Top 3  Artists: Martins Ross (18), Radionomy (16) &amp; Moloko (7)   From these 3 Infra is my favorite. It's also on YT:  Love the final PDD w/ Nunez+Watson (starts at 25:10).


  niggas will do anything for a lil recognition lol


I'm so sore from working out that I need to leave extra extra early to make it on time to class. The struggle is real.  


Photo: Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing.  anyone is wondering if it's worth traveling to  in November... look at this blue sky --&gt;  naivatl si eht rwod orf rrieac tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: valiant is the word for carrie


Niche blogging is easier then you think - 6 figure blogging , SEO Plugins for Word press
 thanks...but there are no Xmas for me...but wish u to have a lovely ones :)


So, geeks, What was your favourite gadget this year? Go!


terapie Bachem, yes, dneska totalni neschopnost aktivity, jediny dve veci co se daj delat: twitter a sms, ale to taky docela boli


Perly roku 2013, nejen popelnicek, bobr a velky ptak.  via 


 in the Pizza Dog issue of Hawkeye but it didnt feel as good as in Wolves of Summer.


feel bad for all the boyfriends who had to spend their paychecks at tiffanys lol


Lb se mi video   Showtek ft. We Are Loud &amp; Sonny Wilson - Booyah (Official Music Video)


When record shops were still on top And vinyl was all that they stocked And the super info highway was still drifting out in space


I just voted for  to win  at this years  on   Results Are In: How Do You Handle the Extra Workload During the Holiday Season?  just really sad right now because my NYE plans are crap and i can't even drink i wanted to celebrate the end of this year properly


Going to U medvdk (At the Little Bears) for beer and goulash :D

 [zrayc waott] (2000) Sandy Clark, p:spoof c:USA poin: 11


 Hiii cutie xx
pls follow us


 

Thanks babe xxxx


" I actually don't like cadbury whole nut chocolate" Have you tried rum &amp; raisin?


The Ultimate Guide to Juicing, Coconut Oil for Weight Loss 
 I'm actually good, thaaanks
But I won't the January come near


Handmade Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


Aint nothing better than hawaiian pizza on a chilled sunday like this :)


Curious how Twitter thinks Prague is part of germany..


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               494


  thank you hunnie xxx  I'd love to see Nicky and Karen!!


Igor - Moneymaking feat. S. Barracuda (produced by Willy Vynic):  


Can't wait to meet them tomorrow but at the same time I don't want to go to the college erghhhhh


 1, Star poledne  Sat. 4 JAN, Song  MIKE HARRISON  LP Smokestack lightning  1972 Smokestack lightnin'


 please, play "Money To Me" by  she's awesome and this song is great!


The day when I said all the cheesy things in the world and meant them.


Not a Taylor  fan but she's looking truly gorgeous in the new  issue!   laughed so hard. Tota it's just rough out there.


" Jesus said, Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest -Matthew 11:28"


 eht alup dor'yag hsow tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the paul o'grady show


South Carolina Threatens Washington Over Cleanup 


Hams Detected From Space by NASA's Juno Spacecraft:  via 


Lmfao!! RT " Certain times I wish my onsie was a twosie "


" Be with someone who is proud to have you"   Sese! Tsk tsk ;)


 Walked in to 2013 single and walking out the same way  


I earned 1368600 points ( and 2383 results ( by donating over 1 year ( of cpu time to WCG  ciyteso cdorto tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: society doctor


Gartner: Cisco a Huawei rostou ve Q3 na trhu server nejrychleji

Podle analytick spolenosti Gartner se ve...   listen to new track of my nigga  prod by    DEMIxGODZ


19 Apples, cherries, coffee, cheeseburgers.
Castle/Beckett  


I'm at Vclavsk nmst | Wenceslas Square (Praha) w/ 2 others  I was the one in the black polar neck, black sunglasses and trench coat at the back. Happy Birthday!  


Romania can barely take care of what is has already. Moldavia?


 :( Looks so promising on paper...Hopefully support responds?!


if i start writing those essays now i can still finish before 2am


 Bonjour My Queen Wish You happy New year adore u zizou from tunisia :* &lt;3 !


 Immer gern. 
Stana Katic 
Castle 



ah, gonna be social tomorrow eve. good for me. honestly I'll need it. gettin grumpy here. break tomorrow, will be errandin most of the day


          It isn't embarrasing, it's one of the sweetest things I've read. Nothing can describe how much I love you. -xx


This week on twitter: 2 new followers, 3 new unfollowers and followed One person  via  Joker: The Clown Prince of Crime. Collects the 1975 - 1976 series, even the missing      I could do some yodelling. sally knows that I'm very good at that ;)


Now hiring: personal cook. BF is still napping and I cannot get up


 I think I can also crawl in my bed. And nobody pushes me out if I do.


Who want, from my lovely Follower, a Christmas card from me?&lt;3 
Then please, DM with your adress:-)


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  Trying  gives me "Server not found! Firefox can't find the server at  stats: 5 followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via  is the mother of good luck. - Benjamin Franklin


Harlem Globetrotter Survives Terrifying Accident as Basket Collapses  Internet today. Und im Serverraum piepst es wie narrisch.


u know what.. i actually think newton abbot demo is pretty fucking good like, if u forget for a minute that it's muse, as a start it's a+


Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  nakanang!!!! hahahaha.... e di treat her like a royaaaalll princessss... dali baka maging coffee prince pa... lol


 nope. Had that conversation already. If I'm moving out I'm on my own. They're not paying for a flat for me


Krokodil sinks teeth into persecuted Georgian drug community The Black Sea  to sell to success in Moscow if you have nothing? VIRGINITY, a documentary by Vitaly Mansky for free (not only) for weekend!


Photo: (via Beautiful Black Women With Curves and/or Thick - page 23 - Beautiful Black Women Pictures -...  did you drunk a little bit too much at new years eve, huh? :D


        have no idea how much I hate watching you leave.


  This commercialism is absolute madness IMHO. Christmas cookies end of Aug, Easter stuff in Jan.Greed knows no bounds :(


 [ieltlt :tlyai tpa,s estrpne &amp; tferuu] (2006), p:italy c:USA poin: 36


sklepy15890 Newspaper weekly is out!  Stories via   


 thank you btw love ur face (I've never seen it but I bet it'sgorgeous)


I'm at Koskova (bus, tram) (Brno, Czech Republic)  [em dan hte ogsd] (1997) Nick Cassavetes c:UK poin: 15


Speedart | Giveaway (CydroLP&amp;MonoCrafter) (+Playlist):  via 


 [eht gmigbanl orertr] (1937) Emma Tansey, p:saloon c:USA poin: 19


 I think that means you only have a week to live...


 I'll watch your movies long as you watch mine


Dinner at Cafe Fara tonight!
thank you to Tom Levy and his team :-))))))  no dude, there is a new research abt ppl who wake up in afternoon, they mostly more cooperative in social life


 [rmsimew teka lla] (1952) Mae Questel, p:swimming c:USA poin: 16


I just realized that so far,  is perfectly on time. No delays or waiting. Thats rare for a conference,right?


Just when I think I'm doing good with diet and exercise... I shoot myself down and om nom nom some fucking taco bell.


I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "My little project in Morocco ...."   !!!!!!!!  Harvey guest editing the Today Programme has ruffled some feathers. Thought it was great whatever the Mail say. 


After hanging out with my friend with dreadlocks this past month, I actually at some point considered twisting my hair. But nah...


 I read 'vast lands' as 'vast ladies'. I prefer my error and will keep it that way ;) D.S.


Mte ji zajitn vstupenky na silvestrovskou megaparty v SaSaZu? 
// Did you already book your place for New...  you ever feel Feel so paper-thin Like a house of cards One blow from caving in


Lb se mi video   10 HOURS of Sweet Brown - Ain't nobody got time for that AUTOTUNE


Bumper Sticker in India Reads: My Son Dropped Out of High School and Invented his Own 3D Printed ...  


 Have also written many articles for  but not my agency. Happy weekend!


My Top 3  Artists: Enter Shikari (38), For the Fallen Dreams (33) &amp; Devil Sold His Soul (13)   night friends sleep well 2 more days then starts a new year.I hope it gets better than this year &amp; it brings me good luck in everything


Secondhand smoke dangerous for asthmatics:    


not more long and its  for meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee    I am coming sooooooooooooon! yeahhh!!


Autumn photography nature photography autumn product by MagicSky  via 


I'm just really ambivalent towards pretty much all holiday ever. well, except Doctor Who anniversaries. and Capaldimas.


 Actually tried it with Xamarin while ago, but the Android Audio APIs are such a mess I decided it's not worth my living time. :D


i just realised a haven't eaten since lunch and im not even hungry? something's wrong


Got a date? " Thank God for this bangs,dunno where these evil pimples on head forehead came from"


Handmade square  Glass beads and Corn Stud Brass Pendant earrings.   


    celebration    n sei cassildes n gosta de mim a namorada de kelwin q me chamou p blue night


     haaa, when it edited ill start with x-mas baking so relaxing maybe


Soon coming exclusively to Australia: Emoticons  Dispensers: Happy, Lovey, Grumpy, Naughty, Slicky, Cheeky.  at AN Praha-Florenc | Prague Central Bus Station w/   also have mobile license readers on the backs of NYPD vehicles. Plate data is retained for five years."  


On page 120 of 464 of Tiger's Destiny, by Colleen Houck  environment pro  projekty odladn. Debian7 pod  pro Win+Mac host / LAMP+XDebug+APC+Redis+memcached+Postfix+Courier+.vim


-50%   Key       To     


I wish you beautiful lazy sunday! // Peji Vm krsnou prolenoenou nedli! :)  collected 30,591 gold coins!    


 Jawaban benar: not tonight henry,  17/328479 poin


 [eth ocffnee] (1972) Vivien Merchant, p:murder c:UK poin: 11


My thoughts about the  ecosystem and indie app development in 2014  


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 wgdzqw


You are influenced by the inconstant feelings of people around... More for Sagittarius  dont even know where to start cause you cant bandage the damage you never really can fix a heart


 Thanks, I was watching her.  Will try to catch your "open spectrum" presentation tomorrow!


99  RT to vote for our favorite show.

Castle  


Automated call from  Customer service 1990's style. Horrible.


Um chute nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


Ever and ever again in twitter-jail because of the PCA-Voting. 


 there is no real snow to find in Cologne. Come to munich to see the real thing:)


Women's World  championship in Ostrava: Sweden &amp; Czechia to meet in the semi-final today!


The 4 Workplace Tips I Wish I'd Known From the Start  setkani s Mirou.:-) :-) ( Galerie Harfa w/ 10 others)  $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 Peach Glass Matt Gold plated mini Bow Earrings   


  still looking the fittest and youngest mate 


 Wanting to check it out this spring and hopefully teach there next winter !


So excited! Wednesday, thursday, friday and then such a paradise


A new favorite: Metrika LIVE Boiler Room Mexico by   on 


Now playing 500-1000 koruna lol got 200k in front of me :)


Peter McArthur~ Some people have so much respect for their superiors they have none left for themselves.


Knowledge Base Articles you may Find Useful no. 18: It has been more than two months since I pub...   


Czech earrings with glass beads and chains, Bohemian Jewelry   


I've collected 9,345 gold coins!    


mad proper!  ManOfTheDown - Well Listen Here, Burroughs by  via   wrote I'll sell half of my Bitcoin when it goes over $1000. I lied. My new target: $40k 


 I'm fangirling so hard right now. I really need to write my thesis but I just physically can't. XD bad BBC, bad! bad Moff!


 Jawaban benar: after hours,  11/351072 poin  1/372314 poin


Asthma severity classifications:    


Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


In memory of Jules Dassin who was born on December 18th, 1911 and died on March 31st, 2008.


povinna "Registracia informacnych systemov"   


Zacalo me sledovat  - znamena to, ze uz na Stedry den nemusim drzet pust a uvidim ho? 


 britney, the perfume video made me cry so much. &amp; ur scene where u almost cry... beautiful vid brit!!! 


 Could be first step toward Transdniester joining Customs Union on its own.


 they should, but i get that they want to have something from their old design:)


Last night Parker fell on his face, Russell cut his hand badly, Ike got choke slammed and we haven't left our hotel before 4pm 


great service for listening to news - Umano brings the sweet, dulcet tones of a VentureBeat story right to yourears  I like food more than people. That reminds me at  :))


 I wanted one for each one of them. Cuz they're hot duhh


don't ever do this again Suho.. points for trying though 


 I feel like I dont have a good question for you to answer me :c


You may think that family commitments are holding you back, bu... More for Aquarius  If you have any references for creating a Homebrew tap, I'd appreciate that. Is there anything we can do wrt licensing issues?


  wow I am so happy for her!!! and of course I am sooooooooo proud of   :D


Playing ~125BPM set tonight in Storm Ckub Prague. Should be fun!


36 ounces, building snow mountains. More bricks than 24 houses.


Not a fake! "  cop playing  is doing well! Currently having 2000000+ views  don't want to love like Romeo and Juliet story. I would like to create their own love story.


You could pick up on messages from other dimensions today if y... More for Scorpio  I'm not sure if I should say BIGBANG or EXO. I heard Fantastic Baby on Czech MTV from BB and I liked it but I forgot the group's


Mars One Plans First Private Robotic Mission to the Red Planet  Jinonoce Jitrnice Jin on ice Dinonajs v exportu stop pro muj master na spolecnym bigbeatu s   from a pub home and checking twitter.  Why cant i just stay home ?


You can now download our brand new 2014 catalogue:  Pic:  pop hity 2013 pohromad? Zkuste klasiku - mashup by Earworm a pak taky  od Daniela Kima  you buy clothing there just for game money or real money?


Thanks Christian!  Artist  beautiful shop is now up on her site!   You won't want to miss our upcoming webinar about sharing Christ in the marketplace overseas! Sign up!   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           563


 Is this a genuine tweet, or has your account been hacked? Sorry, but I've become very suspicious of tweets advertising sth.


Hooked up live  we fuckin Spendin $$$ like monopoly  thanks a lot,sis xx! Im glad those two have finally met :)


  I see. BEERFRAME is a much better upper ontology! :-)


I've harvested 1,044 of food!    


Answer 1 simple question every day till Xmas Eve for a chance to win amazing prizes   via 


Sony to Disable Some PSN Features in Europe for PlayStation 4 Launch  short of mammoth, primed &amp; ready to rock, this is polished dnb of the highest calibre   RMX  Hey,, I really don't want to be annoying, but... OK, I know I am, sorry :-( Pls can you check my email and ARC copy? Thx


ITM going to dinner break. Average 250ish, I have 480.


 Agreed. Moreover multilingual thesauri violate the spec ( that says the field 150 is non-repeatable.


    What are the costs for a 2kg package?


Time for class, but at least it's warm enough that I can dress like I'm cute 


Looking for some series in the style of Ripper Street (which sadly might have ended definitively). Anyone seen Murdoch Mysteries or Copper?


I'm at Star osada (tram, bus) (Brno, Czech Republic)  like in chateau for everyone 8^)
ivot jak na zmku pro vechny 8^)
Hoovice, Czech Republic  fucking end of The Day Of The Doctor was so perfect I wanna cry and watch it every single minute of my life


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed one person via  Jawaban benar: surviving the game,  18/347925 poin


Lb se mi video  od autora   What I Look For in a Guy...


I am voting for Castle/Beckett    RT to vote.


Love  part "Thriller"    


I've collected 67,730 gold coins!    


 163 - Camouflage by Beastin Monaco Di Bavaria...  GOING APE IN DA VILLE...DEC 14 with DJ Fuyal The-dj.... ALL HAIL DA QUEEN...COMING SOON!!!!  Jawaban benar: mother teresa: in the name of god's poor,  40/6931 poin


 i know right her hands are almost bigger than his head it looks bizarre


Gaziantep tur atlar..Galatasaray'da penalt atacak adam bile yok


 12 year olds are having sex and i can't even order in mcdonalds without panicking


First day of  was successful. Met Shaq O'Neil as well as set 50 Cent up with some   04 Jan 2014, let us all send Harmony Korine the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (41)


  Nelson Mandela's first-ever TV interview, with ITN in 1961   [eth uchco] (1962) Hal Smith, p:therapy c:USA poin: 9


  I think she would.. because you're not a weirdo at all :'3 And you know each other for long time! We spoke just for


 Jawaban benar: the crime nobody saw,  20/325606 poin


Warning of Robots Armed With Tasers Alex Jones' Infowars  Robots, drones arresting, killing people for world rulers


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


 [nipratshub] (2008) Peter Harmer, p:networking c:UK poin: 10


 tam bir haddini bilmez bir insan. .. ayip be insann biraz olsun yz kzarr. ..


 time to pay me and collect your stuff when you back from hk!!!


Dalai Lama says new Chinese leadership more realistic about Tibetan autonomy | Bangkok Post: breakingnews  Cubic Zirconia Detailed  Polished Gold Plated Star and Blue Glass Pendant Necklace   


Winter!  last girlfriend was a waste of time thats why im not bullshitting with any chicks nowadays


 Shortest day of the year = Longest Night.    Humanitarian work needs no reward from the greater masses. At this moment, althogh intended innocently,


   AM Fog/PM Sun today! With a high of 7C and a low of 2C.


You make my heart beat like nobody else~ Just thinking of you makes me feel comfortable~I miss you..


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Daily Meditation: Sunday, December 22, 2013.

"Do you know the story of the happy mans shirt? There was once
a...    " I'm not of the Keep-A-Bottle-Of-Wine-For-A-Special-Occasion tribe."


I recommend you new  HARD OUT HERE, it's amazing, I like those new electronic elements.  


Berkawan sudah. At least kita dapat contact dia selalu. Hagitu


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 gadze


 contact Kateina Jar on facebook, she does the touring management. :)


On my way to the stadium.... Traffic jams all over!!  


Eu cantando stay ontem pareceu uma louca apaixonada mds 
Heart Attack  


And here is our new 'Euphonic Sessions' for you!!
[with direct download link + full tracklist]  is cold but the Fleet Europe Forum is hotting up. Loads of fleet related companies here.


30  A whole new chapter in crime solving.
Castle  


Clinical practice guidelines for healthy eating        


Sup mothafuckas taking a break from geography to say: Gallifrey Falls.

NO MOREEEEEE 


Check it out LaSonjia Jack! I have friends going to your son's show!  Welcome For our homie Mr Jean Yves Randriambelson Aka JD Fellas !
Big Shoot Out To JD for tha Video !...  you a good fit for this job? IT Security Governance Manager in Brno, Czech Republic  


Yang penting happy ka haha RT "  haha ini orng isengan :p"


 is building its own platform for future cloud computing - starting from own OS, browser, through...  Virgin America Got 6 Million People To Watch A Flight Safety Video Without Stepping On A Plane -   


Lets play Megaman Battle Network 3 Blue - part 7 (German):  ber 


Are there any coupons available for trying out  in Germany/Austria? Only found it for other countries.  


 [sederal] (1989) Choy-Ling Man, p:bank c:UK poin: 7


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  step forward_hopefully it will work vs. hudson yards massive volumes
 via 


Kiss me like you wanna be loved, wanna be loved, wanna be loved....


i think i've been called retarted at least once every day cause i do some  really stupid shit.


   hope you enjoyed the movie. Cant't wait for seeing it! 


You have to be able to appreciate these things. How many people can say it was a full moon last night and appreciate it?


 Just arrived home for my last working week. How are you?


( yuck...frosty Saturday... :o ... Nevertheless I wish Good Morning for you...  it's in up visayas where i got accepted eh. but i'll be trying for a few more colleges in mnl :)


You may strive to take a centrist position today because you r... More for Aquarius  Against - Give It All:  pes 

Never stop in giving it all!


 Mxm! Bloody monopoly capitalists. Whereas yol supposed to be mourning at the comfort of your homes or even  the FNB Stadium


After a small pause I'm back!  and with me winter photo without snow from christmas Prague!  How to increase testosterone naturally.    


Hurray! I've completed the 'Fussy Coquette' quest in Mystery Manor game!    


 Jawaban benar: the fifteen streets,  19/357310 poin


  haha that should basically be the first thing you buy whenever you start any new hobby


I usually don't mind watching stuff later but this indeed is a very special occasion! :)


Photo: (via Dolly Castro All Hip Hop Models (5) | All Hip Hop Models)  made one of the most important  in my life. 


Fotka uivatele hurts_germany   amazing,gorgeous photo  


It really puzzles me that people don't know that Asia is a continent &amp; Japan, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, etc are part of that continent. Smh.


"Marijuana will be recreationally legal in Colorado tomorrow (1/1/14)  8:00am."  played 3 Sinatra songs in the course of the programme. you can tell he lurves him. one of the reasons I lurve Iggsy Iggs, really.


 pretty good .....between 5-6hours every day on sunny Mallorca  you thank you so much for compliments and nice words=***************


 Oh dear - your tweet shows how tired you are. Have a good sleep! ;)


Today is Small Friday, tomorrow Biggest Friday, actually it's Monday and Tuesday and I thought it's Saturday.  


 Some packages install cron scripts to take care of it. At least the PHP5 packages on debian/ubuntu.


Best of Paris Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2013-14     by 


Practising hard for Monday! Off to England on Sunday :)


If you want to get arrested and banned from a country, talk to  and he'll help you out.


Got promoted to 2 star masters in hearthstone. It feels bad to be betraying Scrolls like that, but it's just so shiny.


Cool or creepy?  British Airways Billboard Tracks Airplanes as They Fly Overhead  via 


 really ? :DDDDD  I always  , because i have more friends on it .. and tell me.. how is your name on fb?  i want to add you


     or more, im usually ready fast :-)))))


  Hahah, never in a milion years...:/ but thank youuu :]] xX


the very last song of the gig...is always so SPECIAL 


All I need is to ban Riven and I am "counterless(?)" &lt;3


Omg nearly busted by the youngest one who came home early...and once again he surprises me w his flawless english while i am so awkward jfc


 [asucct ni teh onsw] (1971) Daniel D. Halleck c:USA poin: 18


 Jawaban benar: the amazing mrs. holliday,  25/333604 poin


 pleaseee follow me and    we love youu,  CZECH REPUBLIC! p


My next pet will be a cat (again) and I'll call it DISNEY


 Nick, were you born in Leeds? Am not from the UK and would like to know where in Yorkshire to place your accent. :)


 Looks you know it. I spent another two days with catching the error in export :)


 [nondol slkli em] (1991) Evelyn Doggart, p:drugs c:UK poin: 15


            thanks anyway, I got Eurosport 2 on firstrow.


 Hi! Do you have any plans on updating the Windows RT/8 app? I miss new snap mode a lot! Thank you, Happy New Year!


Top stuff! Ulidavaru Kandante: Theatrical Trailer - Rakshit Shetty | Kishore   


You don't have time to waste energy now, so steer clear of any... More for Sagittarius  launched yesterday on Czech market. We're glad to be communication partner!  it always makes me mad when i write something but then something happens (like accidentally refreshing the page or some error)


 driving back from Edinburgh, is it really that bad? I saw your wall 


I liked a  video from   Let's Play: Surgeon Simulator 2013 [GERMAN/HD]


It was magicaly calm and silent autumn afternoon today in Brno. Blackbirds, Robins and Wrens were singing by the river.


So, if we ask ourselves, Are we alone in the universe? It would bein spite of my diatribe about UFOs, I tell...  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x29


cashasthepoliceboxat221b: Careful John your Martin is showing  birthday syg.Tmbh yg plus plus smg cempreng kita makin sama. Jgn suka bertengkar sm adek cuyungs yah. Miss you badly  


We have this week and two days left and we haven't even started studying for our finals.. 


Anyone else heading to  .NET dev meetup today?  Fuchsia Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated  Pendant Earrings   


Yesterday's dramatic ORTambo plane landing, skillful work by SA23 crew reminded me to be grateful for the uneventful ones 


I wish I could have a  now :) although I'm scared, I can't wait to train him and do dog sports together! Everyone stars somewhere.


This is the reason why people always seek back to their old Nokia, when their smartphone is broken.  via 


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


Use Language to Shape a Creative Culture  via 


 and that's something so beautiful when he reveals his emotions *_*


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Zdjcie: provocativewoman: natcho-cheeslie: Christmas on We Heart It.   There are no specific regulations or official shutdowns. If someone wants to work at Xmas he can do so.


Handmade shamballa bracelet with Czech glass beads   


 lmao whut? I need to listen to it too and new taeyang and other billion of new things tbh


Job opportunity: HR generalista  specialista na ZP. Are you a fit? in Prague, Czech Republic  


" I saw snacks drink a coke zero, he told me he had to watch his weight. Hurt my heart a Lil bit."


    go and do it girl!I must go out with my dog ...:( BUT I love you too girls !!!


I did some   doc fixes in en version. You can help me by correcting my english, writing about Context, Row, etc.. thanks!


I love how they haven't even tried to hide the fake    Spotify is sort of great, but all that UI/UX mess and omissions are making me wonder what they are doing


  204: 10. ReOrder &amp;  - Dream Your Dreamer (Original Mix)  


Photo: bienenkiste: Photographed by Viviane Sassen for Double magazine  or freezing? Thats the right question!     society is rotten and there's nothing we can do about it right now. It's your choice, as much as everyone else's


 [vife itusenm mrfo het ontiast] (1930) Berton Churchill, p:boss c:USA poin: 29


I've collected 65,233 gold coins!    


The  Tribute Director 2014 is Joanna Hogg, very good news!  have completed the quest 'Upgrade the Ancient Bar...' in the  game The Tribez.   


the beach nearby baekhyun's grandmother's place. OKAY CAN.


Fantastic (and somewhat scary) read on network-related failures  (fef nolplu..) | periodo is F800 16uma tempo 21:45ut  ha shouldn't that alone be enough? :D just saying


Back in time. Year 2013 with MARS. 
 -  -  te aviso si puedo ke hoy tengo ke servir el colegio


New Brochure    F2800       make my life thousand times better. Thank you for making me smile every single day  

( xx


Embracing Feedback: Advice on Social Care from KLM   via 


On the radio! 2000-2200 w/ Craig Montana The Work Out 91.90FM  15 Dec 2013, let us all send Adam Brody the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (34)


Current  condition in Prague, Czech Republic: partly clear (cloud coverage: 5/8)  


The realest people don't have a lot of friends... Just the right ones!


Annals of Internal Medicine Long-Term Multivitamin Supplementation and Cognitive Function in Men: A Randomized Trial  Kickstarter Projects We're Excited for in 2014  via 


Hi Liam from 1D
If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx
 &lt;3 y


If only I were the type of girl who could pull off dramatic colored lipsticks, I'd totally wear MAC Nightmoth and MAC Rebel 


Ukip hits the jackpot: The return of Paul Sykes is a headache for Dave. The Yorkshire millionaire (he's worth ...  free version of fraps doesn't want to work on my special windows 8. But thanks


 Grazie mille! Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. My blog:  Jawaban benar: the misfit brigade,  18/360559 poin


 od  Good job! Kedy planujete Prahu 6 a Prahu 5? Tam je to celkom bieda...  Jawaban benar: a little change,  15/5235 poin


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


           
Castle 
Stana Katic 
Ryan/Esposito 

 894


 Application For Touch ID Shows How  Secures  Information On iPhone 5s  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.88C, Marc 20.06C ac foris 4.31C vre esse.


Hey developers from  don't you know how to change my pubescent username to something different? thx  cc 


Soooo bored and hungry and bored and even more hungry. Its an endless cycle, *sigh*


911 controlled demolition false flag a tough issue: shows US rogue elements military intel make USA aggression world war empire rogue state


Good win tonight S/O to my coach and teammates for trusting me to knock down big shots. Enjoy then back to the film room. Alot of work to do


 I'll talk to Sebastian and  about doing something in Berlin. Too much good beer stuff going on there. CC 


0000 (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut  nigga  o tla go betela leino....remember him,a star in the making


Merry Xmas eve from  time to smoke some weed and fuck some bitches!  to Google Search Bot my site is now on the first page of Google:    


The health consequences of performance-enhancing drugs  christmas cantik  thankyou buat dinner dan acara christmas eve nya! Titip salam buat papi mami cici ya bell!:*


Omfg whut they are crying and i cant even watch??? TTTTTTwTTTTTT


 Jawaban benar: the hollywood knights,  21/3583 poin


Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           471


Nov 17, 24th anniversary of Velvet Revolution: neonazi marching freely thru Prague; antifascists blocked by police   you are very beautiful kat, I love you xo...


I've collected 19,780 gold coins!    


 Because the keyboard starts slightly to the left of the screen edge.


Outstanding!!! 65daysofstatic - Safe Passage:  via 


 is around 250 and I'm reading the short one because I couldn't fit the longer one so I don't know if I can use this one.


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 oh you're so lucky I cant (nooooooooooooooooo) 
do you think they will repeat it on TV tomorrow or so?


 Katy Perry,you're my first person who I follow on twitter.Thank you.I love you.


unbelievable and simply no words for Jean-Claude Van Damme in "The Epic Split"    Putin indoctrinated with the so-called "Habesha appointment culture"? BBC News - Russia: Why is Putin always late?  screw it, I'm just gonna fail my Latin test, pointless to study now


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 21.13C ac foris 4.0C vre esse.


3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by  honestly cannot subject anyone else to reading the thesis. it's just way too fucking long to be proofread by....anyone really.


We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.  Plato 


au, Nastya :*  Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG)  Science Museum Goes Online with 3D Printing  


What a strange roof on this abandoned building  Emerald Green and Yellow Jade Framed Glass Gold Polished Earrings   


Google Agency Day odhalil nov Google Partners program  [alads adez] (2009) Laura Bates, p:mourning c:USA poin: 10


The sound it made when Sharkeisha punched that random female LMAO
   tak fotka je z Jesenice...stari 3 mesice...tak asi updatujou postupne .-)


cann't wait before Xmas... Wondering what will be present from 


But seriously though, can anyone remember life before Netflix?


wearethemakersofmanners: things which are Definitely Not Allowed: mary dies baby dies mary and john split...  just unlocked the Build a Resume badge on   via 


 Exactly, especially how relaxed we were in possession and showed great workrate on the other hand


Sometimes I regret not going to our first cheer dance practice. I would've been a lean cheer leader by now. *sigh*


Lb se mi video   An Astronaut's Guide to Movember


 lol 10km easy la compared to 42! Go and run with ur hwa chong juniors abit la. Sure fit one lol


Infographic: What You Look Like to a Social Network  via 


I've collected 13,327 gold coins!    


Handmade framed  Glass star bracelet   


Go to clear the iPad history and what was my kid looking at? Bathing Suit videos on YouTube   


Cheney sisters publicly clash over gay marriage
   I don't care if he's evil or not, I only care about waiting when he finally drops his wife from the tower.


 i see, thanks for the advice, i hope ill get it soon :)


Just thought you'd all like to know that there are Uggs for dogs. 


 finally i can listen to  such an amazing song     two 5th Doctor stories left now :-( I hope Planet of Fire is lighter, sandwiched between Resurrection &amp; Five's last stand, it better be


When I'm going to bed, hearing  of   :)


   Norman Love like you! His charm is a fun way admire you so much! I hope one day you learn it!


     all deserve a hearty  for their inspiration. D.S.


 Predictions 2014!

   AND   eth ssanpirda' userc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the spaniard's curse


Thanks to  and  for waking up so early this morning and talking about the workflows they use at  


" 75% patients in Germany are ready to make their medical data accessible if it'd make the care better  I saw that happening on my channel too... Weird thing is that there is no checkbox either :/


Jan Amos Komensky: an educational reformer  Prague Blog  via 


I liked a  video  Christopher Hitchens - The Best of the Hitchslap


Beer after a long day. Prague is fabulous ( Pas Platz)  Just downloaded "New World Sound &amp; Thomas Newson -" by   -  (via 


Hurts when som1 u care about hurts you. U can't just brush it off ur shoulder like the rest


My feelings been hurt for weeks mfs don't even kno it


You just accepted the defeat, and just like that, with your bags packed, you were gone and became nothing but a memory.


Another night crying! How I wish I was far far far away from this place.


 well that was depressing. 120 min. of stuff going wrong and everyone !SPOILER! dying.


OOAK Earrings Emerald Green and Rose Colored by prettyinprague2  via 


pretty annoying that ask.fm shows you how many people are following you but not who jeez ps   ya know you want to


Great game men, he'll of a fight!        Well, it's 5:30 PM here so all three are home...


antenna RT  [Preview] 131121 Yixing at HK Airport cr: HoneyBunny_  ok...stupid work for the last 2 hours and something. I really WON'T miss it. How about you?


Hey  please go to hell with your Early Bird limitations. Thank you.


 your welcome, don't ever underestimate your potential. You got this!


The last couple of months were the worst in my life and now Michael... Well I know that I'll do everything to make 2014 outstanding. 


 Niall look what I have just cooked... your fav pizza   Bridge, evening,   Charles Bridge, evening,   ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 51


Definitely fan of the title view. And swipe gestures on mobile, too! "The new title-only and card views"  via 


New artwork for sale! - "Lady With A Glass" -    judgement day, the Lord and Sustainer of men shall be well informed of what one had done nd wat punishment or reward one deserved


American Veteran Seized by North Korea During a Tour Returns Home 


 IHHH!!! MEREKA BELUM BERSAMA!! Haruto kan cuman ngelamar, BELOM NIKAH!! Lagian anak kcl yang mirip Haruto sama L-11 gmn?


last school day and than winter breaks for 2 weeks 


After a huge success of the first edition in March 2013, it was decided that De Hamit Session will celebrate its...  INI!!  ,     ft  .
come to  starts 6pm . 


I unlocked 5 World of Warcraft achievements in World of Warcraft!  isn't good at french. His grandma taught him but nop not his thing


 tanisha is a arrogant women who thinks she is better than all other contestant who donot hav a family background like her 


 rof teh telit tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: for the title


Must not forget to buy tickets for Depeche Mode! This ain't something I'd forgive myself!


Only a few weeks till am 23 years old. No degree yet, no baby, no car, no house and still single!


Crowdfunding und Digital Media is out!  Stories via   


Parallel rant: people not saying "Christmas" is neither a "war" nor "persecution." Everybody just cool out.


 I seriously need to go to Miami this isn't a joke anymore


So, how real is China's growth? GDP alternatives shed some light: RT    Have also written many articles for  but not my agency. Now am on vacation, not much on Twitter.


 Irl totally rocks. Dude, how many kids do you have that you have to number them?!


Can an App Change How Students Prep for College Admissions?   - what the EU can do to support the protestors on the Maidan - ST Visa Liberalisation.  OK/OE5HFM/P (Hermann) on OK/JC-049 (Krov hora, 828m, 6pt) 21.277 ssb: CQ SOTA together with Monica OE5MOM [via SpotSMS] [OE5HFM]


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 dzusga


 io'okcn hiwt sagg tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: cookin' with gags


iyaa kaka:( RT  Jangan hanya wish-wish and wish percuma wish klo gak ada usahanya sama aza boong keulezzzz


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


  
Liam wrestling, Liam - balloon smash, fitness studio - video
Liam &amp; Harry hour, SOML live, paul caryed them


     how was ur day bb? hope it went well


 "Oh men, that was night! I look like zombie now, look at those ears. OK, no more dandelion wine!"


The stunning 3D printed Quixotic Divinity Headdress by Joshua Harker  


 Just Announced: Veltruby, Czech Republic - Feb 2 at KD  aye yo dog my phone died and I missed my pittsburg train but I'm on my way home



Thanks Again, 
I think so, I will send you the link when I find the whole movie I was searching for some monthes 
from now


My custom beanie by hedvikamikesova ! Lets hope it will bring me luck,because after 24hours I didnt   too bad they're still separate licences.


Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait but it's even more difficult to regret.


Is eBay Planning to Launch Its Own Virtual Currency?  ah, thanks for the complete and precise answer!


 be mindful of where they fall, you don't want to step on them


 It's such a tenuous thing, this venturesome experiment. Removed as it   Nate Johnson- Associate Director for Special Interest Communities and Faculty Initiatives at Columbia University (breath)  :)


 idek we were 1st row and he was sweating like an animal:D


 was the nicest example that machiavellism in politics can be beneficial and not ugly. If only more countries produced such leaders


The Lede: American Who Killed for Irans Revolution in 1980 Resurfaces in C.I.A. Spy Drama 


LBarnyard just admitted to not washing her hands after peein


It is impossible to worship God without gratitude, and it is impossible to be grateful while clinging to self-sufficiency. 


    "$year will be the year of Linux on desktop",    15


Today stats: 6 followers, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via  yep it was good...and "what is love" remains my fave song from them


To buy or not to buy? I have the credit card na. Temptation is in my blood.lol


novinka na pult: World of WarCraft 2
176 str. 399,-

Druh dl fantasy sgy ze svta hernho megahitu. Druh...  lsta fo teh buneacresc tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: last of the buccaneers


"4 minutes? That's ages! What if I get bored? Or need a television, a couple of books. Anyone for chess? Bring me knitting." --8th Doctor


 please follow me and  we love you so much. You are us energy to life !!  aaaa


Photo: All of time and space, everywhere and anywhere, every star that ever was. Where do you want to start?...  Ima conclude that y'all don't follow any. Thanks.


Half of en aren't even topics that they chose to write on. Shit some of them aren't even written by the artist.


 that's also not bad ;) Do you have a Christmas tree in your class?


Handmade Czech Square Glass Beads and Rhodium Plated Corn Stud Pendant Earrings.   


  But still ponies right? Trust me, when they want to shut it down they can. You know what happened to those others


6GB Patch for  Hello  I understand that the game had to be finished at XB1 launch; but thats ridicolous...


Handmade Miyuki Orange beads Earrings   


Girl Instagrams Her Journey From Anorexic to Fitness Role Model  from wher did you have this t shirt??  sorry for my english


Anyone else working on app for  NFC Master mission? 


 Ha! Here's hoping that one day soon you can start charging them *LOL* (sorry for unnecessary 'r' on 'you' in previous tweet)


" If your girl goes to all of your games and only watches for you, she's a keeper!"


    u always feel safe, when uve a person, wholl take care of u no matter what


OEF Europe 2014 News: New York Death Metal Kings on the BATTLEFIELD for the first time...   get under my bedsheets it's neither cold nor lonely and i'll try my best about depressing


"Dancing is wonderful training for girls, it's the first way you learn to guess what a man is going to do before he does it."


I act a ass when in bout to get a shot , I be pushin they hands and moving my arm lol , I'm toooo old for that .


Gain knowledge through experience in victory and defeat.


Our reluctancy to attack in this game is really annoying 


Nov domny - registrovat budete moci napiklad internet.guru nebo football.equipment  playing Big Business Deluxe for Android      Santo Domingo de la Calzada to Bilbao - I'm planning to walk from Pamplona to Santo Domingo this Spring, f...  JFK assassination souvenir: is this in good taste?: If that building looks familiar, today of all days, you...  parents keep this framed on the wall. It's a poem written and illustrated by my brother."  Corporate Imagefilm (Deutsch):  via 


 You're Lost Little Girl von The Doors auf  &lt;3  29 Dec 2013, let us all send scar Andres Rodrguez Maradiaga the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (71)


 [amsn' ltecas] (1933) Walter Connolly, p:toy c:USA poin: 12


Let's compare. It's our office belle ) May be your Christmas tree is unique too?   we forget that as we grow older, out parents are growing even older. We need to appreciate them more


Photoset: happy-thought: Two little interviews (x), (x)  remember that you have a lot of brazilian arianators like me ok? follow me ilysm 11


Would you bum a 10-year-old a smoke? Does your answer change if you smoke? (via    Maybe if you had a different last name people would pronounce it correctly


Laura Veirs - Don't Lose Yourself (+Playlist):  via  


 Yaznzdaki tm tespitlerinize katlyorum.Kk bir katk1 milyar dolarlk yolsuzluun ortaya kmas iyi bir ey deil mi?


Likas sa babae makitid ang utak kaya ang dapat gawin namin ay unawain kayo :D


 Would suggest using 13.04 and then upgrade to 13.10 if it has to be the newest. If not then use 12.04 LTS - no worries


Are you a good fit for this job? Software Configuration Specialist - Senior in Brno, Czech Republic  


how do i change my profile cover cover? (like the super back cover? &gt;_&lt;


 now learning how to lay tiles! Reconsidering my course choice


US: "House Committees begin process to shape an Internet era Communications Act" -  syg:* RT  Happy birthday  wyatb bep panjang umur,tambah cantik;)


it's 1 hours 45 minutes long and I'm only on 7th minute and I'm already scared for some time


10 places you never thought you could afford: 2013 edition  I'm sorry but on my computer there's o accents :P Instead of it I have        


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


4.1 &gt; Thank you Dearie. You know I'll always be there for you. Hope you'll remind yourself to be stronger and endure the heartaches. ILY!


Health Website Official Tells of White House Briefings


 "Made in Czechoslovakia" :) Co tim chtel autor vyjadrit?


they're about economic spying, social control, and diplomatic manipulation. They're about power.".... Colonize,  exploit,  rule the (3/4)


  Sounds like it will b a great article. I am looking forward to it.


Mariah Carey's "All I want for Christmas is you" instantly gives +100 to mood around this time


Your name is sweeter than honey on my lips, your name is power in every circumstance, Jesus in your name we'll make mountains disappear!


 is just awesome. I enjoy the way it enables me to work with emails. Looking forward to the desktop version.


Death toll now 18. RT  Volgograd train station explosion video:    


In memory of Lee Van Cleef who was born on January 9th, 1925 and died on December 16th, 1989.


I have completed the quest 'Chop down the Big ...' in the  game The Tribez.   


17 Great Hot Chocolate Recipes for Christmas that Your Family Will Love | Style Motivation  Killers more Coldplay more Nirvana and everything's gonna go good


I just bought: 'The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business' by Charles Duhigg via   por 11 contas The Walking Dead  


I miss talking to the best  xx John you are so good! :)


Pleased how Spain and Argentina and Bolivia are working together for a better Horizons program!  Great potential...  [eno arye in a fiel fo crmei] (1989) Mike c:USA poin: 27


Child language development: Language activities for   


  thanks for the support guys, means a lot &lt;3


 eh tak happy makan banyak eh? Jangan lah tak happy, happy lah biar tak makan banyak hehe


 Check out these App Store presentation tips. I bet you can use them for quiz fortune.
 There go that comeback I tweeted about..."hell yea


" As promised!!! My big news!!!! Read all about it :))))...  Wowiiiie! Brilliant news! Congrats! xx


 hi - would be great if i could welcome you soon following me on my twitter account here. best &amp; merry x-mas!


WTF with the   on the Android? I want to read not to be constantly annoyed by agreeing w terms&amp;conditions and useless sync messages!


PCB will present the city's new incentive support to large conventions at today's press conference at EIBTM....  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via  harsc i:dnocbato epadwr tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: crash bandicoot: warped


According to  Lindsey Vonn has reportedly been hurt in a training crash this morning in Colorado..  think it's cute that I calculate not only the years but the days too 


60$ for  vs  strange feelings about this bet! lets go Taeja  


 Thanks for following! I write travel about Czech Rep. and E. Europe mostly. Check out my blog at  week on twitter: 1 New Followers, 12 Replies, 1 Retweets, 55 Retweet Reach. via  Protest proti stereotypu, dokte se. Comming soon.  delivery under 30 minutes? Let's use some drones!  


  i meant between the two. I'd love Nokia Camera on everything ;)


The Future of Facebook Ad Revenue: Small Businesses  upshot is:Half A Dozen sisters; Several Tall Women and a Bus Load of Gents from Verona. Anyone got any other suggestions?


Vote for your favourite  Czech company here  until 2 January


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               9


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 jhk


Tired not even in my vocab at the moment. Might see the damn sun.


        Internet Crashes Nelson Mandela's Memorial Service  and my family, friends, the ordinary people... ehh...    Day The Girls Will Cry (Ioka Remix) - Teaser by  via   let the  take me under sometimes I sit up all night dreaming I'm Trynna get my name out like Stevie...ohh I wonder am I dreaming


Thought it was Jack on the photos, happy he finally managed to meet Harry, after last fail, even if this sounds and looks proper crazy.


Good morning to everypony on this glory Friday ! Time to get up!  tady si o ns mete post!
//
You can read about the festival here too!...  I think it's absolutely fantastic &lt;3 You guys make the world such a better place! :) /cc 


I can write poetry that artfully utilizes the phrase "skeet skeet skeet" but I can't prepare a dinner that doesn't taste like leftovers.


one person followed me // automatically checked by  mir gerade The day of the Doctor bei    


 is it just me or are you the smartest person ever??


      Good talking to you all!


Lb se mi video   The Most Intense Videos From Syria Part 4


Ah Lotus Notes, I nearly was able to forget you, but we meet again 


One beautiful day in mountains with my bestiees  shamballa bracelet with agate and Swarovski disco ball   


           might just ride this one out 9 months till next season


Baba si podila hafana. Netute co by to mohlo bejt?     That's why I'm not sharing mine too much.
You don't know what dark secrets this Lemon have.


"I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What did I call it, Kiff?" 
"Ugh... sexlexia."



   Thoughts unspooled and words as yet unwritten, rumaging in closets, some   just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               153


Portuguese Business Delegation intends to enter Indonesian market  maps for Android failed epic, routing me to "herderhalle, pirna, Germany" had a long walk ... Could have been shorter ...


I didn't know na may ganun na palang issue. Now I know! -_-


nice =;-)        


Was out walking 2.74 km with  See it here:  [odencilenok aadecr] (1992) Andrea Lively c:USA poin: 18


Ephesians 6:24     Gods grace to all of you who love our Lord Jesus Christ with love that never ends.


Omg, ty nov repro. Wow primus, very bass, such sound...wow. 


 no that is right... I am 25!   ;)
 Yup married with 2 kiddos


. getting rid of all titles and managers - still an exception in business world. It is only people who work in orgas 


so who works full day saturday tomorrow again? =^= buuut i have wonderful 9 hrs sleep ahead orz so gn~ &lt;3


 [npkw-i ii] (1986) Jerry Butler, p:spoof c:USA poin: 9


I voted for Castle for Best Couple 2013 in    kannst auch cool modden das Ding dank ssh root access


 het paotyachre tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the apothecary


I hate when people turn all the way around in their seat and stare at me when I'm having a conversation. Like I'm not talking to you


15  Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


After party After party After party After party After party After party After party After party After party After party After party


 [dulvreboa of bkenor sedarm] (1988) Kevin Miles, p:theater c:Australia poin: 26


hey  how does 'does' turn to 'is' on-the-fly?


23 Vote for the greatest couple ever. Pls RT.
Castle/Beckett  


Less is more. You don't need to upload 200 photos of you and your friends eating Doritos.


One of our Artists, too: Ushuaia*boys

 our sounds on...  day tomorrow. Nervous, but at the end if they day I as long as I do my best, it's all good.


Masira : Pukul 11 dah

Kimberly : So?

Masira : It's time for lunch 
            Terpengaruh -.- 
            Bubble Guppies




Do good to others because that defines you, eventhough you are mistreated. Good character defines you the best man.


 I stopped believing in it since it changed words in english to words in polish and every sentence had at least one


 aw I'm sorry :( but you're doing Melbourne at least?


Calling Nelson Mandela a terrorist is an entirely uninteresting criticism.


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Pixie snuggling to Libby .       Those criticizing the suicidal chap need to understand that it can happen to ANYONE. One cop wrote about it:  our  about to set sail en route to Linz,  ( Viking Danube)  /// Letim jako ptk /// (Official video) 1028:  via 


Kadang2 saya rasa saya macam patung tau tak . Entahla,tak tau kenapa


And for the record  includes Pernell Karl. (Subban)


And another hope is gone, yearning for something.


 Yes, you are more than welcome to form groups. Good luck!


Look Leigh Lezark: Ano, nebo ne?

Foto: Rex Features (  was in            procrastinate during the holiday.. this is basically kind of like a test but for design.. designing one.. duh and it takes forever


 same here!!! can not wait... wondering what will be Xmas present.. whats is your prediction?


Digging in your heels and maintaining your current emotional p... More for Taurus  remind of somethin I don't know what it is right now


BBC Sherlock`s Theme Melody by David Arnold is my new jam. Listen:  Sisters, Empire of the Sun, Depeche Mode...and a snow and bad weather ain't a problem, off to Albert :))


If we hosted a 3v3 bo3 $5 a team who would actually join? Tweet us saying yes if you would


Didn't realise someone could lower their  standards so much ?!   


I would do other things if I would be a girl for a day *hrrhrrhrr*  liked a  video  Katharine McPhee - It's Not Christmas Without You


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


 I don't know maybe, maybe not because our language is weird and English is beautiful ^^


 The world is indeed full of peril and in it there are many dark places. But still there is much that is fair.  


Impromptu first class train journey from Budapest to Prague, such a good day


 Classic- and the gorgeous  princess  was in that video- right?


Has anti-immigration feeling peaked?: Is the tide turning on immigration? Step away from the image of a Britai...  i am using Ustream.. i will try your link.. *sigh


 Thanks for getting the ball rolling and being our very first Kickstarter backer !! We appreciate it!  remaking of PPP by I.A Rehman sab Must read
 
 for accomodation in Bilbao, Spain for my ERASMUS stay. Any tips where to find proper housing?


 "is having a work anniversary." congrats! ;-)  


I've collected 15,519 gold coins!    


It's international week next week!   Riverside School  wrongs! Over 500 world-famous authors sign anti-surveillance petition
 Jawaban benar: space sentinels,  15/2892 poin


OS Tizen bude uren i pro low-end smartphony, auta a lednice  mobilmania.cz


 [a c'nkine rpyta] (1937) Charlie McCarthy c:USA poin: 15


The Five Characteristics of Successful Salespeople  via 


Anime Hentai Comics - Where guys suddenly come in a girls room while the girl completely undresses herself for no reason at all


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


Ad Analytics: Make Your Message Loud &amp; Clear:  via 


Lbat ruce! Rdio Playlist as CSV - Neil Loknath  pes 


bohemian night life is a poor substitute for happiness.   Jonathan Rhyrs Meyer


Spoon pendant with polymer crystal clay and Swarovski crystals   


 b..to. tbaarop tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: bot... parabot


Mia Sollis - High Maintenance:   Mia Sollis is a sexy redhead that we know you are going to love. She is the k...  (nolf nolplu..) | periodo is 0800 16uma tempo 23:15ut  stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 2 people via  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 20.81C, Marc 21.06C ac foris 1.94C vre esse.


 yllailllac tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: callalilly


Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best. - Woody Allen 


  oi u little bitch man the fuck up u her me or i'll take ur balls and give them to someone who can make use of em


Baby when you touch me I can feel how much you love me and it just blows me away


My moms not saved  she just asked me to play some Christian music for her. HECCCCK YEAH! ??


Milan Hlavsa a The Plastic People Of The Universe - Muchomrky Bl  having pizza for dinner and it's making me think of   


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  I love it too. Also X-men first class. Hopefuly later this week I'm go to see Counselor.


 You've been there too? I've never seen her before (and I'm no opera expert)... but liked her pretty much. Wonderful performance.


 are you in the states? It's pretty early in the morning there. Being awake sounds shitty


Celebrating 75 year old birthday of veru's grandmom, rocking her gangsta chain and looking young   favourite: Until Now by Swedish House Mafia  


I'm at Four Seasons Hotel Prague -  (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha)  Psychology says, the longer you hide your feelings for someone, the harder you fall for that individual." Well god damn :/.


Photo At the end of the tunnel is dark by Jakub Fiedler   15 Nov 2013, let us all send Henry Corra the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (58)


Isinbayeva wants 5 minutes alone with  on "a very personal matter."   him 2day&amp;he'll let you watch.  they've still got the Christmas decorations here so it's lush! Such a pretty city 


I have Cafeteria on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Jason Ratliff's Walking Shadow Series:     via 


 Happy Christmas especially to you, bb! In my very busy days you are my eye into Johnny's world! Thank you! 


  m sure about that one, question is will he be welcumed back w open hands or siza mlahla njengabo Gidza


Don't wanna break your heart I wanna give your heart a break I know you're scared, it's wrong Like you might make a mistake


Newham Generals - Passion (Official Video):  via 


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle 
                                               407


Suarez ready to face bite victim Ivanovic at Stamford Bridge  via 


 mine tends to stay in last phase. Then "Ok, work." "Yay I did something!" and  back to "Ow no one cares" again. Sucky mind.


 when are you coming to an eurotrip to prague :D


this length was kinda cool i'll get back to that yes  you stayed at our property recently? What did you think?


Mugshots from the 1920s are Significantly Cooler Than Mugshots from Today  via 


Our Vt Bene asks  "Can Europe preach democracy? Can it teach on consensus given our economic situation?"


 So hilarious :D If I ever own a dog, it would be a Lab.


 [eht laer ewst] (1992) Joseph Musso, p:gunfighter c:USA poin: 13


 Haha okay ;) Last pic for now cause I have to go to bed. I'll keep posting in a few hours.  [ibn mli aim nhcig] (2002) Gigi Lai, p:police c:Hong Kong poin: 17


 just wanted to say THANK you for everything! I have a bad time right now but bc of u I still can smile every day 25


 Italian  Giuseppe Devastato in  -     Jeste mam zasobu Fever Tree, ale ten Elderflower od TH chci vyzkouset. Par lahvicek si taky vezmu.


pagi ini disambut dengan pecahan kaca dr pigura foto dikamar. whats going on? :(


Lets play Castlevania - Aria of Sorrow - part 15 (German):  ber 


Ain't no bond stronger in the universe than twin bond tbh ;~;


Still think that it's a bit cruel, that the nurse at the centre hopes to see you soon. You hope my pokemon will suffer?...bitch. 


Proofread carefully, to see if you any words out.


Both great brands with beautiful products. Now owner of both...  aul ulang tahun :* Happy b'day wish you all the best.. It's your day make a spesial day for you *peluk* 


"My kids are getting violent when they play computer games." Read the interview with Dr. Konstantin Mitgutsch  


Google asked to delist criticism of cartoonist Donna Barstow - Boing Boing  dihapusin smsnya siimut sms lain hapusin aja mas RT" Kebanykan sms nich hapenya"


This Ramsey's "hot streak" is taking quite long, isnt it? PURE CLASS 


Can I just please stay in my bed the rest of the break?


Many churches and museums in Prague display several nativity scenes as a reminder of the birth of Jesus in...  I am, harder it is to impress me. Is there any app or game which you think I will be impressed with?


 [isvehr] (2006) Ravindra Mankani, p:one-night c:India poin: 6


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  I wish it'd be projects.. this is basically my timetable and there's more of art related subjects than the  with  Sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry, Toho beads   


My Top 3  Artists: Pretty Lights (38), Placebo (9) &amp; BoySetsFire (3)   wa so track is ur SECONDARY thing now la? traitor ttm sia!!!


I would like to hear "Better Together" by Fifth Harmony please? Thank you 


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.44C, Marc 21.38C ac foris 8.19C vre esse.


Betty Bizarre &amp; Gerry Verano - Hot Nights In Miami (Vocal - Mix) - Teaser by Gerry Verano  se mi video   Universal Religion 2013: Psy-Trance Party in the Nepali Mountains


TV Beitrag: Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Local School Visit...  of Women's World  Championships in CZ calls off controversial "beauty contest" over SWE &amp; IFF protests. Good!


Tablets Are Becoming More Important Than Smartphones For Online Shopping, But Retailers Aren't Ready  via 


 [wihongr:dtl 30 sayer ot feli] (1998) Robert L. Hall c:USA poin: 28


What's the difference between 'fat chance' and 'slim chance'?


so pioneer is 2 years old, you know what i'm gonna listen to all day, happy pioneer day!  susunod nga wag na magplano, magyaya na lang on the spot. Haha.


Glad that i've bought all of the christmas presents in time


Lighting facts: Did you know that 70% of lightbulbs in the U.S. are still inefficient models? : TreeHugger  Rhymes, Kanye West, Q-Tip a Lil Wayne v novm videoklipu Thank You. Check it ...  glass beads handmade earrings "Reds"   


9 Book Recommendations Based On Your Favorite Social Media Platform  just entered to  &amp; you can too: "NETGEAR Gaming-Paket". Enter the  here:  beset by revenues allegation:  


 It irritates me so bad when I see girls fighting over piece of shit guys. Like y'all, open your eyes.


 Mufti  says woman seen with him in steamy video was his wife by nikah.  j a Soal :)
    Snowden stashed doomsday cache as insurance policy against harm  someone go and close the window for me i'm too lazy


Being able to apply multiple filters on single session needed for  


 Jawaban benar: blackbeard's ghost,  18/326328 poin  1/365672 poin


6 Ways to Attract Recruiters to Your LinkedIn Profile  via 


Handmade Emerald Glass and Ancient Motif Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


Are there minimum age requirements for retirement homes?


Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via   amazing guy, always smiling! Keep it up, RoGro!


 Sorry missed the proceedings of modern Dharna. So how many Pashtuns spoke from the rostrum today?NONE but a Dalda Pashtun


 on fire again! This is what I call athletic achievement! 


 Jawaban benar: room to move,  12/341973 poin  1/3138 poin


so...people keep recommending me to watch Luther. for different reasons, incl. McGann. I guess I should finally do it. soon. 


Xvideos com - solving your emotional imbalance and insomnia problems.


 dont push urself too hard.. rest when its time to rest. Dont consume those energy drink.. keep healthy.. we love you~


The Hobbit was really cool. Now onto the second part


 wahooooo look at you what a good man let me know if you need anything 
Looking forward to seeing you soon buddy
Thanks


   Update Rolling Out Today, Brings  Integration to 46 More Countries.  death total for November hits over 900  officials
 too much, never thought id understand what that meant, til now


I liked a  video  BALKAN BEATS - DJ POZOR, MALALATA SOUND  KC DUNAJ, BRATISLAVA.mp4


Stress. Hari tu kena kacau dgn family Indon. Hari ni chikaros Indon.


I'm at Praha | Prague (Praha, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 2 others  liked a  video from   noizmaker zeigt Electronic Super Joy


Just heard about  for infrastructure testing, which uses  and   just finished a 4.00 km run with a pace of 5'41'' with Nike+ Running.  


 does the recent drop of the nation`s year on year inflation rate reflect the standards of living in ZIMBABWE? 


eBay Makes Same-Day Delivery Service Free for Holidays  completed the mission 14 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!   do you have a new link? the other one still pops up w/ the same error message


New Logotype and Signage: Pikseli designed by  via BP&amp;O  -  LOL OMG... It was a superb performance... my jaw was dropping when watching it..


 Jawaban benar: the andromeda strain,  20/320070 poin  1/500 poin


let me shub my head into the wall and let me stay there for awhile


"Women are like fruits Every woman has her own unique taste &amp; colour The problem is with men..They seem to love fruit salad."


Found this in my bed upon arrival home. She looks so peaceful but I'll never sleep again.   i love the pics too and also his dark long hair :)


Do You Like, Link, or Tweet? | Switch and Shift  via 


 I don't think so many would have pre-ordered having read this, might not even happen due to Card companies.


  LAUREN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME AND  PLEASE? MEANS SO MUCH FOR ME I LOVE YOU  +l


I'm nat a serial killer, rapist, bully, mad belieber, or anything like that... In fact, I am a quite friendly person.


           *gives you lot of warm fuzzy hugs* Be strong wuffie.


 whoa that much?! Wow now I'm glad for our prices o_O If it was like that than I'd probably much rather just walk to where I need


It's my own fault because i'm low on sleep but that doesn't change the fact that going too school wouldn't be any good


come on  beat the Bengals. hoping for an awesome matchup and a SD win!   


I've collected 73,700 gold coins!    


Check out new work on my  portfolio: "Autrio - web design"  Yeah. The company I work for is located in downtown Seattle, so I came a week earlier to stay at the office.


I've collected $12252! Think you can do better?    


For a Bianconeri Christmas, take part in Juve Xmas and choose your decoration to add to the Juventus fans tree!  with medical costs:    


Inside the  of dominicanes  cloister     Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Czech glass beads handmade earrings "Amber"   


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video  od autora   Monstercat - The Best of 2013 Album Mix


NeilMed sinus rinse kit to ease sinus and asthma trouble:    


Vyborna definice power jogy je,  ze se zamyslite s cinkama v ruce:-)


  "I don't give a shit if we're about to be vaporized! Take it to the lobby!"


 latex fashion with FREE made to measure service and chlorination.   You know, I am a huge fantasy books fan :) Well, huge fantasy fan generally.


I'm invested in  (e)TAXTERRY on the Empire Avenue Social Market  


The Tribez is a great game! Try to become a tribal leader!    


this  is my loving favourite! get it!        final Black Friday week offer is half price velvet drawstrings! These are current stock and we are offering a...  [eht caphemne] (1923) Wallace Howe, p:children c:USA poin: 12


 Jawaban benar: bill cosby on prejudice,  23/328588 poin  1/6973 poin


I just took action demanding justice for Ihar Tsikhanyukan. Won't you join me?  Bass Strings at High Shutter Speed Are Completely Spellbinding      oh this weekend bout 5 as everything i do is ahead as basically baking


   Waris Mir sab, the father of Hamid Mir was also the victim of Liaqt baloch when the latter was Nazim Punjab univ.


 [eth trsa tesisnw] (1931) Russell Hopton, p:murder c:USA poin: 16


 [gbi shif] (2003) Alison Lohman, p:flashback c:USA poin: 8


" the moment when  gave  a birthday cake in the face...    hell yea and our roommates better not have a problem with that


Baby Monitor 3G Thanksgiving sale !! 80% Off Mac version and 25% Off iOS version. More details on our blog  I think Paul Pogba just wanted to have an increase of his salary to 15k, but the gaffer didnt agree with it. 15 or 50 not sure


No idea what to do with  Maybe this article helps you to sort things out:    sorry madam out of da total 45 min 35 min he spends ridiculing gauhar and kaushal !!!!


Interactive Christmas exhibition for children
30.11.2013 - 16.2. 2014, GUD - Art Gallery for children, Franz...  last time i cried was when han told me she wanted(or still does? I don't know) to do a thing huh


Good night all ASL. Minum teh dulu sebelum bobo yukk:p   can't wait, soooo excited to watch again.... Really missed you yesterday!!! Xxxx


Good morning, Prague! :)  07:54, noon 11:58,  16:01 CET (UTC+1), December 15 | daylength 8h 6m


Everything what I wanted from  was little more of  Instead I get more of  and lot of bugs...


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett              
74


 weirdest thing. Sending a message interrupts my Apple TV video and the send noise comes through my tv... Figure that one out!


    GL guys, this time i cant be there to cheer you up :D haha.. also, that brewery looks horrible:D


Yesterday night in radebeul at the station before we go to a concert.:3  knows everything of francis memory, even the stuff he just put aside. you'd be surprised how well he handles that knowledge


 at lest, now i know, the mistake was on the side of tax office. i was only late.  


great goal from   Isn't looking all that great for  so far


KISS - The Remixes von Stephan Barnem &amp; Sara Aleksander ...   ring Polymer Clay Purple with Crystal clay, zirconium cubes and Swarovski chatons   


Today stats: No Elf followed me and One unfollowed me via  tweeps followed (thank you!) and 8 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  starts rolling out short-cuts, extremely handy 'n practical  /FB


scroll down speed free fall from office fires. ..  Steel tower in Madrid engulfed all in flames 20 hours,  yet remained standing. Of (3/4)


 Of course! Friday. Jeez. I'm getting old.Today is Wednesday and that would make tomorrow Thursday :)


Does anyone have  nearby? I ordered a soy vanilla latte in my dream and they never made it... But I really want it :D


            the year out right, paintbrush in hand.  DONT CRY DONT CRY! wa sian cannot stream :( only streaming link need a mbc acct de. dk how create. whole chunk of kor words T_T


 Lord please don't let my mom and dad be doing what I think they are 


I hope this town has some good food cuz Im starving!


 Jawaban benar: the diary of anne frank of the dead,  35/327608 poin


 Great, please unban the nsl_bansheehero thank you :)


I don't like when straight girls treat me like an experiment. -___-  you don't have a chance.


Wild Prague  Well, it is more about listening music, as you can read in our January column:  morning breakfast :-) ;-)...    watching biathlon, my favourite winter sports. IBU Worldcup Annecy.  just saw the trailer and honestly its gonna be the best film ever.   


35 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


Zdjcie: r0sy-vibes: rosy that follows back similar!  appointment with my therapist! Last time this year :)     want him RT " This is what Peter Pan looks like grown up...  you know your worth, nobody can make you feel worthless." Soo True


Has a boy Dominique, suaminy tdk terlalu peduli ... in Deutsche,blm paham motivasi ny   had some very odd dreams about riding bikes and waving and smiling and baking sugar cookies


"Sloth Bear and a Forest Ranger on a bicycle in India"  IRL  Because using  digital filters is cool.


  Doesn't matter if I'm from CZE, a least I support the manager of the club i love.


 ps4 bulls hell. 1st game, 31 with Butler double dub for Noah.


{ friday outfit }           stats: 6 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 18 people via  Hi Daryl,  up to 20% discounts on Prague Stag activities including blasting AK47 KALASHNIKOVS !!!! Contact me for info.


 [dea augeng-jm] (2003) Mi-kyeong Yang, p:korea c:South Korea poin: 13


Bohemian 60's Czech Genuine Rose Cut Garnets by prettyinprague  via 


Why there's a little place in my heart for Karltejn  [howooylld vbduraelo ii] (1989) John Bloom, p:sequel c:USA poin: 22


 too many tough losses for  nation to swallow. Is it still learning process or smg more? mental block or just fatigue:(


The difference between a dream and a goal is a timeline


Niggas love iphones... thats that government control


 have you ever been lost in a forest ?   6


FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke: 2022 World Cup in Qatar will not be held in June &amp; July




Good morning, Prague! :)  07:34, noon 11:50,  16:06 CET (UTC+1), November 27 | daylength 8h 32m


" But When A Nigga Finna Get On Dey Azz Da 1st Person Dey Call Is Dey Homeboys...."real shit


Warsaw 07-11-13 &lt;3&lt;3         Top Talents by     via 


 I'M WATCHING IT AND I'M ABOUT TO DIE WHAT ARE THEY MY HEART AND SOUL ARE LEAVING ME BECAUSE OF THEM


Jan P. Muchow jako Santa ZZ Klaus... jo a bylo to krsn!  dalo by se to tak rict, jen na to jdeme vic pres energie a min pres topeni. Ale to se taky snad zmeni :)


 yes, when ure making pie or smth like that, cognac will add very good taste to dough. but my gf nearly killed me for that...


 ...This movie (or at least, the excerpt I've found) is awesome. I had no idea it existed!


Two million accounts compromised by 'Pony' botnet, bad passwords  review for  - 'Delicious &amp; unique experience' -  may be an important event on your calendar today but som... More for Libra  Nice. Tangled is one of ma favorites and I'm going to see Frozen next weekend.


Beyonce released her new album w/o any promotion whatsoever. All songs come w/ videos. Sometimes, no  is best marketing. 


I got this bruise on my left leg and neither do I know where it came from nor is it leaving


 well, I am expat trainer, hoping at least some trainees will come :)


Today stats: 9 followers, No unfollowers and followed 4 people via  Gets $12.5 Million to Develop the Internet of Things   of  remembers his ''green'' past   


 Say something, I'm giving up on you. I lowkey be getting teary eye when I listen to that song!!!


Victims' families file multimillion dollar lawsuits against "affluenza" teen  via 


come to me. come come to me look at what you've done to me


Tottaly got on to The Alliance hypetrain. They're dominating the first game of 


Man Croatia is dull. And I'm in the suburbs of the suburbs of Zagreb. I need to drive for half an hour to get to a cinema. fml


 oh okay . Mc ada . Insyallah if larat Esok aku datang


oh great my friend is over at her friend and she's already drunk.. well this will be one hell of a conversation ;-;


42. AyNix - Planetarium (The Ashk One Remix)  


I just voted for Game of Thrones   Retweet to vote  via 


 I don't scroll through my TL anymore  but I miss y'all!!!


Praying for a friend who lost a brother-in-law to cancer.  Her twin is now a widow with a 1yr old &amp; 3yr old child. 


We are off until 3:30 am tonight and this is the message for all who do not understand 24 hours notice :P (just...  harvested 240 of food!    


well looks like it's New York tomorrow with the Dalinas. 


   I will enjoy it very much. Im going out, looking for lavender... ;-) Thx!


 Jawaban benar: the luck of ginger coffey,  25/4506 poin


 hahahaha  That is funny hahah happy thanksgiving bro


"I work in a hospital. We use these simple metal baskets to process tissue specimens. Our hospital-m   I did use Master Renzo's words "My opponent is my teacher, my ego is my enemy" :)


Our  liveblog following protests, events in  closely:   


Compatibility of Google services with Opera is so bad that it must be intentional.


 Sometimes I just want to know what's its like to be thin 


I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "XVIII. Blues Alive 2013"  Nelson hasn't been the good try, let's put Strome to the first line. 


 Hi, you are so lucky human :3 Louis followed you  awww I will always want too 


 and every social site exploded. That is after all how I got to sherlock two years ago. Beatlemaniacs changed into SH fans.


hannah actually didn't go to sleep at 8 she's not a nerd then


one person followed me // automatically checked by  scene after where she says "i had lot's of fun doing this"
&gt;tfw you know she's lying


  :-D :-D BTW It was really complicated to change 500 note in UK, I probably looked like drug/weapons dealer...


Ptek v Blue Cafe aneb nae photo party s    fotky zde -   Lens in 5 minutes  my slides from my flash session at   ROOM 1000 COMPLETE MIX -- All 1000 videos seen in sequential order!:  via 


 does it really though? I enjoy my WiiU, but outside of ZombiU and the brilliant Nintendoland, what are the "new" experiences.


Will they blend? How to use Spring with JSF for resource bundling    I won't tell anyone cause I'm also not 18 yet xD I turn 16 next week so...almost xD Let's have some Superjuice!


Social Media Predictions for 2014 by Socialbakers' CEO  via  


 "He knows if you've been bad or good so be good for goodness' sake." ..   :-)  


1 weekly unfollower. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware - via  I ever get mad to the point I start crying the best thing for you to do is leave me alone and walk away because I will kill you !


Let the rainbow shining through my loneliness . Its gonna be another music of my life .


This i think about u more than u could ever know


 Omyl. To neni o poctu followers. Hodnotil se i obsah.


 I needed some shoes because my Dr Martens look alikes teared 'a little' so yeah. And the ones I have look amazing. But they were


What do computer experts do at weekends? Go for a disk drive.


You not a real nigga if you never had to hide in a bitch closet cause her parents came home


" When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours."


from what I've heard he won't be in his new costume for most of this story, so that reveal will take a while...


Attachment Tamer b5 pre-release compatible with OS X 10.9.1 (Mail 7.1):  the most interesting - monadic null checking!  know I'm glad I became a fan of The Killers pretty much with Day &amp; Age. I missed the days of Brandon being an ass. I only know wise...


guys, a palm cockatoo baby in Prague zoo:  just click on the vid. :)  


Paaarty             se mi video   Guru Josh Project - Infinity (Ultra Music)


Border Hammock  By Murat Gk in Istanbul, Turkey.  What's the name of the novel / the movie? 


  - nice that you have found me! -:) (via  mne se stava to samy zvlast kdyz chyta Pavelec :-D winnipeg powa :-D


4 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 4 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you  would you like to see from Webmaster Tools in 2014?   for a Java Freelance Job in Prague? Have a look here:  1, Star poledne  Tues. 31 DEC, Song  BRYCE JANEY  LP Blues in my soul  2010  Walkin' on a live wire


Bohemian earrings with Czech glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 at Staromstsk mosteck v | Old Town Bridge Tower (Praha)  crazy weather. London has 3 ft of snow, Mount Brydges....hardly a sciff. For those wondering what a sciff is...equiv of a double frost.


 wow, that's kinda scary. my parents haven't said anything about it, i just feel bad.


Never-ending story of me getting cockblocked by everything and everyone continues =^=


great speach from 'hammer'
watch this! he's in the footsteps of paul      gives his advice on how to use social media as a marketing platform on    werhe eth auflofb roma tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: where the buffalo roam


My team has won on ' Korea - Runway'! Join us!    


 same, i'll be w friends...but hey anyway, if u have insta, mine is _minhye and there's some selcas of my face and the rest we


 no a coz teprve kdyz si objednas Cerveny tramin a prineso ti bile ;-)


I liked a  video from   Coming out to my sister live on camera!


" Can't wait to see Charlene :D I have too too much to tell her!" Makuwa aya?


 I thought you love SFM... You even posted a "not that good" animation in a single post...


News Analysis: In Filibuster Shift, Focus on a Courts Workload and Political Balance 


EFF to New York Times: Don't Get Fooled Again by Claims of NSA Spying "Legality"  hte htso tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the host


 I'll make sure to listen to it! :) And yes but I feel like it's hard to find something good here :/ you?:)


I'd rather get United than Sunderland in the league cup draw. I hate playing Sunderland so much.


Just amazing what design can do:  Transforming healthcare for children.


Don't try to wake me in the morning, coz I will be gone.


Now we know where all this cheap gold comes from. Dan pans for gold every summer.    plan for Sunday: meet 230pm bishan, walkwalk, movie, dinner at McDonald! Okay?


I liked a  video from   Overgrowth Alpha 204 changes - Wolfire Games


 haha i'm sure they are :D can't check it out now, i'm in a class but i will later :)


 di pumapasok tsktsktsk hahaha may i see the pic of your boyleeet


LVE //         Jiho hood  wonder how long it's gonna take me to thaw out?I hate taking public transit at night in the winter. On a good note I was court side 


Haha, nice! Gino Soccio - Dancer by  inside the Boiler Room right now! 


I liked a  video  Just another day in Middle-earth 


Saya cemburu ? Saya marah ? Saya risau ? Bagus kalau saya ada semua perasaan tu terhadap awak . Sebab tu tandanya saya sayangkan awak :')


   I was actually thinking if there is any way to move  to Manchester.


Weeping Angel in The Simpsons tapped  out. Not really tho  [teh hgfiitng adlbe] (1923) Walter Horton, p:dutchman c:USA poin: 18


niall horan touching his penis is the best niall  lifts instead of getting drunk on New Years'? Laugh at me, but we'll se who's complaining during summer about their body. 


 3DS-SuperMarioBrothers2+SteamWorldDig...PC-NBA2K14, CallOfChuarezGunslinger+BloodDragon,PrecipiceOfDarkness,FFVII,Wizardry8


and it's sunny and i didn't sleep at all on the bus but still can't wait til we go skiing


The death of winamp, apple betas and the magic tap  via 


Went to bed at 9pm, got up at 11.30pm cause puppy had to pee - what a huge amountof sleep ;)


 Next thing you know, you're gonna have to worry about adult stuff. Like insurance, and a mortgage.


DAMN MY EX DAMN YOU WHY ARE YOU SO PRETTY AND ALWAYS IN THE BACK OF MY MIND GOD DAMMIT  lorde


 Like many time before ;) Still Tenant was the best, but Smith is already okay... when he grew up finally :P


Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.


I liked a  video  "Heart Attack" - Demi Lovato (Sam Tsui &amp; Chrissy Costanza of ATC)


 rntho yb oetswtrnh tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: north by northwest


 - Don't use  for conversions. Just don't. 


 vai l no mexico rapidinho   Fifth Harmony


Fun fun fun... laughing feels really good after all the drama w/ Romeo and Juliet last night ;)   


  ((((when I thought our convo couldn't get better))))


If modular synths float your boat, check out what  did at the Futurelab.  why can some people not do that tho. like why. it's not that hard


Handmade Stone Beads bracelet with turquoise and metall beads   


 Yep, of course! People are drooling when I show this feature.


Bitcoin market price app, 'Bitcoin Alarm,' is carefully cloaked malware | PCWorld  happy birthday keith foo! hopes will get a chance to meet u someday &amp; surely u really enjoyed yr day with yr love ones! :)


 Christmas market (with Sigit and Susan at Hauptplatz) [vid]   just hope this feeling from past few days is right... that it won't disappear


Diz gurl rite hurr iz an amazaaang person. Such lil time &amp;' she became my homegurl! I lub &amp;' mizz  hooking up, and personally don't really *ship* Sherlock &amp; John in any way beyond them being friends but I do not think...


  Hi, can you follow me and my friend  ? :) Thanks  8


Mon, 23 Dec 2013, let us all send Dino Risi the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (97)


Was out playing squash - with  See it here:  you remember this beauty? enjoy rest of your weekend guys!      Yes,I agree,two amazing men !!!


  I do not envy Free to play product managers on $60 retail games; costs of dev &amp; market expectations are rough


 [nybeod het leap] (1999) Jason Killalee, p:immigrant c:USA poin: 15


 Here are 10 AM (Czech Republic).Nice night Adam and nice shooting more GLEE


today aint go so well.. especially when i got home !!!


I always cry, when I see how Garrett dies in movies... T.T  [eht tstrecrsoinriue] (2002) Ann Koi, p:ghost c:USA poin: 19


Nova hra od Zelvaku co spachali Left 4 dead uz ma i homepage 
 nicmoc, casem by nejake screeny nahodit mohli


I just arrive on Scorelant=) you can see my firs movie there=)  you clearly know what you want, but you don't know what's stopping you... &lt;&lt;&lt;


ok srsly just clearing this up long distance relationships aren't that hard if ur with the right person 


 I think you just won the Buzzword Bingo! Congratulations!


 okay, move aside McGann. I want *this* one! soooo handsome.   


Hardware Configuration Engineer in action at  in Prague. :-)  Leak Confirms the Worst: US Negotiators Still Trying to Trade Away Internet Freedoms
 where I can find a study guide for bookseller of Kabul


Zdjcie: disfavor: i dont ship them..iprefer klaroline but this is cute c:  WTF is goin on with Chris Brown???   he fuckin with the plug lol


 please follow me because I am such a big fan of the guys love the guys so much :*


 in my case. Stranger tak stranger sgt pun sebb dalam circle friend jugak.


Rowdy City - Shots of Henny (     via 


  This was just some kind of "don't think about it, just answer" - question :) So... thanks so far :)


 Membe gwe ada, bayar and ambil tix time event.


 Exactly but why shouldn't he say yes? The world loves him and so many want but can't have him so that's the solution.


Handmade Shamballa  macrame bracelet with Swarovski and Champagne crystals   


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


State radicalizing Baloch youths to counter secular&amp;pluralistic nature of Baloch culture. Good Read by  
 Always wondered if you have a 3D model of Fidget or Dust.


Sun, 05 Jan 2014, let us all send Clancy Brown the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (55)


Again won the Davis Cup, congrats guys!!!   


No one is in the office, perfect time to steal Oculus Rift which is on my desk for a moment and try it for a while.


 Thanks ^_^ I just don't know how I survived these two weeks! I need music!!!!!! :o


 don't worry. You'll soon enjoy alcohol when you get older! But I agree wine isn't the best tasting thing to drink


 I will add them into zendesk. Thanks (cc: )


Schumi does respect safety a lot, let's hope he has just some scratches, maybe a concussion in the worst, but that's all. 


Patch 3.15 - Server Maintenance and Patch Notes  via 


A final Kozel &amp; Pilsner for good measure. Prague you've been good to us.  Aelia Duty Free T1  Your Damn Family: Leonard z BBT producentem | SerialZone.cz  // r.


K emu je dobr Bootstrap a frontend frameworky?  via 


 leaving tomorrow morning. Wah. To Milan to catch the train over the Alps into Zurich the next day.


Iya bro selaw aja :D RT  Sorry bro gua gabisa dateng -_- " Gws buat motornya bro RT  Motor pake rusak


 [nnep &amp; e'tllres ksoem dna rsmrrio] (1995) Teller, p:magic c:USA poin: 33


Originally Francis had a different surname planned than Tezka, but I didn't come up with one so I decided his mother wasn't married


WFL, DYT &amp; Cockiness RT " Navy, what is your favourite track off Talk That Talk?"


 I think so. I'm looking forward to my first Irish coffee this autumn! Do you make it from espresso or filter?


Give the perfect gift this holiday! Personalized drawings made for your loved ones.  project looks to offer guidance on offshore walk to work alternatives     


Gold fascinator Edwina Ibbotson  Photograph by Johanne Aldridge  cannot wait to hear it! RT  Lost Johnny Cash album to be released in 2014   Asimile edilmis bireylerin asimilasyonu farketmeleri biraz garip olmaz mi?


Twitter Makes it Easier to Sign Up for Emergency Alerts  1. oh i wish u don't make such promises when u not rp or rt Most of us where very sad me too and then it will be not a


Fotbal: Former Sparta star Miroslav Matusovic arrested over drunk-driving hit-and-run  is upset and refuses to go to sleep... sitting in a flight control tower mode under bed covers :]  tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you  hte urboelt htwi rrhay tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the trouble with harry


 ginsw of het wahk tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: wings of the hawk


Only few Spaces still available this week 
Message for days/times remaining x


merry christmas po sa inyo mga followers.. kain lang kayo ng kain


Jak to spravne nedelat?  je twitter festivalu. Kdyz o sobe pise, pouziva dva ruzne hashtagy. 


 [isdrrhet lsueb] (2001) Pat Dempsey, p:phaser c:USA poin: 14


 Awesome! It will impress the pants off of friends or husband. I'm impressed yer able to get such specific vegan ingredients!


I think I'll laugh abt the Who producer secretary wanting Daleks to exterminate teenage Peter for many years to come. priceless.


Seriously, how do you start watching Doctor Who? Do I start back in the 60's or is it cool to start at the 2005 revival?


 now that sounded like you ran out of planes and you need to go and buy more :D


Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mi  Galvan thinks the West Memphis Three are guilty of child murder. Here's why:   finished the "Play Ball" task in Big Business Deluxe for Android!    


 eth aoiblemrt ullbet tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the baltimore bullet


My traditional airport feast before hopping onto the plane back home...at Calgary International Airport.  There is no single reason to track unfollowers. What is gone is just gone.


Learn Czech in Prague Daily is out!  Stories via  


Merry Xmas, Love and Peace!! &lt;3
Ralph &amp; Steven 
P.S. ...and here is a little present (or you can also call it a...  OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/LI-054 (Kmen, 440m, 1pt) 18.091 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=20 dB at SK3W {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


 mte...and w ukiss it's super sad bc imho some of their songs are rly good ;3;


Quite weird here..          Praha | Prague  back to the UK tonight (that's the plan although I believe the weather has other ideas) easyjet... Let hope you live up to your name!


 We are not surprised sir. Those hooligans will always find a way to discredit, misrepresent &amp; ridicule what and who we are.


 lol its good though i get to see your face more often


 do you really think it would be good for him to go to Monaco? I'm really sceptical. Ajax could be interesting though.


 it was called "turing complete user" by  today at  in hamburg. i guess you can watch the video online later.


Lol tj please that picture if from google that is not even your body ! I know you better than that man frfr 


Was out cycling 39.20 km with  See it here:   in Prague, Czech Republic: 7.6 C (45.68 F)  


I'll always be  but you  can't leave us. We,   will never leave you, so please stay with us forever.


Missing someone and not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever.


 Still waiting for any word whatsoever about luggage lost 2 days ago. No word at all. Meanwhile, many flights from Amsterdam to Prague.


  quoted u 2. best and thx for great work


 The rumours say that or sing We remain, say something or Do what u want, but the last would be so strange I think


 Happy Thanksgiving to New York my dear James!x  black Nike shoes from the 70's lookin ass bitch


 so I just cooked up some eggs, they were sublime, but you already know that don't you?


 is your German  manufacturer   glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


Kam se hrabou Power Rangers...The trailer for Japan's Gothic Lolita Battle Bear is charmingly insane  present for my sweetheart - checked! ^^ 


 [hatt etmsorh tihmg evil] (1938) Shepperd Strudwick, p:death c:USA poin: 23


Translation Trends 2014 survey, click here to contribute your views:    


 Okay, than lets call this a christmas miracle...


I posted 17 photos on Facebook in the album "Placebo at Torwar 2013 (Warsaw, Poland)"  whichever festivities you are celebrating- DIE:CUT wishes you a couple of relaxing days off from the daily...  stats: No new followers, One unfollower via  ofc i miss u!! LOL it's almost xmas, when is ur school holiday??


 Please, Follow me? :O :33 It's my great wish, please.. :'/ I love u so much ^^


I went to the jazz club again lol and enjoyed a fine band.I went alone and mind you it was weird and        ;) :P  Hello Love Lauren E, 
I'm happy to say that is not real. It is all an allusion, my dear. Everything will be alright. Breathe.


Keep playing around  and we just might look up one day to see  being traded or moving on in free agency....  


 maybe he is omg!! he was my crush and he just broke my heart when he gained weight :((


Apparently were calling  Cousin Ricky now   


HAPPY BDAY...TO MY HOMIE ... Mark Lesure...DID IT REAL BIGG 2night...IN CRENSHAW...PRECIATE ALL DA PPL IN DA...  Jawaban benar: the final solution,  18/223 poin


Photo: Sometimes | via Tumblr on We Heart It.   Mobile to Sell iPhones in January and Other News You Need to Know  I haven't rewatched Journey's End yet. this will be the first time.)


 sure, I will share a link right when it will be up :)


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.69C, Marc 20.94C ac foris 5.5C vre esse.


eu tive um sonho estranho.. estava morrendo. The Walking Dead  


A new favorite: Chris Malinchak - Call My Name by   on 


Kickin' back with the locals, munching strudel and sipping Staropramen. ( U Schnell)  Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uwdhuw


Feliz navidad RT  My beloved beliebers I'm officially retiring


we went for a walk in the huge forest today, it was beautiful but spooky   St. Englmar   RT for more votes. Because this show deserves the PCA.
Castle   


 business env for free media has to be far better supported in Africa    


Saytay'n S'sini duyan oldu mu? Benim anladm buzdolab alm,yazc alm,tablet alm bide Trkiye'de  ne varsa satm


Trkiyede yolunu bilmezdm burda ki tek snamsn :) ( McDonald's)  issue is coming soon! Main topic: world famous director Josef Krofta. Don't miss it!!!  just found all my 8 non followers thanks to  


 is there any possibility that you studied art or graphic design maybe?^^ I'm sending my support to you! I wish I could buy one


 Jawaban benar: simple gifts,  12/338350 poin  1/369884 poin


Frustrated Juan Mata could leave Chelsea, admits Jose Mourinho after win over Southampton  just moved up to level 37 in  for Android! You should check it


  Sorry but I'm at the spa at Jesenik. I swear I'll make up for it next Friday.


 [okbern sosne] (1987) Rodney Hale, p:youth c:USA poin: 12


 thanks for letting me know. That is good news.


about the crazy new world of wearable computing  CCB Paris (Lead 4079) - 9,00 EUR / Lead  media monitoring and web scraping - work in which I always realize how much useless text our society produce every day.


 that floor where the conference sessions are held?


When the sun goes down I know what you become. You become awake unlike the rest of us.


I've collected 34,940 gold coins!    


just found out that our group in class doesn't have design tomorrow.. only the other one and we have figural drawing.. so i was hurrying and


  Is your homepage up to date with the cancelations today? Is BUFFALO - NEW YORK driving today?


Nordic Dialect Corpus and Syntax Database, a site I will definitely keep an eye on!    


Another day with Sky Sports News channel on TV, press conference in one hour.  


Check out this awesome site: Sprint Car T -   


BAD + Don Henley - Everybody Knows - Honors 1996:  via  Love ...!!


   do you guys have any plans of coming to Europe? Massive fan!


I AM SO SIKED FOR TONIGHT!!! Not for a party or getting drunk, but because I can finally have the last chocolate on my advent calendar. 


Bloody ink in my pen spells suicide fuck illuminati bitch I'm lucified baptizedin tha  bitch you decide-ASAP Rocky


Surreal photography, Balloon, black and white photography, abstract photography, romantic wall poster, fine art p...  out walking 7.62 km with  See it here:         by  you could play any musical instrument, what would it be?  guitar and piano  .............. not there for me again (i give up...) :D


  or Real will come looking for him in the summer. 2/2


Ugh I need to get up but I don't have the energy to..


 I brought up anonymity in photos with 2 articles. You are the one who brought up pseudonyms again, not me.


Ship names of edm musicians would always be so messed up.
Zeddlex
Skrillgore
Dillex
Datsixion
Eptism


I just earned the 'God Save the Queen (Level 5)' badge on   well now ma brooow!  dan juga si busa,get well really soon jackygirlfriendlungutangpebejesamaguatay:) 


"Used to mean something, but now it means nothing.."
I LOVE THIS SONG!   eloi try mo din sa technohub sa may qc.. Marami rin kaming pinuntahan.


1st RULE: You do not talk about FIGHT CLUB.  2nd RULE: You DO NOT talk about FIGHT CLUB.  


 On the way to Belgium from first   training camp. Saturday my first   - good luck


Pro-life teacher fired for religious beliefs:  via 


Thankyou shea:)  happy birthday kil! Wuatb n godbless


Be a good listener.  Your ears will never get you in trouble.


What you do today is important because you exchange a day of your life for it


 At fatty talaga ang term ha? Kuya Marwell. HAHA! :) Medyo natawa naman ako dun. ;)


Memories of the past are always there on my mind~


 Yay. I want these movies, too. Oh, and &gt;Pain&amp;Gain&lt;, &gt;ted&lt;, &gt;Broken City&lt; and many more! ^^


all the saints and holy men, catch me before I sin agaaain


    GDocs great for single user. Painfull in many ways for company. And yes, i have thousands of docs in there


Mohli by na CT Sport vypnout ten volejbal a pustit florbal, kterej mel zacit pred deseti minutama? Prosim? Doprdele?


Lb se mi video   Welcome to Vit Nam Remix ( 131216 Samsung Medical Centre     worrying thing about Spurs is their midfield, but thats defintely worrying enough. 


 Yes, fanmade, just look at the pixelrate of the hub logo and the original picture.


YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES, we're gonna see Kian doing the trial finally!! Go  kick them butts!!


" Today I dont feel like doing anything. I just want to lay in your bed."


Viva la Velvet revolution! Thank you for fighting for our freedom  


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


Andrea and Evangeline no.2 - aren't they lost sisters? :)) Evangeline on the left, Andrea on the right:  first thing anyone from Domino's said to my father and I was, "You...   tonight we start the weekend a little early      join us for dancing, drinking and merriment


You can't leave Prague without tasting the czech beer. Join our Pub Experience! Starts at 6pm at the Old Town Square.


Must Reads: Facebook's Future, the Dark Lord of the Internet and More  [onknao aky aagekr] (1984) Nana Palsikar, p:remake c:India poin: 17


 Jawaban benar: calling all kids,  16/322290 poin


I actually can't even say I haven't enjoyed my O break thus far! I love my parents!


Stana Katic 
Castle/Beckett  
Castle         40


Storage  la Ontap - Downtime weg und Quality of Service her  Ring, Grands Scotch &amp; Illustrator - proud sponsors of Stepans night.


 That looks great too. Often heard about it but never been there.


Today stats: 8 followers, 4 unfollowers and followed 3 people via  Jawaban benar: the merry widow,  15/345081 poin


 my mum is obsessed by buddhas. There's a buddha in every room in my house apart from my bedroom


We all can agree that Reba is awesome in new Activia commercial, but is there anyone who really likes Activia yogurts?


 tried doing it to his face to get a response but it was like pulling teeth


7  Best couple on screen.

Castle/Beckett   


I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Ptek: SQUISE, a -43%"  person followed me // automatically checked by  please may you Follow ? My twin's so OBSESSED with you &lt;3 please she always talks every DAMN Day ABOUT you and Shows Videos 2


  why do you have so many accounts here? xx &lt;3


Unraveling the Global Epidemic of Misinformation about Fertility Treatments  of dead.      Brno idenice   what up Gs we gonna get so High before this show ima have 6 when I touch down already rolled lol


"We have an employee whose last name is Null. ":  [teh dlwoolyho nhksgit] (1980) Walter Janovitz, p:cars c:USA poin: 21


Hi there, I released my first EP yesterday. Download it here:  na The Hunger Games 2 *-*          Walker's lookalike brother asked to step in for tragic star  via 


I'm so excited !! He's my favorite rapper ! amazing boy  !! I'm your czech republic fan &amp; I go to see ya! :))


Had a WEIRD encounter with a group of chicks earlier ! lol WOW!


  what it costs you follow me? please guys, i love you so much 63


Feeling so antisocial. I don't have it in me to deal with loud, bratty, immature children for 10 hrs today.  


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 uiwde


 I'd probably die if I had school until 8pm and then pilates from 8:30pm ;3;


 yeah..this is actually more depressing than i thought wow :(


Understand what people are capable of and/or are willing to give.... 


RMI orcing a full GC each and every hour -  be kidding ...


 oh that was really late night :( We should play together again soon.


Same to you dear  Keeping warm on your ship? My best 


Thanks to Harsono Hadisha Putra !
sumber:meme comic  Reportedly Launching Free Mobile Music Streaming | Fast Company | Business + Innovation  you wanna read some amazing imagines then follow 


The second you give it away,  goes nuts over it. I guess they really like  downloads.
 haha I follow you on Twitter I'm a bad motherfucker :D muhahaha xD


14 Vote for the greatest show ever. Pls RT.
Castle  


Sat, 16 Nov 2013, let us all send Diana Krall the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (49)


And I'm watching it while waiting for my Doctor Who and Downton Abbey specials to download.


It was awesome year! Thanks to everybody who help me to improve my iphoneography skills. I have met  Before you judge me... make sure you're perfect


 Thats that T Starks wave... I aint wore Wallys in like 15 yrs homey lol.. i feel u tho, 3 for 1


80%of the Workforce behind the NATO supply are Pashtuns from FATA &amp;KP-- now who is friend of Pashtuns--one of my American friend say


Handmade Palace Green and Carnelian Glass Gold Plated earrings   


 tiiiiiired
My feet and my back are almost killing me
I had my second sniff day today.
Yeah, I'm well
And yooouuu ?


 wohoooooooooo gauhar won ( btw booooooooo to all tanisha fans ;) )


"Celebrity is about consumption; it is by its very nature destructive, and one could argue sacrificial."   I'd put you there too, but there's too little space in the bio :D But be sure soon you'll Exchange places with 


  mee please ! I love you so much ..i need you!! &lt;3


Depressing reading. Yaroslavl  graveyard of the Russian spring | openDemocracy:  some free MK20DX128VLF5 samples from  for  hacking. Thanks   How do you top a car? Sister: Tep on the brake, tupid.


 I'm a hundred percent sure they will accept you! They can't miss out on such a man . How's the hockey season going?


Womit werden tolle eBooks noch besser? Mit einem  Paperwhite von  :-)  you love me but you don't know who i am so let me go just let me go


Cain put a case on my phone last night and I can't even get it off 


Now Hiring: IT Security Manager  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Got a new housemate from  Say "hello" to Karl &lt;3 
     Google is the unsung hero of passive-aggressive error messages.  thats all i know!


Am I the only one who cannot tell when the Shift key is active in iOS 7.1b3?  Good morning. Thank you. Have a nice tuesday. For me the day is over.  I'll go to bed now. ;)


MUSE at Reading 2006... Fuck me!!! what an amazing Setlist!! my dream :(  [teh aetenir] (2006) Serena Sim, p:singapore c:Singapore poin: 11


I liked a  video  Jet Li - Taiji Zen Company Vision


Amid the Uproar Over the Health Law, Voices of Quiet Optimism and Relief 


Earrings with Swarovski glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Goood morning today with  proben :"D  okay i make a cover by swedish house mafia to don't you worry child ;)


 [paedn aisb gbealkan absi] (1987) Kasino Warkop, p:Drama c:Indonesia poin: 24


Current  in Prague, Czech Republic: 2.7 C (36.86 F)  


I am back home now, wish you all a happy new year!


my rich men RT DamnWeLove2PM: 2PM ranked 4th Forbes Korea 2013 All Year Kpop Male Groups Revenue  fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.56C, Marc 21.88C ac foris 6.69C vre esse.


 Pracujeme na tom! (Try google translator)  :)


I said leave but all I really want is you...  Favorite Album Pop/Rock 


 Jawaban benar: 3000 miles to graceland,  23/328678 poin


 :c they could at least let us breath (shinee) but idk prolly i've just been too spoiled by my free uni life ;;


  Our fav bar outdoor aea is closed but found plenty other quality bars. 


We were delighted to greet a very special guest at the Czech Philharmonic New Year Day's concert - Sir Simon Rattle  yg blm diceritain tpi udh d crtain dluan sma seseorang. Dan itu sangat2 nyesek, tpi bkin lucu jga.. hahaha


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           456


My Top 3  Artists: Chicane (4), Dido (1) &amp; dredg (1)   just make a parody of spaceballs and call it cheeseballs" -


Our university has issued unlimited internet until New Year. 


well that was nice wasn't it. great. great episode. 


Google building fiber networks in Africa through Project Link - PCWorld  


Vinte e trs chutes nas pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


som de preto de favelado,  kelwin sendo mais ridiculo q o normal  It's not important to which fandom you belong. Click "RT" if u had good heart. :) 


Today stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  what :DD Ne, zombie apokalypsa, Emma Watson se sekerou zmlt Setha Rogena a Jamese Franca seere Danny McBride :DD A tak..:D


Handmade Ice Mint Color Glass With High Polished Rhodium Corn Studs Earring   


I'm never reckless. But today's shopping experience can only be described as such. 

Let's not check my balance shall we 


It's quite a rush to stand at the edge of an emotional cliff. ... More for Gemini  PM is even better than the original comment (I hope my dentist is ready!)"   it's just an amazing album with amazing songs and it makes me smile every day!  d


No idea how this will end up since the  is everywhere but on the cake!    stats: 2 followers, 6 unfollowers and followed one person via  Mmmmh Negerksse! What do you call them in English, btw?


Gangnam Park: Linkin Park Songs Remixed With 'Gangnam Style'  stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed 2 people via  up at twelve has its benefits - I don't have to wait too long for the kick off 


  OMG! You still have the wreath I gave you? I thought it's lost 4ever!


Gearing up for a fun food event that should make more Swedish food products available in Czech stores.   True story, bro ;D :'33 Larry Is Better Than Elounor! :P:) x2


 you should feel guilty u lil whore (pls send more skin pics)


 This means that cant be done as self-promo? cc   


I've harvested 1,003 of food!    


 Jawaban benar: john wayne hated horses,  23/352190 poin


This is sort of some re-re-re-presentation of nostalgia in the Time


 should I cut my hair short or not I am not sure


 [wlil sea,nv hte umlcasi rccnictee] (1899) Will Evans c:UK poin: 33


Iye thal. Itu buat lu tuh   and keep smile hahaaha


 but it can look nice and make you feel good. When you win. That's about all.


A Global Education Declaration  - spolen dle astnk Global Education konference


I liked a  video  Katy Perry - Teenage Dream + Hot N Cold(Victoria's secret) 1080p.mp4


Before they turn the lights out
Before our time has run out
Baby love me lights out
-XO 


i'm replaying that part over and over again and i started sobbing ah ahaha


Turnin' off my alarm clock till the end of this year. Lala.


" Whai you so tall

Wad you eat 2 b so tall

 | ) 

(^o^)  cuuuuuute 


"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs


 Jawaban benar: day of the bad man,  18/342511 poin


I liked a  video  Webster Tutorial esk (english sub) | Taras Povoroznyk


 there was no such thing as a heartbreak because all boys had cooties


Excercise is good for you: Break a Sweat  via 


I liked a  video  "Closer, Faster" (Official Music Video)


Ulixs fortissimus nuntiat temperatram thermodynamicam in conclav Thomae 21.19C, Marc 20.69C ac foris 2.44C vre esse.


  glady,ty vole glady.zluty s cernym zihovanim


 [ilcesa' atitc] (2009), p:surrealism c:USA poin: 13


I've collected 10,800 gold coins!    


 I KNOW
I will get a PC in January so I got some humorous presents now :)


 Jestli nas meric nelze, my mame standardne neco kolem 45%. Sakra sucho tam mas...


actly i liked nuest and btob more than exo and bap ;;;; sighs /forever stanning irrelevant nugus 


How do you recognize a Zippo man?
He smells like petrol and asks for light.


Google spustil Newsstand. Co na to vydavatel?  via 


Done with the Project! Thank you, Lord! Pwede na matulog. Wooh! =))


I just voted for Nina Dobrev   Retweet to vote  pes 


CfP: Labour in East and Southeast Europe: Institutions and Practices Between Formality and Informality.   vai descendo descendo perdendo a linha devagar The Walking Dead  


 So you mean you want to get a manager of the site?


" I be ready to fuck the curb up  the dip tho lol


39  All songs make sense.
Castle/Beckett  


Kita merry chriistmas ya masako wkwkwkw  Happy birthday  damai natal bersamamu ;)"


 &amp;  - SUCKAS ASKiN QUESTiONS  BNGR.cz  via  / the best new year gift!


 Lapara la 1300k g1 pinnacle systems gmbh bending 51011810  feel free to do so I'll be looking forward to it :D Sure thing I'll go and cry over Sungyeol and plan what I needed with the


It can be argued that man's instinct to gamble is the only reason he is still not a monkey up in the trees. -Mario Puzo, Inside Las Vegas


     Merry christmas guys, stay healthy and have a good time!


NBA Usher and Little Kid Escalate Epic Dance Battle on 'Kimmel'  [oto hucm esple] (1997) Sally Stat, p:gun c:USA poin: 14


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           515


I was gonna watch that documentary with The Voice of Doom but instead I ended up on Tumblr and it's all Time Lord penises now. help.


I go to sleep, hoping that we will go up a spot because the US is awake, but no, we drop!  lorde


 yo, hayley! is there any chance you guys in the UK will have the EP in stores? i'm going to london in a week or so...


Cleaning is for cowards!..or can a smart search engine cope with the mess in application folders?   


And like the leaves, Fall for autumn I fall for you.
   Seasonal love, by Jamilex Castillo


"For this is the will of God, that by doing good you should put to silence the ignorance of foolish people."
- Peter


41 Pls RT if you're obsessed of them.
Castle/Beckett  


Made my morning :-) RT  Readers, check out this video ode to: Girls Who Read - YouTube  celebrates December birthdays by Kristina  via 


  "You have a lot of data, but if you're not doing anything with it, then what's the point?"


Handmade Palace Green and Mint Teardrop Glass Polished Rhodium Plated Earrings   


 yeeeeeeeeeees, it really is... Being a bit tipsyyyyy myself  but having a bloody good time lol


 Are you 101 great goals in disguise? This is why you are an idiot.


3 things i wanna do 5ever. Listen to Jjong's solo in Password. Take long hot showers. Drink warm coffee w milk.


Merry christmas too cantik, amin:* Merry christmas buat couple unyu kaya penyu   :3 langgeng yaa :D


 1-McDavid should've got a 10 minute penalty for shooting the puck after the end of 2nd.


I am so tired and still I have about 8 hours at school... I am just gonna die! It's almost like I'm drunk :D same feeling bc exhausted


  If you don't want the image announcements, yeah. You can always read the tag manually.


here in CZ/SK it's ended up being one of the highest-rated-by-film-fans films of 2013 but I've noticed it's got a pretty high score on IMDb


This is Prague, baby!

      forward to my Bourglinster recital (26.01.2014). Liszt, Mendelssohn, Franck &amp; Ianni!    jsem 71 fotek na Facebook do alba Luxor 6.12. -  Pavel Callta &amp; Memphis         hascedu seatsceoendl tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: chaudes adolescentes


Want to learn  Take a look at this article on how to do it properly.  finally!Startibg with  from Slovak   fresh lightness and  earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


np: Showtek &amp; Justin Prime ft. Matthew Koma - Cannonball (Earthquake)


GUESS WHO'S A HAPPY GIRL?!        The bar opens at 7 with a very Happy Hour and then   We will be celebrating this--&gt;...  hey friend!  wrote yesterday about a snow over there in Nashville. Let's imagine the beach 4 a few next months


Swatch Girls Pro China ASP World Longboard Championship der Frauen 2013 - Over All Clip  thing I saw before a bullet through the dome from 400m+ away.  Ikaw yung kapareho! Hahaha! :) Hi ka-IT! Stay matalino at mabait! :) Kelan lang kita nakausap ha? Hehe. Hope to hear more bout you! =)


'Almost Human' Trailer Awakens a Futuristic Cop Drama With Robots  all of my friends sending me weather reports from Miami. Yes it is 27 degrees today. I get it. But..Ya know .. My beer is always cold 


Boss! RT  My 93-year old grandfather just joined Facebook. Born in 1921. He flew planes in WWII. Now he's Liking stuff.


I have Forester`s Hut on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


Flash Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Flash Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!  asking me to learn Chinese. 

1. You're not my mom.
2. It's my life.
3. Why don't you learn BM huh? It's Malaysia, not China.


 [rsofwle ofr eammad] (1935), p:fire c:USA poin: 18


Czech glass beads handmade bracelet "Pink"   


I have Blooming Tree  on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!    


 how old do ya have to be to be full-aged in Texas?  Lol


I'm at Passport Control - Prague Airport (Prague 6, Prague)  Who wants to kiss me under the mistletoe  Me baby! 


1st SMD of 2014. Theme: Salt of the earth, light of the world. ( Zeunerbau)  Tamam sen 7 ubat 'ta dodun (iyi ki) ama o olay 6 ubat'ta oldu :)


Brilliant Anderson 
Really
Yes brilliant impression of an idiot


 Just watched Remember me. Great movie. Loved you in that one. Wish you best of luck in the future


Shooting w/ my brother  - we catch bright day with blue sky. I have to go out. An...   city at a time...  the only way... join da campaign... lets get somebody a deal!!!!  jsem jako oblben video   Riding a Unicycle... And Failing, Too


The words are not enough to really say how much I appreciate all of our speakers that made  what it was! THANK YOU 


Driving home from work right now and It's sleeting....into it 


Thank God (and Bill Gates) the Condom Is About to Get Better   the Culture of Hip Hop... Rappers really doesn't explain the culture of Hip Hop!!!!  I know I want a flow master put in my baby.. but I don't know what the best kind is.. to get.


 no way :) But my mom shared all my crushes so I think she'll "love" Zac too...or she must because I don't have an ally otherwise!!


I know Chris Brown is a complete an utter mess so I don't need his pics of his messy ass self all down my TL!!!


Have you heard Dr Zygote -  Influences - The R$N Mix by The Ransom Note on   Has a New Cipher  Chacha20-poly1305  from D.J. Bernstein  via 


 eht shtietw sdki kn'uwo tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: the whitest kids u'know


   rest cases ahead of final arguments Tuesday.  time back to tumbling in 8 months.   


Lily Allen Sorry For Turning Down a Gig Worth a Fortune in Bitcoins  generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for." - Harper Lee


Great Christmas present for Czech Republic lovers!!    
  on  is closer:  joins   


 Good to meet you here :)Thank you for following! Happy New Year!


Japan Govt Predicts Internet Fasting Camps Will Cure Addicted Teens  Printing Pre-Formed, Expandable Structures  


Flight W6 1305 to London Luton scheduled at 12:20 will be delayed until 19:10 due to oprational reasons.


Aaaah! " Squirrel falls asleep in the arms of an Angel.  sure if Im hungry, but Im gonna eat anyway just in case.


 so reported this player now a week ago and still not banned. Flagrun now allowed in BF4?   yeah, anyone can tape on cell! its stupid really!


 [eht sdierb ni het tabh] (2003) Richard Griffiths, p:real-life c:UK poin: 22


 Thanks to Apple, our little app is still relevant  :)


Project Management in Salesforce: How to Prioritize Projects:  via 


From early till late night convos. Thats the shit i dooooo like!


 Thx merry christmas back. have a wonderful day. ^^


 Jawaban benar: eternal darkness: sanity's requiem,  34/8563 poin


[Dalek voice] 12 11 10 9 8 and a half or something 8 7 6... :D:D:DD 


 I know I'm late and ur probably not online right now but can I get a follow 2? bought 3 copies of  :)


one person followed me // automatically checked by  both have kinda gentle voices and demeanours but Paul's voice is just the best innit. Stephen's just okay. but he's taller. ahaha


 I wanted to be Molly but Sherly's great, I got to kiss Jim and Molly and I'm gay for John :DD


I'll text my friends to have a great Christmas now woop


Sat, 28 Dec 2013, let us all send Kateina Kramperov the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (25)


  
If you notice the fire flames you will know it is a Photoshop edited picture


Yo  nigga where u at?? Case of beer'nyana parek'nyana ?? Nix?


2 relaxed  festival days are upcoming, TUE+WED, with evening concerts. Good time to see the exhibition.  love you if you'll give me a yoga mat on my special day. 


 Yes, looking forwar to it :)  Just merged in pause/resume and orientation support.


Again. I have light pink hair. And God bless AC/DC . Train station. Again.


Definitely rigged    were the social media debate results rigged


              just pledged on John Barrowman ( New Album   


As we used to say "create!  and love what you create"


First ten in 2014. I just ran 10,0 km  a 5'39"/km pace with Nike+.  


  waley LTE poor lang ako.... unlike u supah rich...


Lagu Complicated - Avril Lavigne. since 2002. dah 12 tahun berlalu. still mantap dan fresh.


08:32 OK1NF/P (Jan) on OK/KA-034 (Havran, 736m, 6pt) 7.032 cw: *CQ CQ at 22 wpm. S/N=26 dB at OL5Q {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


Photo: theimpossibleconversations: ph. Tim Wong  by Bloomberg: "iBeacon: Apples Retail Tracking Secret Weapon"  It's a chain of cafs, you are likely to run across at least one


Koolin eating chicken nuggets with a large pink lemonade



alguem sabe onde tem snow white and the huntsman pra baixar?


Never ever call me kitten.
Castle/Beckett                                                 7


Ninja Sphere Lets You Control Almost Everything in Your House  tonight:
20:00 door open
21:00 Niceland
22:00 - 24:00 Primal Scream 
 


The Flower Duet by Delibes is such a beautiful piece of music...


What a day at  ! We had fun, we dance, we laugh and so much more. Love all the  hate u naow "RT  The best thing about yesterday's episode was the fact that Fluttershy didn't appear."


I've collected 14,070 gold coins!    


Check out this site...Twitter buttons  via 


          just had another 7 hours and 18 minutes more before go to sleep.


  We had transferred like 100 files without problem, but with some wi-fi setups 10+ files are getting errors.


91.  psan low latency aplikac (1ms &lt;) v Jave s   vicdan dediin insana aittir binlerce ehitle kazanlm vatan satanlarda bulunmaz


 thank you  Merry Christmas to you too, all the best!!  hohoho


Nejlepsi cas na peceni je ve chvili, kdy nestihate deadliny do skoly. 


 Hi sweetie! Did you receive the cards I sent you before Christmas? :O


   she's a Latina it doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to make that deduction


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 sudgwa


        by  3x-5x less power than alternatives, Bluetooth Smart radio targets personal health monitoring, smart homes -  Necklace 50's Czech Aurora Borealis by prettyinprague  via 


...we even saw his intense eyebrows? I'm not even thinking abt this. fuck off.


  what's your favorite thing to eat for breakfast? ASHLEY


When will you come to germany with the boys?   7


nothing bothers me more than ebay sellers not responding to my questions


 [mdorot] (2009) Norman Maclean, p:alcohol c:UK poin: 6


going home for           hahaha you find that monkey everywhere for me Pabs :)


 Jawaban benar: a family upside down,  20/8029 poin


Two types of people. - 5hlover: E X P E C T A T I O N: R E A L I T Y:  is pretty competitive right now," hehe...  6:15:38 UTC+9, 
Location 42km SSE of Prague_CZ, 
ML2.1, TNT21.3kg, 
Depth 30.0km


 fantastic! with this the little one will code instead of me! she loves typing my keyboard and now it will be finally sthg meanful


do you fit in all these categories? if so u are step away from investment nirvana:)  with sea glass beads, Czech Handmade jewelry   


Czech press survey - December 27: Prague - Czech President Milos Zeman's Christmas message can be unfort...  


May memory of you live forever... ( KZ-Gedenksttte Mauthausen)  Thanks! The writing says "45 million people running for refuge" which is the last worldwide number on 


 that is some serious golden advice. you gotta listen to ignorant music with the word bitch in it to g


The Eight Books Every Person Should Read According to  ...In the  The Editors  small cat changes coming home to an empty house to coming home.


Glowing "Meteor Smoke" Clouds Appear Over Antarctica   Daniel Kotoval, First Deputy Minister of Defense of the Czech Republic presents a view of the Ministry on this particular problem.


"I'm a therapist who works with people with dementia. I just noticed this typo in a handout I've bee  social media clicks becomes big business  od  se jmenuje Lef dancehall a vysla u Diva's Records,   shamballa bracelet  "Acid" - acid green and many many other colors   


How to be a VBScript expert: use option explicit, avoid global scope, don't overuse OOP, read    


 Football terminology used 3x , Hockey terminology used 1x.


Why Social Networks Are Crazy for Private Messaging  [i trtas noinguct] (1969) Madge Ryan, p:mini-skirt c:UK poin: 16


What causes eczema? Natural treatment for eczema:  But I still have the old iPad3 for movies, tv shows. Otherwise I would be in storage trouble, too!


  Am I dreaming or did he call me his best friend on twitter? :-oo ... :D ... &lt;3


Almost there. Last chance to contribute to the Localization Trends 2014 survey:    


15:41 OK1DVM/P (Miroslav) on OK/PL-067 (Radyne, 567m, 2pt) 7.0354 cw: *CQ CQ at 24 wpm. S/N=15 dB at S50ARX {Via RBNGate} [KU6J]


Handmade Miyuki Mojito Beads Earrings   


Drinking a Svatomartinsky Special 15 by   Zubat Pes   Dawidow uploaded "DJ Dawidow&amp;DJane Nickie Anne - Club Vision Vol.1 (Setmix)"  stats: No new followers, 2 unfollowers via  complains about slow phone -&gt; Has Internal 1 GB storage and 32 GB external MicroSD Card full... I don't even...


I liked a  video  Speedrun: Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope (Ep 


Smer Brno! ( Praha hlavn ndra | Prague Main Train Station w/ 12 others)  se mi video   Ylvis: The Fox (What Does the Fox Say?) - BBC Children in Need: 2013 - BBC


        Great, looking forward to it (i bet you do, too) In the meantime, don't walk outside just wearing your underwear. Trust me.


 ohh i know, its driving me crazy too :-) i have nice quiet evening in, games, movie and not working at all :-)


I just voted for
Castle/Beckett  
Castle  
                                               206


My anxiety is rising, it just won't go away 
Why does this issue keeps building?


Hi Liam from 1D If you see this,please make me very happy and ~FOLLOW ME~...It's my big wish.. ilysm xx  &lt;3 hdqw


Are there any fans of Ashley Tisdale? :)   


Lb se mi video   'Gravity' Behind-the-Scenes Featurette Takes Audiences From Script to Screen


Toshiba's Chromebook brings a touch of class to Chrome OS (hands-on)  pes 


Photoset: Big uncut cock of Tim Campbell on       Best partners ever. Vote for
Castle  


Krl
        have a very special form of ADD.  There is nothing near so entertaining as watching them walk into a room...   
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                           726


Batkid Begins: Saves 'Gotham,' Captivates Internet  via 


My Top 2  Artists: Gas (6) &amp; The Human League (2)  isn't the first time that Ukraine has been between Poland and Russia. Similar situation arose in 1919:  of the Blind - I just wanted to make you something beautiful  Sushi in Brno - cheap and very tasty - by: expie: Last week I visited a sushi place ca...  


 yung nagaway kayo tapos sabi mo ako sumagot tapos...  


Stand up Comedian  can't work because he has back problems and can not stand up. All of the comedian, none of the stand up


 reminded me: I hate that Germany legally lifted DE-mail (no end2end integrity) up and levelled it with advanced electronic signatures.


 we had this in our Recognize-the-organism exam. Shame I didn't discover this earlier!!! :D


Great event at  despite our short notice. With proper one-on-one coaching, presentations and pitches. This is how you do it.


 [dhlo naghtnyi] (1930) Carman Maxwell, p:bosko c:USA poin: 13


Radio Prague - Marked falloff in voter turnout specific to post-communist states, sociologist says   via 


Just bought some old vinyl beauties on Discogs...can't wait to get my hands on them!


Handmade Tanzanite Oval Glass and Heart Polished Gold Plated Brass Pendant Earrings   


I've collected 57,100 gold coins!    


States and Nationalities - elementary. Play games to practise names of states and nationalities at  Who wants a ride on my tampony.??   ne jen vidim tohle 


What a loss..." What most people didn't know about Paul Walker..   Game Over shield!! *cries* "  Staff  .  Gameover  I'm so glad you finally made a twitter even though you never use it omg


   ... Happy new year, Mr Laurie. For You and for your family...  ohh well I woke up and had coffee and now I am alone at home so I am trying to enjoy it as much as I can :D


Nice! "With WebFonter, you can now try and testWeb FontFonts together with FontShop webfonts in any existing site."  noch wat schnet Hardstyle Megamix 2013  [Full-HD]  [atfs aerkb] (1979) Michael Warren, p:coach c:USA poin: 10


And I want Klaus and Cami to be friends, he needs friend like no one else. He just needs to trust someone and she is not afraid to speak 


White people be like :     


I don't have much family but I'm thankful for everyone of the ones I do have. It's amazing how generous they can be.  


 [a ewf ukciq :stfac rfae] (1945) Mel Blanc c:USA poin: 23


     i hope too, well will spend my days off in bed but at least will have


  aw hi :3 I see you're back.. I hope you don't mind me telling her about you ^^


  xmass gift will be that cheque you'll write to the police when they come knocking on your door.


 aaaa owai, im not about that life anymore, I've moved on to sweeter things ;)


21  For me it's the most incredible tvshow ever. I love it.

Castle   


Caspian gas important for EU energy security  MP pumped in Azeri media  Just don't mention human rights


might scrap this engineering malarkey in a couple of years and become an astronaut:  1.iPhoto? Snad iMovies,ne? 2.Zkus to poslat apps Instashare pro ios zdarma pro mac uz nevim. Btw jde to video pustit?


 your  OS sucks like a black hole, dont B Windows - quick, do something!!!  will B spinning like a pinwheel


So we celebrated the Romanian National Day on deep ground.  music is a dangerous web to shop, so your card has been blocked...again, we're so sorry"...someone shoot him!


Thu, 28 Nov 2013, let us all send Adam Hicks the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (21)


 News out now!  Todays top stories via  


I'm at K.U. bar lounge (Praha 1, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 5 others  siguro favorite mong number yan.. Magiging magaling na teacher ka din balang araw..


Awful performance from whole  team. Glad for Czech Marek Mazanec. He did a really good job.


I'm at Letit Vclava Havla | Vclav Havel Airport (PRG) (Praha 614, Hlavn msto Praha) w/ 18 others  at Alibi - Cocktail and Music Bar (Praha) w/ 2 others  Blkov 'The second dilemma  - which type of human rights we want to promote?'


Suggesting that women don't know most men don't like their dropped-crotch trousers? They do, they just don't care...    Pls RT to vote for the best tvshow.
Castle  


 oh wait - I just got it xDDD I thought they'd released a preview of the new episode or something, sorry!!! xD


 buchticky jsem delala tyhle:  a sodo toto:  miss the soccer hall man. I remember the first party we threw in 204. Smh.


I ordered black  but they gave me white one.. I Dont Give A       Job: DWH Developer  in Prague, Czech Republic  


Today stats: 2 followers, No unfollowers and followed 5 people via  night is the night I'm throwing eggs at   


I have got Pro achievement in Mystery Manor!    


Sales Representative in MexicoVertretung in Mexiko   Wedding plans, baby talk, it's perfect.

Castle/Beckett  


 everything seemed to be OK. No need to worry.


"  The current state of mHealth and where it is heading  


i hate when people complain about hating their parents a lot. Some people dont even have parents and you "hate" the fact that you have them.


 well, slowly but surely, i want to make this:  happen x"D


 looks SPX trading TOP is here, lets call it game 33  and of course you'll fine original ones on their official online-store :)


Ive completed the mission 13 OPERATION OVERLORD with three stars!   I have ever been emotionally unstable it's not as much as I am now


I liked a  video  esk Lets play | GTA V |  | Nadupan auta! | Xbox 360


 hey if you want toyou can come out to my going away get together!


I remember when I wouldn't even give you the time if day now look


Christmas present from  Gold plated Hatchet. Thank you so much :)  When are all of the Richard and Richard&amp;Matt photos going up from A10, I have uncollected ones from these :)


 yes you can *places my hands on your cheek* your gonna be alright, you can move on and so can i


The Incredible Number Of People Who Touch Your Food Before It Hits The Table  com apenas com dez mil votos na frente vamos aumentar The Walking Dead  


Hope AVB comes back to manage another PL team. We'll miss his infamous squats too.


Orange handmade shamballa bracelet, agate gemstones   


 since iOS 7 photo stream via iCloud supports sharing of videos too.


Just got today's  sticker. Get yours in the next 4h:54m.   


 Jawaban benar: a ducking they did go,  21/88221 poin


Pad RT  "Today in the Alps" Heavy snow in places, especially Italy and S. Alps:   will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 60


 a tad, but it's Monday and I'm facing a 70 hour week! Hard to find any optimism


I just used  to tag Canon In D by Academy Of St Martin-In-The-Fields &amp; Sir Neville Marriner.  all the frens i have n family members...i didn't know that the best way to get an advice is to pay for a psychologist :///


 GP Praque will hopefully be great. Its about 2 hours away from Dresden in Germany. And Modern is a fantastic format!


 Your character never went away, you just wrote new data to your existing character - so, no way to revert it no.


Lb se mi video   Happy Birthday Keith Richards!


Social Timing  Social Media und das Zeit-Management.    


Ubat rindu ialah Sunat Hajat. Ubat cinta adalah Sunat Tahajjud. Ubat dosa adalah Sunat Taubat. Ubat penyakit adalah Selawat.


Chevy Woods - Supreme [Official Music Video]  via 


How These 5 Dirtbags Radically Advanced Your Digital Rights  by 


What is the character of a generation whose hero wasnt Superman, but the first Russian cosmonaut Gagarin?Watch Manskys GAGARINS PIONEERS!


civilian population in a mass terror murder. .. Of course, two world wars mass killings come close second. .. What is it about (2/5)


      - nice that you have found me! -:) (via   Nag-tandem na naman po sila! Humihirit na naman po bago matapos ang 2013! Hahaha!


Junior Jan is playing  Stepan's Birthday Bash!, Backdoors Prague Czech Republic, Sat 30 Nov  22:00  is the best seo clients Company in Hyderabad?  na sest rano a my dve kruty jsme online zitra/dnes  show


BI christmas party. Project lead  is talking about  development.  it... I might as well set up automatic withdraws while I'm there.


 Remember when someone wrote to him "your fake" and he was like "and you're so scared of me and my fans." Looool...DYING :D


   and has jus sent france to the world cup.


New Yorkers, still a few last spots for  conference!  therefore truly doesn't matter how slow the wheel turns, eventually...it turns. And once U in recipient's shoes den U reflect differently


            design  7 Reasons Why You Should Travel Alone At Least Once In Your Life | Thought Catalog  minutes unplugged video of the street dogs? Bring me the headphones!


Castle/Beckett  
Stana Katic 
Castle 
                                         368


Good one. RT  I'm just going to leave this here.  


Being wildly impractical only inspires you to plan your next l... More for Gemini  Dresden is a beautiful city you should think about it ;)


 hahaha nasib baik juga ada class cancelled . I ni ada class lagi oh


One of the loveliest women I have ever met and my last dresser for the day :)   guys, please play Neon Lights by Demi Lovato!    


 An artist beginning with A? Must be Adam &amp; the Ants. Dog Eat Dog or Kings of the Wild Frontier, please :)


 It's not about us. I just don't rate Roma that much.


I liked a  video  Dark haunting violin : Ghost Song by Max Ablitzer


 ah ah  ah hameno hake iyeye munhu iyeye but all the same keep your head up


 [rbnauuogyamn] (2007) Narcicia Nyirabucyeye, p:rwanda c:USA poin: 12


 Can't believe how big she got! *^* She looks so much like a purebred cat. Did you ever find out how she ended up in that bush?


Photo shoot in Bucharest with the good folks at FotoUnion.ro.  find a peace by realizing the who
You are at the deepest level...


Jste pipraveni na silvestrovsk zitek v SaSaZu ? // Are you ready for the New Year's Eve experience at SaSazu...    We are really trying with our  studies at  We will try harder!


New Year's resolution: get a Century Club badge on  Starting now!


 you just described my life am is my fav band gurl


Danny Gregory   Keynote 2.0 - Art With A Small A - Funny, Inspiring, Amazing. Check him out:            soon...  other school in Connecticut either gets out early or doesn't even have school except for WHS 


Mid winter in Prague and getting sunstroke.  The weathers mad !  scored 12 out of 12 on  Can You Guess Famous Seinfeld Quotes From Just a GIF or Freeze-Frame?.   Accessing Our Inner Child Is This Much Fun Why Arent More Of Us Doing It? FinerMinds  via  


   chappie today :-) and then 1 more to go :-)


 we could start a mabhanzi nefanta tradition. I bet you don't do that every day!


mordida no pescoo, jeito carinhoso, chulep, chulep, chulep, chulep, chulep. chulep


Oznail(a) jsem jako oblben video   Martin Garrix - Animals (Isaac Remix pt.2)


  I have this,when I hear the theme,I think of one person with tears in my eyes. my todays sleeping place, a church... :-P
At Mechelen, Belgium.  me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Franklin


U.S. Internet Stupidly Slow, Report Finds  Much of Europe, SE Asia faster. US ranks 31st. Spy interception takes toll


Penalty for Czech businessman Krejcir mitigated: Prague - The appeals court in Prague today mitigated th...  


Was out running 5.70 km with  See it here:  Where can I get the English translation? ;-) 


 [a ronedm llricaneed] (1917) William B. Davidson, p:costume c:USA poin: 19


Brotip: Don't forget which camera you turned on...  though we argue, you'll always be my bestfriend. Love you bebe 


Started working on the annual recap of the year for SimplePlan.cz :) it sure was a pretty cool year!  pretty sure i asked this question too im pooping


 tonllseoeyw llkye tdk ada yg benar. Jawaban benar: yellowstone kelly


 Jawaban benar: daffy dilly,  11/365621 poin  1/326270 poin


If i could get a touch-optimized version of Chrome on my Surface Pro, I'd be sooooo happy


 I hope we get out of school sooner than you just because of today


 IKR The love of my life- Seattle. Yes I have a city fetish, no it's totally not weird


Congrats to  for 1st place in  FB apps category!!!  2013. Don't you want one, too? Call me :)


. is looking for an expert on private sector role in science for development to write for its analysis blogs. (via 


Having fun with  for iPhone! Join me now for FREE!    I don't mind it at all either but just thought it could be tiring for Nicky after a while lol


 i know. But please understand the sentences. Accepting for.


 will this year honour 20 Community human rights defenders with awards at an event to be held in Bulawayo 


David Moyes expects squad to evolve - Official Manchester United Website  [1vh sg:leend teh woh] (1997) Pete Townshend, p:rock-music c:USA poin: 20


Karma baik RT  God is gewd yeah.. With His anyways to keep us happy . In anyways. 


 you are right. I wouldnt be so inappropriate 


 I could. But muffins are on my priority list BELOW Shining Armor.


Ich habe ein  positiv bewertet:  EPIC YOUTUBE INTRO MEDLEY OF HISTORY! (by Frodo) | Das "Whoop


Czech earrings with glass beads, Bohemian Jewelry   


The miracle of modern finance : to turn mortgages and debt into wealth


"FYI, there is an aquarium where you can shake hands with otters."  I guess it just goes to show how little Israelis actually know about the Palestinians with whom they have "great relations".


Gotta stay consistent niggas know they like sound and if the bitch think den ima dick the bitch down....


 when everyone else quits twitter i'm gonna be the only one on that list with 600/600 mentions


besprechungsraum in der pause sinnvoll nutzen. in the high country - anton krupicka     Will you COME on your tour to GERMANY?! Please boys. We love you,we need you&lt;3 please reply xx


  I've been to Mauthausen twice, since it's very near from where I live. Once as a kid, once last year. Both scarring.


Marat feat. Igor - Zavolej Freezra (produced by Freezer) [KRL LDV EP]:  pes 


My Top 3  Artists: Joni Mitchell (26), Henry Mancini (23) &amp; Eskimo Joe (18)   I just wanna talk to everyone right now !


You know how many old school faces I've seen these past couple off days


 would love to speak with you, please private message me or write me an email at nancy Thanks, Nancy


" yeah I love them strippersssssss "juwanna man Wassup lmao


BusinessDay has story today   I think I missed this ultimatum as well. Do you have more info?


WebRockRadio's Best Songs Of The 20th Century - NIGHTWISH "Walking In The Air" !!  to the decision of our major shareholder and club owner, Besian CF will be changed to the 'Red Hot Ballers' franchise 


Sat, 30 Nov 2013, let us all send John Moyer the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( (40)


Tech Time Warp of the Week: The World's First Hard Drive, 1956  watched "Are You Receiving?" (S1 E3) of Almost Human (via 


A new favorite: Mary Yalex - Mountain Lake (Magic Panda Remix) by   on 


Onze tapas na cara das pe eli eli The Walking Dead  


   mun ada yg membawai bekijipan menang oooy


I'm at Staromstsk nmst | Old Town Square (Praha) w/ 8 others  Ultimate Guide to Juicing, Coconut Oil for Weight Loss 
 how long would it take for us to burn this down  daily follower. 0 unfollowers. Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - unfollowers beware -via  the journals is perfect, i love it and i love you, so muuuuch, please, notice me x48


Photoset: city of bones meme [3/4] scenes //"i think im going out of my mind"  by the Northeast Blizzard? How to Rebook Your Flight Online  Schall Burn  Alter Schlachthof Dresden tonight! We are excited!!!


 will you come to germany? - maybe this year - 79


 or samsung note 3...what do u want...i ll give youu


the pilot ain't worth rewatching beyond the gifs on Tumblr, really.


fakt zbavnej rozhovor:)  Kathy  Episode 2x06 - Russell Brand, Danny Brown &amp; A$AP Rocky - YouTube:  pes 


 looks so professional! But please stay for cycling!


 I think you dont have chance to take down Facebook ;)


and who am i thats a secret i wont never tell you know you love me xoxo gg


Just favorited "FLY ME TO THE MOON | Housy Christmas to everyone!" Cloudcast by  on Mixcloud  Exec Justine Sacco Apologizes for Offensive Tweet: Report  ahh eto nlng.. Isip ka number khit ano huwag mo sasabihin ah..


Earn $200 -$500 Daily With PTC Sites...Secret Method Exposed
 we should! That'd be awesome :'3 I haven't met with anyone like that because I don't know anyone *sigh*


The Polaroid iM1836 copycat camera is now gone   


Woke up around 9, 20 min later smoke like is this still technically a wake n bake, like I haven't brushed my teeth yet if that helps my case


Czech glass beads handmade shamballa bracelet "Lollipop"   


My small christmas tree     