 been driving/sliding all around town today. Great job with the  


This. This is the news that matters:  


 LOL, you guys are lawyers right? No loss.  or 


The start of another super busy week. So pumped. 


Thanks for texting me back 6 hours ago Jesse. 


I'm gonna start knitting again.. Because it's not like I have anything else to do.. 


  maybe someone should turn the Sully Buttes coach in for bullying. 


didnt realize  referees were so fluent in russian!  


My favorite commercial is on: Indoor Swapmeet of Stanton.

Talk about a well done commercial. 


Well hello depression, nice to see ya again.. didn't think you'd stay away much longer.. :(



According to  everyone knows Nelson Mandela has passed. Waiting for  to report this tomorrow 


You gotta love it when exes stay connected to YOUR friends on social media after the relationship is over...on all levels. 


" Breaking: revolutionary Tweeters discover entirely convincing evidence Sy Hersh is secretly on the Assad payroll. 


nothing beats coming home to an empty house and no food   


Don't you just love the hip hop music and club music they played in the background of the  movie? I do  


You didn't build that. The government did.    I wish life was as perfect as that class. 


I feel special... I live in the coldest place in the world today ! 


 
None of that matters anymore since the B12 got the big tv contract! 


Never woulda guessed the high school roof fell off...no wayy 


. I guess the saying is once you go Gay u r always Gay   


Former WTAE sports anchor John Meyer says Saban to Texas is a "done deal" 


  how unselfish of you! You are one of the few good people. 


 And guess who's paying for it all! Yup, that's right, Mr and Mrs Taxpayer, you and me! Wahey! 


I just at some people and thing you perfect right? 


Thank you turning signal for dying right in front if a state trooper.  


" Can't wait for another load of uni work 
 " I'm with you on this one!!


 I love you so much tori! Honestly i hope we find something together in the future because i always loved you.  Happy?


    Dont know how ya can do it daily. Must be tough getting outta bed 


 why not? things like this never happen to me! 


 Come on man, why do you have to hate on a local company like that?   


Oh, It's snowing? It's fine, I'm super prepared for this. 


  obviously the libertarian party has it right and would never nominate a bad candidate tho...


Tweeps are so cool man. All highly intellectual thoughts regarding politics and stuff but will never participate in elections ! 


S/O to the milkman who was late picking up the milk again. You go guy. 


 
We think Goodell is doing a great job.
S/
Monday night matchups, tie games, and hardhitting defense.




I love it when you call me at two in the morning  


I love that I never have signal at my house! 


. of course we should be happy they are back to their old games front loading spending with nonexistent cuts later 


This weather makes me think of  I'm sure he's LOVING it!  


It's fine to wake me up at 5 AM because annoying others is on your agenda this morning. I think jumping on me would be great. 


 just cus you got your laptop back  for the 


Because honestly if you do stuff with other people and rarely talk to me, it really boosts my self confidence about myself.  fuck.


 So who ended up winning the game? I was making a nice rib roast and missed out?   


 You see Ryonna, it's a joke. Palmer said last week that he considered Auburn a two loss team. 


I don't see what the big deal is.  1st amendment right?    


5 Reasons to Be Thankful for Obamacare - My latest column on  website:  


Dad burned the ribs.  No wonder dinner tasted so good    can only respond when your not with you boyfriend? My fault. Boyfriend over friends right? 


Feels like I am swallowing razor blades  yay   


yes yes I'll meet  for sure, it's possible.. 


  is the best defensive of player....  Hey who beat y'all again?! yeah that's right.. 


 Love is spending the rest of your life with someone you want to kill and don't, because you'd miss them too much.


  Well rock music is supposed to be white, though historically it's black. 


It's honestly okay, I really didn't want a text back. 


Congratulations south Africans on standing up for what you believe in and rallying together.... Oh wait...  


Yes. Beef broth for breakfast. What more could I ask for? 


Ohhh these kids have soooo much to be worried about! 


Listen up, women, this man knows what your "primary role" should be. ( Via   simply can't imagine why someone told me the print on my shirt is distracting.    I wonder who just tweeted me!?!     from reading the reports, its back to the Villa i know and love, heres to another merry footballing Christmas!   


 hey. The kids played hard. Great game. 


Boiler is doing my head in. Flame keeps going out. Just what I need at the start of winter! 


Wow today has been so great I just want to add it to my already perfect week!!!!!  


  your to kind smithy ha!   ha!...as jc says...  ha! X


Im glad u two women had time to stay past close to have a heart to heart. Hope u got it figured out now. 


Thank god for Twitter &amp; Facebook or I would of completely forgot today was Christmas Eve 


 Of course I would hate him because I have his signed jersey and met him a few times. 


Apple Says It Is 'Unaware' of NSA iPhone Hack Program  I can't believe that NSA didn't ask permission $AAPL 


 Some of the sweetest people came into lifeway today  and you now understand the joy of working at LW 


Haha guess our plans went to shit as usual.  


Trying to decide what cat sweater I wanna rock. Hard to believe they're     I have any packing tape? I AM IN CHARGE OF ALL SHIPPING AND RECEIVING!!!... No, we don't have any tape  


So did gold prices plunge because of the polar vortex? Or was it because of velocity logic? I'm confused.  


 just followed me. That doesn't make any sense whatsoever.  


Keri woke me up at half 8 to ask me if I had her work clothes? I did yeah, cause they're so sexy and all that  


 this was on offense. Would not count towards the Jets defense. Haha  sorry. Does anyone use Jets D anyways?!


Coaches and players are definitely on the same page. 


Can you put more pics in your snapchat story to show how fun your nights are when I'm just sitting at home? I love them. 


 Ummm, I think you just showed up on  


I love how people copy and paste your statuses / tweets as theirs without crediting you, retweeting, or liking it! You guys rock! 


Fighting is easy_When you are mad_Just remember though _it will make you sad...oh look how original I am 


 I'm sure they were dressed well...  
Everyone knows the gays dress better than anyone! Lol


That hit was totally worth two goals.  


 Wonder why any female would be excited about that...  ;) 


Boy. 35 degrees and a light drizzle outside. I'm sure glad Scott County decided to call off school.  


All this for one final because it will all apply once I begin my professional career    should stay away from Funerals because a Church is no place for a Sinner..  


Wake up and walk into living room and dad goes 'now there is a picture of true beauty'  


My guess is that we are in store for yet another thrilling Fiesta Bowl. 


Tigers make another big move! Phil Coke is back baby!!! &gt;_&gt;   


Super excited to watch the  today! Instead of the playoff race, I get to watch the race for the  draft pick! 


Coming home from a not so good day at work to shovel snow... my favorite thing! 


 Apparently Shump made a commitment to watch Jimmy perform and then bailed. 


Do you guys understand how EXCITED I am to get in trouble tomorrow?! I've been looking forward to this all weekend! 


  you mean the same as savings and loan crisis or same as the last crisis?  


 oh, but those same RR players is why Hoke had a successful 1st yr. 


Why do guys stay saying there making so Much cash &amp; yet keep bumming off cigarettes and rides . Oh yeah your a high balla .. 


Once you achieve success (or if you have), be sure to let people know by not responding to personal inquiries. 


  Yeah, everybody loves him, right?  ;)


It turned out to be that my school's gates are wide opened for us :/ great !!  Actually im pissed off its only my school


Lol - bandwagon! RT  "can't wait to read a few more articles about how parents using Facebook has made it uncool for kids!" 


The girls from  came to meet the team at  and dropped off a calendar for us. Man....this job sucks. 


  its going to be Legen Wait for it DADDY! 


 thank u for swift responce... nice to know that your service is just as good as that I received in store.crap!


I mean I only have English, and Science, and Geometry, and Algebra. That's not a lot right? 


Hey MLB here's a great idea, why not a Home run contest to settle ties, that's a great idea.    


If you want to see the ONW Orchestra girls where the most attractive dresses ever, come to the concert tonight. 


" Allegedly Carney is briefing at 12:45pm EST tomorrow...." but what about the beard.... 


Oh iya udah lama pengen ngetweet ini: Congrats, dude... u r now officially a serial rapist. Enjoy ur new title. 


Dear friends. Thanks so much for all the New Year's Eve party invites. Really overwhelmed with all the chances to see you all :) 


How would I catch up on all my celebrity gossip without Twitter? Damn. I'm so thankful. 


I can already tell that today is gonna be a fantastic day 


So glad the NBA redacted Ibaka's technical from the Clippers game, bc that definitely helps him getting thrown out and us loosing. 


"I need a break from my own thoughts. 
   


 Red Deer lacks the kind of major corporate funding that Cochrane gets from the sawmill, obviously 


 so the status quo who are being exposed by  doesn't like him, -- Well thats Odd, 


Nice that I'm getting help with this redundancy form!!!!!!  


I'm so glad my mom let me know dinner was ready so I could eat with her instead of by myself. 


Phone blows up while im working, go on lunch .... nothing. Great timing people 


  You forgot the  hashtag. The sound you hear is my wallet snapping shut. Ha ha.


Well thanks, RCC, for beating me like a dead horse today. Felt great! 


It doesn't matter how well you're doing on your finals as long as your future husband is acing his  


Makes me want one  How The NSA Hacks Your iPhone (Presenting DROPOUT JEEP) -  tweeps. Monday ugh! Back is killing me, have to take car in for new exhaust after work then walk to hosp - fun day lined up 


Well, thank god this still exists...    yourself a little catfish dinner? That's your kinda night? What a lovely song! -_-  but I love it!!!!


  I predict that 2014 will be canceled due to lack of  interest 


 You know how to flatter a girl! Im all flustered!  :P I like it but I miss the long hair! Will most likely grow it!!


And kiddo just accidentally elbowed me in the jaw. Awesome 


   come on now Coaches dont leave &amp; sit out 1 yr they love the kids 


 Apa beza marin dgn navy Marine dlam cter One Piece, Navy dlam cter Battleship. Both dalam Iron Man2 LOL 


Spend the wee hours of the morning dealing with a break in at work? I'm there!  


 nooo  well who needs balancing chemical equations anyways? Like I'm sure it's a completely relevant and useful skill 


wow my hair only took an hour and half to curl 


 hahah its ok sir  i was just teasing on lighter side ;)  :p 


no I don't want to talk to you, why would you think that? 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


or dont reply, love it when u do that shit.  


Only three weeks left before my birthday and two weeks before the exams.. Hooray, for the guy who decided to fast forward time.. 


Let's be positive and be happy all the time. ALL the time!!  


Ever stop to think, and forget starting again? 


Cause that tweet was so for attention too   


 I know he will score because we all know Romo is the only QB that fails with game on the line.  


Clearly I am ultra ready for this math final.
  goodness for Netflix today. At least I'll lose those last few pounds! 


So glad I came home for Christmas.. So cheery and relaxing 


Good ol aggie defense. Best in the country. 


Hey all  I passed my 1000 tweets mark without even noticing eh :P Can do please do the honours 


  So glad 7 astronauts died for her breakup son sample. "Houston we have a problem," just wouldn't do it. 


thanks everyone for inviting me out. my texts were flooded with invites and my phone froze, which explains why im still home. 


Bus is so packed this morning,  me and Dale lol


so RCH racing have 2 casino sponsor's. Until they land Wayne Newton they're just small fish in the pond. 


I love being able to share all my boring experiences with you &amp; I'm sure you love it too 


A 'most hated celebrities 2013' list containing predominantly female celebrities? Aren't we legit. 


Wrapping presents with  on.Bet my family are ing my amazing singing ;)    


Cruise as single of the year....nobody saw that coming!  


I "Love" how every Netflix episode synopsis is literally just a summery of every plot point from the episode. 


The roads look really bad to me I think we need another day without school  


  well said. Simple  is missing when spending public money. Mediocrity to continue....in this 


Just looked at the WOD... I love burpee box jump overs!!   


Check out my tshirt i nabbed     now I'm mad. What a wonderful evening this has turned out to be. 


 lol. I think I've heard a few whispers of Saban after last night... 


I love when people constantly screen shot me.   


My day to sleep in and I have a meeting at 9 am...Lucky me.



Did I forget to mention how hot it is when you put videos of yourself smoking on social media? 


{random post} Does anyone agree? Haha!      just love wearing a sweater one day and a tank top the next....  


Remember, women and people who want healthy options aren't meant to be at sports brewpubs!  


Drs/nurses coming in at 5:12, 6:27, &amp; 7:41asking the same dumb ?'s + pull out chair as a bed = great night of sleep.  


 My shoulder hurts &amp; I am beyond tired. Today should be a great day! 


 I think it's important for as many reporters as possible to be on the overpasses telling you not to come outside. 


Wooohoooo!!!!!! Field goal!!!!! Second field goal!!  


 welcome back to sunny blighty  see you tomorrow


 explaination: Original tweet was meant to compare something more likely than repealing Obamacare.  


Really Lloris only a double save, you couldn't have done a triple save there...  


 prolonged power outage in your ward again! The one letter you sent last time must have worked! 


I really love that every single person in my life is angry with me right now, it's such an amazing feeling. 


 Can't wait to see the  comment section. 


Great defense there Conte. Great. Defense. 


  being a mod seems like such a fun thing to do, full of lovely, warm and caring people 


Just turned to the  Announcers sound very excited to be there. 


Can't wait for the Idaho-Florida State football game on Saturday...  


I love how  search auto-completes a product, then, does not list said product in the results. 


This is Unhappy RVP who has asked for transfer request....look how unhappy he is :/     So apparently  was great.. Thanks guys.. So enjoy making it! The love makes it worthwhile.. x" lowestformofwit


Guys, I seriously sound so freaking sexy with this stuffy nose 


If reading others happy status messages makes u feel happy, ur innocence deserves much more happiness than that... 


My cat just knocked over by bowl of crackers and now its all over my floor and homework...glad my vacuum cleaner is broken :/ 


More tix available 4 tonite's Stiller game. Really?  Didn't see that coming.   


Cracking phone screen is exactly how I wanted my day to start :) awesome! 


 it's always a shame when someone can't decipher sarcasm. I guess you need the  at the end of tweets?


Wow it's soooooo awesome how many "friends" of mine want to visit me in Pella. 


Shout out to my local Taco Bell. It only took 8 mins to make 2 quesadillas and 3 tacos. 


 you're going to be a great housewife one day.. 


  Just beaten the storm and got to Kent. Bit windy, but that could be the ripe bananas we had to eat up........


 getting slapped at 7:30 in the morning is my favorite thing about work! 


Tired, feel ill and a really bad day... Perfect day for maths ;)  


Great effort  kind of effort you want to see from your captain late in a 2-1 game 


" ain't shit niggas &lt;&lt;&lt;"yes n bitches are A1 these days.. 


 Some should avoid  everyone is talented enough to use it!


My life... Being super sarcastic as an eastern european in the west ;-P    refreshing hearing announcers bash the Bills over every detail.  101


Hey West Coast! What does 2013 feel like? I bet not as cool as 2014!! 


NJ commentators: "not a very good defensive play by Karlsson"...havent heard that one before     0-1


If the  win tonight I bet everyone will say it's because vucevic was out...right? 


Gotta love when family comes to town and they don't tell you. 


Wow  looks REALLY good no wonder they jumped tOSU in the AP poll 


A housemate is talking about wisdom teeth infections at quite some length. It is truly riveting. 
 


If  could turn down the air conditioning that would be great!! It is a wonderful 27 degrees outside!! 


No better time to learn the test material than when taking the actual test &lt;&lt;&lt;    


Time for my favorite part of the day, to do my hair    No reply to personal message about this then?    oh and  you should stop using this company


I'm glad I get sick right at the beginning of my holidays   


Halah gayane wae makan direstoran western tapi ngmg "What's your name" masih remidi. Hahaha  


The ccfc offers just get better and better. I really don't know how I can keep my  stance up    so glad Erick Decker got all the TDs today in the Broncos game instead of Demaryius Thomas! 


Patiently waiting for hubby to get home so we can watch  ... 


First leg day in two weeks got me tossin chunks. Love it!  


Breaking News: Someone said that someone heard that someone saw an iPhone with a 6" screen. Still doesnt make sense, but hey. 


" Just realized I forgot to add Damian Williams to  inactives."chaos for fantasy owners in playoffs now 


Two classes down, two more to go next week.. then Christmas Break!! Oh wait, I have to study for the CPA every day I'm home.  


$GDX having a terrific two days this week.  RT  So - anyone buying 3x Gold Miners ETFs today? 


Watching Donnie Darko with    


I love finding out in-depth details about failing shows from actors I dont know or care about during parade coverage 


That's nice, ITV won't interrupt I'm a Celeb with this sad and breaking news but  did so immediately!  


 what's new?? Haha, remember that time when everyone loved the Bellas much more than AJ? 


Just got two sexy snaps from my friends. Man, they're cute.  


You won't keep a bible out for kids to read cuz it's "man made" but you leave cookies &amp; milk out for Santa. Nice logic.  


You should have one.             wow, food shaming for your tits! how novel 


 no wonder Alabama lost that game to Auburn....Saban is just too old to hack it in College Football 


So  cancelled my order without telling me, because they're not getting the jacket back in.... Glad they told me!!! 


No worries.. I didn't really want to help with your wedding.. Or even be in it.. HA  


Yeah, Dan's had such an illustrious career since he left.  


    Wow!! You sure put me in my place!!  No facts to deal with? Too bad!


This package needs to get here like right now!! Its not like its for a birthday today or anything...  


Can't wait to sit around and do nothing all day 


the texts I receive from you are so loving. 


 NOW the FBI has the criminals right where they want them; they'll show 'em who's boss.    


Great job UPS on helping out on Twitter  


When I see commercials for cologne I instantly can tell what it smells like. 


  truth hurts now go play with your playdough past your bedtime 


when  gooses me in the mall &gt;&gt;&gt; mmmm. my fav  


 You mean legistlators care more about the lobbyists than their constituents?  Hmm...Weird 


...ahhh shit Brian is a cop, nooo wayyy  


Kicked off my police ministry in Beaumont tonight. Really nice guy, but maybe his car needs more lights. 


I love being stuck at home with not shit to do  


 Mora woukd do GREAT with all the media in Texas. 


Ok dhoom3 spoof is out. But when is the movie goin to release    


Of course it snows on the first day that our house is supposed to be getting framed.   


Here's a picture with snow I took because you may have not seen one already.    so if A-Rod is healthy, does he start over Flynn?! Let the speculation begin! Haha... 


Since Kashmir is so vital for national security, I propose AFSPA be extended to all states bordering Pakistan, including Gujarat ;)


Glad you could fuel the fire of hate my sister has towards me   


Thanks  for answering my text last night -_- 


 can't be successful without a little sarcasm. 


Why isn't . outside in his bathing suit celebrating  


1.4 megs down, .44 megs up.   


People are...funny? Sure, that's the word.  


Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was a kid, but I love you now. 


The highlights of my days are when I walk home alone  


Yes Meijer I'd love to do 7 aisles by myself tonight I couldn't think of anything better to do at all   


 not that I'm excited...or anything...  &lt;333      man sorry i missed Steve this morning.  he's so funny on the radio.  gareth too.  


I love spending my Friday nights in an emergency room.  


 being a religion of peace, I assume Al Qaeda, Al Shabaab and Boko Haram are peace activists for eternal peace ... 


 moment of silence at the death of the dome?  


I think I should change my voicemail message to "please hung up and text me" 


 why yes eventually I think it will be over... 


Yeah, none of my family or friends came to see me dance either time. Awesome. Makes me feel so good about myself. 


You're right. I wish my pussy wasn't so loose :(    today is our Christmas luncheon at work. O I'm sooooo excited... 


 these refs are great. Their officiating is top notch today. In no way is it slowing down or negatively effecting the game 


Dear TV anchors, it is Prithviraj Chavan, not Prithviraj Chauhan. There's a difference. :P



 ; What I look forward to the most after the 9to5...  -_-


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.       


I really love being tired from a bad nights sleep   


I think Chris Johnson just ran for more yards than Trent Richardson has this season.  


The Astros are jealous of SMU football's attendance today. 


 he has regressed dramatically from last year. Not the same guy. Maybe it's the visor 


 I am very effusive that I am at work and not getting swagbucks! Swag Name: jennaeevans  


The Goofmart managers put up holiday decorations in the store. I'm now overwhelmed with holiday spirit. 


 But what abt his eternal soul burning in hell? We should ostracize and bully him now till he sees error of his ways! 


Christmas Day ITV evening Emmerdale for 1hr  then Coronation Street and 2 hours of Downtown Abbey!   


I sure hope no one fails that Pre-Cal test tomorrow.  


So after reducing WI public sector union power to girl scout troop level, the state deficit is HIGHER? So they aren't the problem?? 


Could you at least smile on your birthday   you like to throw another interception? 


            snowing? I didn't know because there wasn't a million tweets and facebook statuses about it 


I am the perfect teenager.... I get to stay up all night, and get paid for it.  


yeahh I don't got shit to do, you can be late...  


Thanks to commentators and ESPN analysts hyping the Colts being outscored in the first half this season but not our WINS!  


 : Arrested bc you swerved off the road it was so funny?  I don't get it, must be why I'm still single.  


Can't wait to see everyone and hear all the "I feel like I haven't seen you since last year" jokes... 


so, talented me walked into a brick yesterday and i think i broke my toe and now im really happy  


Tara all he wants to do is have a rational conversation. I mean have some class!   


 Just like baseball. How dare you use facts and statistics to dispute what my well-trained eye can see. 


I honestly have never had a better day. Lovin it.. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I wonder who won the Heat/Pacers game cuz it hasn't been covered on  yet  


Cashing in on what someone else created.  Hope they are proud   Should be ashamed of themselves!!!


I love putting forth effort and getting near nothing in return!  


 God forbid we would have a Prez that would want to start a dialog with Castro. That would be a bad thing. 


   no one would really wanna die at the kang


you know it's gonna be a stellar day when a test completely owns you first thing in the morning 


 Lol of course. You must always reply to those. 


(oO)**. *Skipping Happily Off to Work*  Happy Monday!!


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 WHAT?!?! Why is this the first I'm hearing about this!?




If ur magaling, people will notice it. As in using tlga ur brains ha. Not using ur mouth. Different kasi yun eh.  


Walking to Nicarry at 7:00 was bad enough but the ice on the way is just the icing on the cake for my first final! 


 You mean stretching post-workout doesn't alleviate DOMS??  


Thank You Dennis Allen Your QB Choice  Is Working  


i have this great idea and i know you're like "shit i might lose" hahahahahahahahhaha 


Well duh!.....everyone knows that word...   property and real estate taxes!! Wooooh!! -_- 


God, don't you just love it when you think you're following someone smart and they turn out to be idiotic? Love the feeling. 


You think Malala is a drama? She should win an Oscar for her performance regarding her left facial nerve palsy.  


And many thanks to  for suggesting the early flight time.  At least traffic was no factor on the roads this a.m.!


Sidney Crosby's on Team Canada! Thanks for not taking him, USA!  


Im glad ill be out to eat while everyone is at this justin timberlake concert 


Yay. Country Music for the Halftime Show..   


 But the SEC is awesome, Doug. Greatest conference in the land. If they are tops in SEC, they are tops in football. 


Doesn't get much better than spending your whole weekend at work  


Getting kicked in the jaw is the best thing to wake up too. 


A whole six months of having twitter and I have like five followers, things are looking up  shit is that even right? Haha whatever.


i came in like a wreaking ball i never mean to start a war!!!!!!!!  


It smells like moth balls upstairs in my house. Luckily that's my FAVORITE smell ever!  


 oh because duke has been soooo amazing this year  


Can someone else post a picture of the sky please 


 //sounds like Aus is a fun place to run from wild life. 


Apna kaam banta, bhaad mein jaaye janta  at its best, and right to be sad. Yeh public hai sab janti hai...


Closing the store one night and opening it the next morning. Definitely the most fun anyone will ever have. 


  oops forgot  and  tags - also  


 will score one goal and still be first on  Great win for 


We all cracked opened a beer at 3:00pm. Boss is gone. Talk about a productive 2 hours. 


New strategy, drive to the lane and draw a foul. Thanks NCAA.  


So Ohio State is definitely the second best team in the nation... 


Of course the folks who only read the headline will call him a "sell out" tho. Yall Be knowin.... 


WHO MARIA? WHO SHOULD HE ASK? You can't just LEAVE on this CRUCIAL cliff hanger  


Forecast is below 0 windchill for tomorrow's Living History Farm race. Can't wait to run through creeks!! 


 Yes, those  and defaming toxicology reports.  

 a friend: "I truly admire all of the ethnic women supporting the  cause" 


Back to labor... And they said it wouldn't be amazing...  


Al Michaels is super excited the Eagles scored. 


I was wearing that tight ass polo for 9 hours. My arms finally have circulation. Being fucking huge af is hard  


This professor is "teaching" by writing the same equation on the board 13 times. Good job. I'm learning a lot. 


Not a good time to be ill, bring on the revision. 


 the bigger lesson: someone always must be blamed for the failure of others. 


 it should help with their recruiting for next year! 


 yes because her vote is important!  I got Kayla AND katelin too! 


Reindeer yesterday in Bangor           up, stretched towards my phone to cancel the alarm and pulled my calf muscle. I'm such a boss.  


Gosh, some people are sooooo... arggghh. At this point  would drive the point across


Dinners ready. Mtn Man is still not home from crossfit. This day keeps getting better.  


I get to spend hours and hours on campus in a computer lab working on a project today. Yay. 


 What's left to make fun of a state who's CM is Namo?         


Figured since no one is tweeting about the Eagles vs. Cowboys game, I otta...   Cowboys suck anyways..  


Another great  hosted, if I do say so myself. Hope you all enjoyed it. If you didn't, that's unfortunate. 


my fat ass is eating another donut. my depression gets better everyday. 


!!!!! Don't infringe on my right NOT TO CODE, Barack HUSSEIN Obama!!!!    


 Don't be silly, if they don't play it that loud, they can't hear it above the cement mixer! 


So missing the girls basketball game is just great. 


I've started reading the Harry Potter series again. For the fourth time. This should work wonders for my insomnia. 


Driving with this girl isn't scary at all   Didn't you know the First Amendment only applies to Christians? After all, they were the first legit people in this country. 


He let go of the last chance for him to look good with half of his face blocked   legislators  " An example is ....... "  A suite of furniture 


Alone at Megan's camp. This isn't creepy at all!  


.   Astral projection is the cheapest form of transportation. 


  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not. 


Overhearing some great  chat on the train back from Hamilton  


  if you honestly think hes the worst qb in history  


Yay I get no space in my own room to put my stuff   


What a great fucking start to the day  I need a beer already.


Hard to see why Kadri is a constant tenant in Carlyle's doghouse. 


I See Fire is AWESOME!!!

(Bet you didn't see that one coming. 


Love coming into work to credit card network offline and then being on the phone with bp since 7:00 


you know I just don't think  gets to shoot the ball enough during the game. Thunder need to find him more shots 


 i don't think you can get much better than 13 days before christmas. 


" Justin Bieber has announced his retirement and will no longer be producing music  darn... 


You can here the Patriot fans booing while Vivkerson (I believe) laid there in pain.  


  especially with the way they addressed the outfield last offseason 


  good thing we traded him for Heatley and Seto   


Easy 5 miles in the slop today because it had to be done. Love  training. 


So, I guess a friend coming over and logging in deletes ALL of your Killer Instinct data? Awesome!!  


Cramps, migraines, coughing, i don't think this day could get any better! 


Thanks for letting me know to plug my phone in the charger when it's at 1%. I never I had to charge it    NBD, it's only been 3 weeks since my order should have been delivered. No need to respond to my inquiries.  


 funny guy.       


Thanks  I'm going to feel greeeaaattt tomorrow... 


Yes Taylor, I would love to have your toenail clippings all over my bed...   haha


Damn Kayne. That video for Bound 2 is genius  


I love my so called freedom. I hate paying taxes for wars and lazy fuckers,  but I do bcuz I love my country.  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Wow! What a surprise! Jimmy Johnson won the  Championship.  I am in complete shock! Who would have guessed?  


Watching a lecture on washing hands... SO exciting 


I love wasting time and money on people who dont even really like me 


I love waking up to Nickel Back after a night of drink.  


Oh she doesn't want to do a dance, okay let's stop everything and do it her way.  


"Should I write in on paper?"
"No, write it on a napkin." Hahah best class ever     


Hahaha! I saw this on an SUV in the parking lot. Too funny (sorry for the language).    and Jesus are white and historical figures!  Really?! 
 RT  Really glad I started Jake Locker today


 The glee christmas special that has been The coolest episode I've seen this year  


If you don't have anything nice to say, come sit with me         C'mon man, Jerry Rice added little. He really did it himself. 


Everyone wants Justine Saccos head, but people are defending Phil Robertsons. What happened to free speech?  


Sven Baertschi sent to Abbotsford. Geez, never saw that coming. 


 I don't have xbox Or play station I have a wii lol 


Woke up with terrible headache.. Can Monday even start better?!  


I love love love when someone makes everything all about them in a group situation.  


Can you relate part 2        wait to get home and go through email, mail, etc. 


Yeah wooh yeah wooh we are going out to thrash Ipswich at home , with 1 upfront and 2 holding midfielders ,  


Love how Yankees fans are quick to love their new center fielder 


Wondering if anything important is supposed to happen in  Christmas Special 


New year's eve and I get to work a double, yay!  11 to 11 


USA not just behind in    


So CUTE of Obama to make up  unemployment numbers at the same time the Fed slows the presses!  Obama REALLY is a Genius 


i just love when people read my text and don't reply.  


Now how yu feel? Not that I really gaf!  of 


 didn't you know by now that you can't criticize any coach/player? 


Nah . I ain't crying over you. You don't mean that much to me. 

 


Apparently  is going to make a return while I'm at  today. Should make this day go by quicker. 


You know, I can't think of a better way to ring in 2014 than with sub-zero temperatures!!    so glad Mr. Jones always puts up an answer key for his reviews 


no, seriously, it's okay to act like I don't exist, it makes me so happy. 


My long time friend, thanks for the respect 


Can Lil Mama please perform her infamous best selling chart topper "lip gloss"? it's so poppin  


 haha. That asking an awful lot.    Blue lot was only about 60% at 1:00


 Whaaat!? Rick didn't get it?..  We're going to have thee best people on the team this year too. 


Gonna brave the mall today for some last minute Christmas shopping. Parking is gonna be sooooooo much fun~ 


???? Cause I wish I was but the way my daughter set up....       
You may like to shift to Finnish or Belgian politics may be! Vastly more entertaining 


So who's going with me to the Microsoft store grand opening on Saturday? 


That 4 for 13 stat line has Heisman written all over it.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 look at your phone tht will tell ya
 ass 


Not like I wanted to talk to you anyways.   


Hey my favorite last 4 mins of a Vikings game. 


Albions away following looking massive as per!     


And after spending the day with you I can't fathom why I stopped talking to you. 


Stafford welcomed back to the field by  fans. 


Off site training for two days! Oh joy!  I'm ret ta go!


so I see  has officially announced  expansion. Didn't see that coming.   


 yeah Phillips was a steadying force back there.  


Looooove how Madison sent me a pic of the study guide. 


Thanks for being so supportive, I appreciate it. 


Just woke up and feeling light headed.. The joys of an extended duty.. 


 you're terrible! This will steal my entire evening :D 


Don't you just love stress headaches, cause I sure do?  


 Because eating disorders are funny and being a decent respectful person is overrated  


Twitter needs to make a  font available to it's users


is it jus me or does  hav alotta Asian based titles like a billion of em of wut looks like the exact same actors  


oh no it's not like I can tell ur ignorin me please keep goin i love it  


Studied. Worked. Wrote. Did laundry. Read. Studied more.
What a crazy Saturday!    


Take him down, lay there.  No way GSP trained this guy.    


This is the best. Just the absolute best!   


 is actually not that common..
      mom just called me a greedy fat ass because I ate something in the refrigerator. Because it clearly said her name on it 


So glad my ethics form was sent back with nothing needing to be changed   


So  is going up against  Oh yeah.... this is gonna be a match of the year candidate.  


Hey twitter, I think if you keep protesting the new rule change the NCAA will change it! 


Conversations I have with my         That last tweet.. may of contained  which goes hand in hand with DarkSouls... well that &amp; tears &amp; bitterness 


 I'm joking I said Warriors/Pacers in the finals on the previous tweet 


Trains out of Euston suspended due to flooding in Milton Keynes.  


 I've had sex with 15 people this semester. Elon has been treating you WELL  


I don't have windows so thank you y'all for letting me know it's snowing outside 


Sitting here awkwardly while they criticize bisexuals  


Such a friendly way to walk in the store ,  !!    day just keeps getting better and better. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  hope you made it back across the border safely my favorite Canadian! Do you sense the  here? 


Love how we used to be so close but now you pretty much just ignore me 


A high of -15 for tomorrow??? More snow?? Does it get any better than this?  lives here.


The Aggies are getting whupped by the Dukies.  Aww...what a shame.  I'd hate to see Johnny Manziel go out a loser.  


I bet bobsleder's sit at a bar and hit on models all night.   


I just love getting "news" before so called journalists...thanks social media!...


  and snow a snow shovel to beat a dead horse 


Shoutout to the niggas that dont answer. I love ya'll the most  


how do you even find someone with the exact same name...man i must be lucky 


woke up at 6 AM feeling sick to my stomach... This day is gonna be greatttt.  


It's a toasty 30 degrees in the      doesn't even begin to describe it. 


 after all we don't care about facts. They get in the way and prevent us fr getting what we want 


Heck of a fun sports weekend.    


I love working on Saturdays especially when it takes up my hole entire day. 


Yes, start calling the devs names. I'm sure that will bring them around to seeing your point. 


I love how all of a sudden 'injuries are a factor for length of suspension' lmfao I mean honestly that's just wonderful to hear 


This Pre calc review is definitely going to help me on the exam  


 hahaha I mean we should all be with our great teaching staff. 


That fuck nigga Ralph's snap chat got me thinking lol...he still thinks about me ahaa how cute!!:) 


Verge putting scores to their phone reviews is silly, they only had 1/2 a month with the phone &amp; it festers android/iOS fanboy wars 


oh good. guest reviewers are using my review box to argue about stuff. good times. 


 yeah. it's really amazing! (cc:   


Well today was really really boring. Great way to kick off christmas break!


 You never listen to metal.  Ever.  You hate it, I know you do. 


Between being woken up at an ungodly hour and the pain in my lower back, I have a feeling today is going to be AWESOME. 


Off to Afton Central School. Best school ever!!!  


I just love people not coming to get their laundry out of the washing machine/dryer in a timely fashion. 


  you should be sentenced to lifetime prison for toheen-e-nutella!  


     Why should the POTUS be afraid of American citizens? 


Hugo LOLIS 3rd huge mistake in 2 weeks. Still better than Szczesny though! 


two days into 2014 and everyones flipping out... yay drama 


 I had to do a racism debate against her. That was so much fun. 


Aw can't wait to see the VS fashion show tweets 


Wow  's fans are so nice, sending me abuse for sticking up for  


I love all of these cracks on my phone they're just beautiful




I'm glad I came to work instead of going to Florida with my Fam    at least I got my circle here...oh wait 


 Sure am glad the  has raised an Alarm What about STOPPING the violence? Too radical a concept I guess 


Please continue to talk shit, it makes you such a badd ass ....  


Fun is one word to describe tomoro - soccer and I have no bond whatsoever and have to have my life gaurd decision made  


The DOW was at 7949 the day President  took office in 2009 today it closed above 16,000 (yeah, Obama's economy totally sucks) 


Me: What is wrong with me?/ I really want to know...

Dalt: /I don't have time...   


 Oh man a bunch of Biola kids took a picture of the sunset today?!?!?  That's really surprising!!! 


 big bucks Rushe  aww so excited LOL  book my taxi to the bank in advance?


 =hashtag+saturday
BASICALLY SUM IT UP IN         


I love the Trafford centre at Christmas, it makes me feel so happy that everyone decides to get their presents at the last min  


So... students were caught having sex in the MPR? Way to go Vikings... 


Android 4.3 update due for the Galaxy S3 tomorrow. Fingers crossed AT&amp;T will actually follow through. 


 Only a few times a year  read the twitter name kid ;) haha


I see the boy-band heartthrob won I'm not really a celebrity, just desperate for exposure . 


It's been snowing since I woke up. S/o to whoever prayed for a white Christmas!  


 Bamboozled, not swindled. Come on, Mannix, get it together. 


 oooo, really was hoping for Tyson Alualu 


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      are attacking Santa and Phil Roberson. Maybe they just don't like men with beards. 


Well the Ducks lost, I guess there's nothing left to do but quit my job and watch Twilight.  


This  is getting ugly. Ohio State will never lose again. 


 Sometimes it's physically painful to hold back my sarcastic comments. 


 Because apparently, this is news.... So glad I pay my licence fee to BBC for amazing headlines like this! 


Top 10 reasons to oppose marriage equality.
 SOOO looking forward to AP Gov tomorrow  


good thing i checked twitter or i would have never known that it was snowing 


Trying to teach myself Italian... Because the teachers had such luck getting me to retain French 


Oh yeah I just love when I'm editing for 3 days &amp; on the 3rd I decide to scrap it all &amp; start over.    


Isn't so awful that Phil Robertson has an opinion? Shame on him!  


Yo I'm a tool hit me up at 111-375-FUCK if you wanna chill 


When it comes to being patient I'm the best in the world. 


  fantastic news! Sherwood will change things around and we will start banging in goals for fun. CL awaits! 


I forget that in America only men can be confident without being conceited and aggressive without being bitchy.. 


Florida Georgia Line is on  tomorrow. Heck yeah 


  Vancouver Canucks are such a good hockey team!  best third period team in the league! 


Oh good, the advertisements work for the streaming video I want, but not the video itself!  


Well this is just awesome.     carries a ghettoblaster onto a Ryanair flight. This guy is so cool.   


Not sure about the music in this dentist office, everything from '1234' by plain white t's, to 'circle of life'  


I get home from work and see I have an influx of twitter followers. Soooo surprised all my LA kids started following me  


"   Liann, I allowed you to lick my ass only rather than smelling it too. Lmao!" Niceeee  lmao


What Xianity needs is more romance novels w/ white women from the 1800s wearing bonnets on the cover &amp; glorification of that period.


actually im kind of tired hearing about your family being sinners xD talk about being committed to god 


i still dont think the amount of phil robertson tweets and posts are high enough 


 I saw him the craziest place like who knew he would be there 


  I don't think the Manning brothers know what that means 


 Ofc it is not possible... how can those poor souls ( threaten a Shia. They are good ppl.  


Seasons, plant intake vs animal intake, the human body, and more. That could ONLY be a big explosion! 


Thank you bitch, I'm using a ciplak phone now. Thanks to you, I can pay more attention in class. Thank you. 


Yeah thanks manager for calling me back with my updated schedule. I appreciated that. 


Fantastic, I just discovered that my Twitter account has been re-tweeting spam in Russian.  I love technology. 


You know what's awesome? Locking yourself and your coughing kid out of the house when it's 30 degrees outside.  


Times flying by.....it's firework night already! 


Tweet about me so I know it's real.....   


 Gee, I NEVER would have guessed THAT result! 


overjoyed about the yard work i'm doing today. 


  the burden of proof is on you ELIJIAH! Stop deflecting you silly theist! 


Coming home from work to do coursework! When did my life become so exciting? 


Raptors are better without Gay and the Lakers are better without Kobe. 


Photo: I dont know if its  or     (at Va Argentina)  so lucky! 
What a delightful shade of pink my eye is, &amp; it tickles like a kitten's whisker! 

 


I mean, it's pretty obvious that GZ was just standing his ground. GF probably had it coming. 


guys, get this 100 RT and i will stop smoking    


Styled my hair in a new way, tossed my head and asked my 8 year old "what do you think?" She responds "ok Justin Beiber".  


You know what's cool about being on vacation in the middle of nowhere ?no Netflix ! 


Chilling with my 16 year old brother and his friends on a Saturday night.    


Writing a 12-page research paper during break is truly one of my favorite things to do.   


A leather parachute is business attire. Sweet. 


Thanks to procrastination i didn't go to the gym today. What a productive day 


Thank you  for not allowing me to sign in with    wants to buy some  offa me? shipment will via an octocoptor drone. l.o.l. s.m.h. 


I got one single talent, and thats called 


Taking away income from some of the only people left with a form of stable income seems really smart.    


Finally all kids are asleep ... Oh great match of the day is on 


It's really great that everyone can look past how much of a whale Jennifer Lawrence is &amp; still be able to love her. 


Saying "Run Forrest, Run" while I run past them. Damn that's original! 


" Class 6A State Championship
Jenks VS Union" never saw that coming 


You strong? I'm strong you strong? Then we strong.  


 part timer, can't even spell Copeland properly 


"We are some highly experienced robot designers bc we can build straw towers and make environmental posters."   


I can't believe we lost Kobe's first game back. 


 but you can always check it down   


 Got to love all of that  coming from the  boosting stock prices ever higher! 


You wanna talk about fun? Try 6 pages of financial statements in an accounting class! That's fun! 


  Marching Chiefs at Swamp. Them Gator fans really came out to support their team.    Nigerians have the clearest english accents. 


Boy UofL really treats their Alumni good when trying to get single game tickets... 


Thank you, person who doesnt get sarcasm.
No, really, I mean it. Thank you sooooooo much.
 


Can't make my mind up as to whether Joey is an absolute mong or just really funny 


  Yea, I mean bringing in Greg Schiano had to instill confidence in where the team was going. 


I love how Scooter is promoting Justin so much Its amazing 


Being forgotten is so cool, gives me a feeling like no other 


Running on no sleep what so ever. Today should be a GREAT day! 


Perfect traveling weather         Kansas City  ate a breakfast of hard boiled eggs, sausage, toast, and a cup of coffee. Middle age snuck up quick.  


Pf totally       plus super compelling football game competing against it 


A little part of me dies every time I get kicked from a lobby and called a booster 


Caring about issues that matter.    Christian asked how he did covering for you......he did great, but I missed the 


Ain't nothing big about heavy rains or national day in Oman.  


god forbid i go to publix without seeing someone i know 


Fixing me a big load of bacon just because I like eating healthy..



 goodie.. I love sitting on hold for hours at a time.  thanks for nothing. Last time I fly American.


 and  .... Two things most people don't get .. Those do would be smiling now ..


 gets 10 years prison for what the government does daily. Hooray freedom. I'm glad freedom of speech stands strong. 


I love it when you do that shit it makes me so fucking happy like my smile is bigger then the kool-aid man  


One of my favorite things ever is to get the blue screen of death from my computer while writing a final paper. 


Here's to starting the week off tired !   


Impressed that I went to work last night smashed and only came away with glass shards in my hands...   


 after the millionth try it worked, for no apparent reason. Thanks for all your help 


 team is reporting from the  Robotics Challenge in Miami this weekend   bc I kno u care 


New travel advisory if you're travelling to india: Our 'sanskriti' does not permit homosexuality. Travel at your own risk.  


first night of night shift, full moon, a week until Christmas... yeah what could go wrong    


Someone hit my PARKED car while I was working. Can you say best birthday ever. 


I love how many people texts me. Keeps me entertained. 


 lol yes I know. I should start hash tagging my sarcasm. 


 
Unfortunately govt does not share you extremists views, you whacko lefty  


i was just asked by  "When does KU play their bowl?" HAHAHAHAHA, hes really funny! 


The awkward when you already said "moment" in your mind before you read this.  


Some people are such bad asses, i mean shit, i wouldn't wanna fuck with someone who flips off the camera, they are so hardcore. 


3rd time this week taking a cold bath. 
happiest girl everrr. 




Jonas Hiller in the net. Good luck scoring San Jose! 


My roommate just informed me that the Xbox One is available today. Holy crap, I had NO IDEA 


Yay now i get to sit at walmart till 8.  


  they need to be open between 8-9 am when I get my espresso. After I get my needs met, they can go. 


I love when my girlfriend falls asleep on me!  


Lol at people's reaction on Bieber's tweet on my tl. 'Lol' 'really?' 'Okay'  


 ESPN is the foremost expert in the law. 


   how is she sarcastic it's fab! 


Shout out to Frex for having me up this early on a Saturday morning to take a final. 


Im sure  is recommending Todd Haley as new head coach for Texans.  He has seen his excellence first hand! 


The way I just cut my hair &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Didn't know I had it in me, 


I love it when drunk old people are really obnoxiously loud in restaurants  


Thanks for that boost of confidence dad.  


I love how you join a game in progress, dont spawn in and yet it still counts as a loss :DDDD   ........


Stayed in tonight coz I'm well excited for work tomorrow   


Haven't been on the Twitter all day. Glad I got on here to learn storms are coming.   


 Took you long enough to work that out *sarcastic slow clap*    


Thanks hunting guys..no I don't need my makeup or shower or bathroom u can have it alll morning 


Damn those majority minority districts. "  that why they went with redistricting and gerrymandering." 


I will get a chance of scenery though from southern utah to northern utah woop woop 


  tots a set up to promote the last movie, the killed him so we would go watch it.   


 lmao. Oh sorry you didn't recognize the   Lol


You went to jail...yeah you're totally right you were such a keeper 


i've got this big red mark on my face thanks to a mustache hair remover thingy. looks awesoooooome. 


I have already had a shitty day and now I'm going to make myself feel even better by watching the   


 And somewhere, a member of Ford Village starts a slow clap. Nailed it. 


Fabulous to know about you.. What else do I need to know? 


I would be able to go home today if it wasn't for track :))))  


 nothing will beat our student section from last year 


Lmao I'm so glad everyone is in such a good mood with Christmas coming!!!! 


I watched so much football with  this break it's unreal. She loves it! 


Some people need to realize that they are very much obliged to remember the help they've received from others. 


I'm SUPER excited there's a high of 36 degrees today and I have to spend the day outside   


 Roddy played last week??? I never saw him. 


It's time for my hungover adventure at my favorite place ever, work! Yay!    


Memorizing those big complicated words in Pathophysiology is a dream come true. 


 This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player.  chill


 So am I, didn't mean it that way sorry. 


No it's okay, I'd rather cry in my bed all day anyway..


 ha. Nice garms in that pic on  . Pink trousers and socks! good look 


Looks like  controversy resolved. Now, the media will turn its attention to the equally important  resignation. 


I agree with lambert about the FA cup. At least we can concentrate on getting into Europe now. 


Saw a couple wearing matching flannel shirts.  


New sofa is being delivered tomorrow between 9am-12pm. Which means I probably can't make it to work at all right? Oh darn... 


Not only did I have to scrape the windows on the outside of my car, but I also had to scrape the inside   


Who saw this coming?  Obamacare confusion: Frustrated patients leave hospitals UNTREATED  via  


 Omg its night here. Have an amazing day at school!  bc hate school. Night! xx


oh your 12 and think your cute? being bi-sexual, pregnant, AND smoke more then a house fire. your right thats so freaking adorable 



This photo VERY accurately describes JUST how much Copper loves bath time. ;)    i was kidding about the jimmy howard tweet i forgot the  sorry


"Hey girl" --a line that is hardly EVER heard in a country song.




Phones are gettin' skinnier and smarter while people are gettin' fatter and dumber! 


 Romo got a huge win against the 3-11 Redskins, he's an ELITE QB 


Thank you to everyone who posted pictures of snow, I have never seen it before. Oh and I don't have a window  


I'm so happy we're going back to the good old days, I missed a friendly chat at a checkpoint with the local policeman 


What is common in grl and investor?
Both wish for nice guy but choose jerk. Thats why startups and marriages are crashing.
 


I love when party chat doesn't work/  doesn't use it. Makes it really fun to be in a party with him 


Wait, a team coached by ANDY REID is blowing a huge lead ? I for one am SHOCKED! 


I try talking to my mother about college, and she tells me I might as well not even go. Thanks for the support. 


Wow these people are pro at using their turn signals... 


Today is starting off as great as yesterday ended. I'm so happy. 


saw a  dat said: "CANT FEED DONT BREED" and my first thought was next line shuld be: "TIE IT OR SNIP IT"  


 A Center for MVP? He gets the ball to the QB while calling out every block n blocking/snapping at same time  


I'm cold sweating, caughing and my nose is clogged. YAY FOR LIFE! 


 going great united lost their first 2 games! Over the moon!  


"im not two timing... im one timing two women at the same time" -   


 yes carley i know  :-) good morning by the way..


 if true  should come out now &amp; challenge  &amp; the GOP to stand behind him in the name if tolerance 


It's 8:30 am and the kids have already been in 3 physical fights. Happy Monday! 


 stop lying. you know your gonna be on youtube complaining about G+ and how bad shit is lol. 


Can't be bothered for 2moro n Friday at work then 6 days off LOOOONG  


Of course, stopping deliveries to home, cutting jobs and raising the price of your service over 50% will help.  


  nothing funnier than using a sports pun when referring to sexual assault charges!   


My copyright's being infringed upon!   If you see a meme using one of my covers, please tell them to knock it off. M'kay?


" We all know someone with a nice ass named Megan"  


Keep at it though, it'll get better!  I promise...   


 you must be on steroids,how else can you get in really good shape?   


So apparently I have to make 2 cakes and buffalo chicken dip GREAT 


So glad I get to be wide awake the night before school 


 yeah but trent couldn't start for bama either 


. cuz snapping their necks or driving a pick in their skull isn't cruel  


Little Holi-hump-day humor          customs efficiency  is at an all time high ... has said no one ever 


I'm shocked!  RT  Studies show Americans ages 18-29 are far more stressed out that anyone else in the country.


  it's always a great weekend when you are from Ohio. 


 gives the greatest ideas for birthdays.  


 the much anticipated Giants vs Seahawks game... 


1444 saints fans travelling to the   game today, aye Scottish football is dying right enough  


He has sooooo much fun with me  lol        So they do have books in Texas... Not just guns. 


Relax, fans. This cinches the title in 2014.  RT  The  have claimed RHP Liam Hendriks off of waivers from the Cubs.


Rapey guys should have to buy liability insurance then too right  


So glad I'm still at the studio when I have to be back here in less than 12 hours!  


I just love how I have to navigate through the videos YouTube deems important before getting to my search results. 


 cause clearly Matthew stafford is a top 5 qb of all time 


   At least Simon hasn'r lost his  Thank God! He tells it like it is &amp; usually Spot On! :D


   Psh. No. That isn't even weird.  


Wevare gonna destroy united...  no but we really are...


 sure looks like the pacers are better! 


. still doesn't beat Mrs. Claus' dumplings, if you know what I'm saying...oh yeah.   critic


 it was  if u must know, it's a Pioneer


my day just keeps gettin better more and more... 


Feeling very ill at the moment. Having to go to work later is surely going to be a great cure. 


3 followers on Twitter?! It's like I'm one of those popular kids or something 


Today is going to be a long day. So happy that they extended how many hours we are open today at work and I'm closing. 


The amount of pain my lower back is feeling rn is absolutely amazing 


sick of the whole "American captive in North Korea" business...didn't see that one coming! 


 : Tim Walker twisted your words? No way! That's not possible. He would never do that. 


This immediately iconic photo of Uruguays president must be seen to be believed     


Running a full day workshop with sore throat .... This is going to be a fun day 


10 minute sa se faca un amarat de update la soft. Thanks Apple! 


Tom Daley is gay ? Wow what a shocker !!   Glad to see my gaydar still works !!


 You're supposed to put it vertical. That's why they made it slanted.................. 


GSP needs to retire. He's got nothing left to offer. He's embarrassing himself and an entire nation. 


PHITO: Happy Monday everyone!      from ...      Lmao so very true now remind me what's democracy mean? 


  can't argue that. But Kiffin didn't want defensive players! 


Christmas Eve shopping the perfect time to walk slowly hand in hand with your partner  


All of you auburn fans who are going for Oklahoma... y'all are cute 


Exactly how I wanted to spend my last day of the break   Hmm I'm sensing a smidgen of  Don't worry after a few seconds you prolly won't feel anything at all. 


Ya, my parents are Very nice not strict At All I have soooo much freedom 


To be fair to England, this Aussie team is their best in decades, and never before have I seen a bowler as good as Johnson.  


 that isn't going to end in tears is it? 


Errands all day. Off to Newbury, then Kenmore. I'm only telling all of you this because I know you care so much.   


 Today is one of those days, you know... bitchy with a chance of 


I love when I go to a capstone English class in my major, and we discuss non-academic articles for the whole class   


 my team as a whole is just rolling this week! 


 i love all the glitches like getting kia randomly 


Nothing I love more then heavily drinkin on thanksgiving!  


I absolutely love walking into a va bathroom and smelling old lady piss 


. Obama should just make it easier &amp; give them 1 of ours  


Boy howdy you sure are convincing me you want me. 


Well at least Turgeon is keeping the Terps in it against those power house Golden Hurricanes. 


Oh great 6 more years with Cutler as a Chicago Bear. 


On duty tonight for the approximate 4 people left on campus...y'all betta not cause a rukkus...   


Target won't stock Beyonce CD. Yeah, you tell her Target...   Flacos stats right now are dirty   


 you'd be surprised don, some belters have better dress sense than the majority of our school 


Just love when my longest run happens to fall on the coldest/iciest/snowiest day of the week 


loving my dog right now.... apparently my broken fingers are his new chew toy..  


 I'm sure the concern about adding an extra day in May,or heaven forbid, JUNE, was a top consideration...    Be safe.


 Wait...are  and  fighting again?  I hadn't heard.  


I should just post constant pictures of a boy that doesn't love me as much as I love him..   


tomorrow is a no makeup and essay writing day..  


thank youuuu for responding, it means so much 


Suffering through continuous power outages is how I love to spend my evenings... 


Watching a movie in geography.. about fish..  


Breaking news folks! My sis in law (whose 18 &amp; lives with her bf) took the big scary 15 min bus ride home the other day! So proud  


 nice one. That will sort him out. I bet he is really worried about it. The stigma of an ASBO will straighten him out. 


Great showing today from Fulham. Really impressed with the urgency our players are playing with.  


Just what I've been waiting for: the release of 911 calls surrounding Sandy Hook shootings.  


Well this is turning out to be such a lovely night. 


Train  has finally arrived.  Thanks for not keeping us informed,  


   Sure, but I guess there's no bias. I'm sure almost everyone would agree with you Gallagher &gt; AFH  


 is in full swing at     this has turned out to be a great NYE so far.    


It's my favourite day of the year - the day I go Christmas shopping 


This is how the conversations between my sister and I go    it's a whopping SIX degrees outside !! It's really warming up !! 




Slipped and fell on my previously broken tailbone today, felt great. 


  lol certainly didn't see that coming... 


Just the way people want to spend Christmas Eve, trying to log onto a website to get something they are forced to buy under penalty 


I remember when I was 10. But my birthday is Wednesday so ill be turning 11 so maybe ill grow up Wish me a happy birthday everyone! 


The one when your uncle visits from up North, and you ask what he'd like to drink, and he say's STELLA !! And the Banter Begins 


  I am the fittest person alive!  


finally done all work in for this week, now to start the work in for next week!  


 that's so great, thank you so much for sharing.   


 Starting to think crowbars have nothing to do with crows. Whaaa???  


Anybody know how the Bison did?  Been kinda quite...  
  


You're with the guy I like. Hahahaha that's golden. Thank you, life, for yet again never ceasing to amaze me. 


89% men mistake a woman's friendly behavior with flirting.  


  Doesn't have an agent? How can he possibly help his team? 


What?!  fans start warming up! RT" Hey  Seattle once again has Guiness World Record! Cool, right? 


Oh well - the cricket should be good later  


Thank you, WTC, for not sending the correct transcript to A&amp;M. I really, really, really appreciate it a whole bunch.
 


Sky proving they are not a joke outfit with that fantastically unbiased Liverpool love-in panel. 


Get to watch the mavs game home alone yaaaaay   


I still can't believe the crazy flower girl stayed!! What a shocker!! 


 Michigan fans would never bad mouth OSU it only goes one way.  


Will the Chiefs use backup kickers and backup punters? 


 Too many of my packages are darn late, some tht were gifts and not even for me -.-  How convenient   annoyed


Oh this is magical.....fuck you snow storm for screwing up my satellite. Fml...I love staring at a blank screen on my tv. 


oh really? what a nice face do you have there, that i want to crash a bottled water in you face..hahahaha 


I cant wait to hear Watson complain about how behind we are because of our days off. 


Woo, get to spend pretty much my whole weekend at work!  9hours today and 8hours tomorrow


Top class analysis as always from gary and Jamie 


Nothing brightens up my morning like a surprise final exam... 


This is embarrassing for Perez, thank god McLaren have ditched him, he's just not matching Button - Perez is actually going forward 


 Instant column: HEY, GARY, THIS BLOODS ON YOUR HANDS  But but he saved The Pens!!! 


I'm glad  and Sunday Night Football is basically Broncos Season Ticket. There are no other games I want to see. 


Risking my life by attempting to survive Christmas without an advent calendar! Wish me luck!   


Waking up with a massive headache is the best! 


Oh good morning, yes I would looooove some freezing rain  


Maybe I should go les, the male population keeps screwing me over.   


Thank goodness there's an announced Miz/Kofi match! This PPV was really lacking without it.  


Yay, more screen passes on third and long.   


SOOOOO awesome to see the  doing NOTHING so far in the FA market!! 


Well this sat night has been that exciting I'm getting in bed to watch a film!! 


Gary Barlow in the new compare the meerkat advert. Wow 


My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, I said No, but I want a regular banana later, so yeah.
 


Haha me all over       I see you were really into that Rod Ford story. Showed real interest.   


  But you don't say anything funny.. ?? 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                       


 so when you say playful monster that isn't a comment on any part of your body? 


Drying of shopping carts is soooo much fun     


.  If ONLY someone had predicted this would happen! 


I really really need the money.. Thank god I get paid 7.60 an hour 


Yea people are right... a cold weather super bowl is a stupid idea.  


  I had an all night cricket marathon     


Yup, I'm talking to another person right now. Your so smart! Lol 


 honestly its not like all sports are off the sports are corrupted already 


 3rd quarters should be sponsored by Moheegan Sun:" When it's your time to shine!"... They absolutely own that quarter 


I just wonder what this is a reference to; geez, sometimes they make it so hard.
  just love all the effort people put in me.. 


The defense is playing much better with  deactivated




 should be called weekstart because well begun is half done!

  


 I thought you would be watching Sound of Music Live? I just assumed you are a huge fan of musicals. 


If you have sex, your vampire boyfriend will lose his soul. Cause sex is bad and your virginity is everything.  


OMG  's twitter is cracking me up. Loving these comebacks.    hahaha x


What a fantastic fucking way to end the year 


Going home to clean. That's just a bunch of joy. 


Rebecca Black has a new song...but you can't guess what it's called 


 is ten minutes late at the mo... Shocker  


 should have heard all the positive stuff my dad had to say 


I just love doing homework on my first day of thanksgiving break  


 how could they not have a pre game tribute for Scrivens? 32gms over 2yrs    


 they listed a Khan Academy person, doesn't that count as an educator? 


 you should put  by that. You will get people who think you are being serious lol.


What a surprise! Kobe making it about him and not the team....  


Him: Honey we should spend some time together.
Me: In person or by texting...or both? 


nothing better than playing the amino acid game on a sunday evening  


Looks like this weekend is going to be a good one 


 Premiere league and all other leagues are just perfect aren't they?   


Slept amazing in my bed at home, but now I have to help my dad clean his 3rd dear of the year.   


 Like a young player has a shot at HCDBs Team USA. Shake your head, man. 


 nice rule change. We love games that last over 2.5 hours.   


Thanks mom and dad for telling me Mitchell had a Christmas Concert 


Eagle fans are booing Lewis while he's on the ground?  


 hey, at least Tomlin/steelers didn't play for a fg..... 


There's a lot of classy people out there... 


I'm sure the  are real thrilled playing an overtime game with a Wild Card Game next weekend.    


Hope everyone had a great camp! I know I did!    


I love not being able to comment on my own videos or add any updates because I don't have a google+ account.  


My body clock is perfect...listening to       


Had Another Fucked Up Dream Where I Got Tattooed On Me Back "Ya Big Fanny" thanks  :/  


I love that my older bro always sounds super enthused to talk to me when I call. 


Queen's speech is always obviously the highlight of my Christmas... 


Omg, I just love waking up sick after a nap!   


Thanks  now that I've updated battlefield 4 it's even less playable than it was. You guys rock! 


Haha wow they're all picking the Buccs. This is awesome. 


Can't wait to write this exam and then pull an all nighter for my exam tomorrow!!!!!  


This day is going to be just great I can feel it. 


And when you want to send me more than just one word, you really know how to make someone feel wanted... 


I suppose I'll try to go find some khakis and polos for this new job. Then heading to the barrel to slave away until close. Yay me. 


Monday night time for the start of my working week... Get in!!! 


I love waking up every hour. Such a good sleep i got  


Already love the new group me app coach sent out to 20+ people. 


" Drummond has 26 points and 17 rebounds." but at least  got     


Personally I'm enjoying the fact that I can't get out of bed without feeling like I'm going to puke  


  of course. Like every landlord...they are behind the commodity 8-ball &amp; need their "share". 


S/O to Brad for this amazing secret Santa gift   Isn't Twitter truly a wonderful thing?  


Wooooooo! Made 25 whole dollars tonight! Sure am glad I closed! 


Thank god for snap chat! I would have never known it was snowing outside  


 yah that was just one picture this lab is about AC current through capacitors and inductors  


Me and  are going to walk the dog in this beautiful weather 


I hope you feel good about yourself. If I said the things you've said to me, I know I sure would. 


Mer. Not a real happy day today. Can't wait to go to work. 


 no bother! Yeah Of course I am. Wouldn't miss it for the world! 


" Our class is really super creative with themes.  what I'm saying


 it Rhymes with Adam so I'm not surprised  !


  "    cho. Jr. Fi it a food man! Likkle 4 million! Chicken feed!"


On a different note, I had an adorable dream. 


Thank you mrs.janke for assigning us 4 chapters of one of the slowest to read books ever in one night!!     


I forgot how much I love sharing a bathroom with boys.... 


It's 29 hot ass degrees outside. But feels like a sweltering 22 degrees.   


I was sooo not expecting those subtweets sooner or later  


Layover in Toronto with 5 children is just wonderful lol 


 snores, talks, AND moans in her sleep...it's wonderful  But for real can I kick her 


  Oh great, more condominiums!  


  It's number one in Ethan's Big Top 40   


Great......... It could get better!   


 retweeted me cause i'm awesome like that 


Psychology and statistic test today, great way to start my week.. 


So its now eleven and I'm still at work :/ well then... its not like I've been in since ten or anything. 


  Flipping the old ssssshhhh finger to the fans apparently.naughty  how dare he be annoyed! 


Don't say goodbye. Get called a miserable bitch.
Do say goodbye. Get ignored.
 


Gammys response to someone loosing at scrabble: poor muffin the tears are streaming down my face  


 oh you have no idea how boring my family is hahaha 


I love when people accuse me of things I didn't do! 


 can't be giving up that early. My  is down 34-7 and I think we still have a chance. 


Working on less than 4hrs of sleep. I'm used to 9  


Hope you don't think about me while you're with your new girlfriend  


I love when you stop replying...  


Ide like to thank every  that didn't come to my stand this season  


Man, it is just packed with Pelican fans tonight! 


Well another amazing day here at college  


Today just keeps getting better and better. 


This chest and stomach pain before I sleep, this rocks. I definitely miss this feeling 


coloring and unscrambling terms
wow im learning so much 



 If he could just improve on his mid-range jumpers!




I love when people attack each other on Twitter! Shows a lot of class 


 spent 100k coins got santo corzola...epic 


 I just love it when people don't text me back. It's may favorite thing. 


Ahh... Night before a major holiday. Can't wait to find out what executive orders are being signed. 


I cant stand,STANDING up!!

  


I am pretty much OWNING laundry day. And people say being a grown up sucks! 


The President doesn't show respect at a memorial? Just the kind of leader I'd want. 


    lol your right  I like it lol it's all about    xx


Oh y'all are hungover? Please, tell me more. 


 conveniently after I RT this! haha You aren't fascinated with Rodman bonding with North Korea?! 


 Alabama fans are the model we should all aspire to 


404 and fail are the most popular words of 2013:

Gee I wonder what those words are referring to? 

 what a shocker, "JR" and "bad look" in the same sentence. 


Please continue to speak obnoxiously loud because it pleases my ears so much 


Some of the sweetest people came into lifeway today 


The after math haha      Rodgers: Howard Webb was excellent today &amp; is top referee."


Funny how this time it's working out so much better.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I love it when I figure out the directions after I've done it wrong.    


I love how my friends never invite me to anything... 


" The difference between pizza and your opinion is that i actually asked for pizza." 


Well, that didn't take long at all to put together. 8/
   Really gotta love the bang up job (+ D. Reed, T-Rich, - Rayford &amp; Shipley) Grigson has done this year 


Im so glad I can sign into my Trine email.  they change everything every other week so I cant get into it


Thank God my flight has been delayed until this evening, because I really didn't want to be in that Puerto Rican sun.  


I love staying up til 1am playing around with data trying to find comparables &amp; optioning out various indexing possibilities. Not. 


I'd say I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning, but it's up against the wall. I'm not sure what happened.  


Lemme try this trick on somebody else, he still ain't get 


 and take away every woman's choice to their own rights and body.  


Okay. Who in the fuck decorated the Christmas tree on the loop in Shadyside!? Because they did a great job! 


Can't wait to spend 3.5 hours with Troy Aikman today  


Hey  I have an idea. If Oklahoma wins, make a bunch of Knight/night puns. I haven't heard any to-knight.   


Yep, it's official...I am over this Winter already.  Best part, it's still Fall.  YAY!    


yep, wala akong ginagawa. di mo alam na nagprocess ako ng payments noon di ba? wala. wala nga. 


No Pablo, no Raymond, no Kenyon and now no Amare. Boy that Chris Smith signing makes sense.  


How about that Baylor OL and DL am I right  or what? 


I love receiving all mail, except when it come from the Department of Revenue     lol


I'm glad the next gen has finally launched. I've been looking forward to playing a true next gen game like  !  


 Surely all the effected sites follow standards and have a security email address right ;) 


Lmao " In the restaurant: "Would you like a table?" "No, a lamp for 5 please...   


These parents sure do call out to God alot during this soccer game...    


"Did y'all feel the love? I felt it all the way over here"  -Coach Hooper 


Spent all day cleaning n Christmas shopping  


I just read on Twitter that Saban is taking the TX job.  It's a done deal!!!  


Is there a lovelier way to wake up than your dad screaming at your brothers?  


There is one week till we go back to school.  


No, don't worry about me. I don't have pneumonia. Don't call or text either. 


 haha I think it is wonderful!!!     


Well thank you  for this massive hangover today. Really appreciate it!!!! 


  Bro, are you even aware of the conditions under which quinoa farmers are forced to live ?  


I wouldn't really do it.       you are a female and you like deathcore?? Wooowww special snowflakeee 


 Repeat peoples names when you meet them. And chant it. That way, they'll be impressed with your dedication.  


A bargain is something you dont need at a price you cant resist.
  


 this is r solution to outfielding problems.....his is a huge signing 


 I feel so bad you kids have to go back to school --I hope you can make it through the day   


 no it shows that the laws work. People are less likely to use drugs because of the laws.   


Imagine that one day you'll wake up, and find that your life's been all a dream. And that you're actually a goat. Just think... 


 What! You don't go to Underground after a Braves game?  I'm in agreement with you.


So glad all of the boys came to our game today to support us! You guys rock! 


 how could you? Everyone posted something about it!
 


 He smiled at them, clapped his hands and said "do better boys" ..... 


So glad I'm taking a Latin American history class. I  illiterate teachers!!!  


Doing some homework on this lovely day  but not about the homework unfortunately


 lovely tree! It's obstructing your view of the right side of your windshield, making your a dangerous criminal 


 yeah, jameer is soooo much better right?   


Yeahh just expressing my feelings to you. Dont bother trying to do the same. 


It's soooo much fun  RT  Love working on Sundays!   


  no Danny's right well just keep going for FGs it's only the 3rd quarter and were getting outplayed  comon man.


When there's class it's boring, when it's the holidays, it's also boring, the great life of a Singaporean student 


We just so dum heer at arkansaw state we fogot.    


Great! I couldn't be happier.  (-: Gotta be kidding me.


And my hair is standing on end. This is why I need my beanies.  


  ?? I went on sunday !! It was pretty sweeet. The Hot coco was the shittt


Idih mampua neper ketularan virus gua shilin wkwk RT  ajak pacarnya dong...  " Ke smb yuk beli shihlin,


 Almost as bad as the weather we are having here in   :) 


A&amp;E calls off 'Duck Dynasty' suspension  &lt;-- didn't see this coming 


Sitting in class doing fokol really a boosts your day :)    


Don't worry  we have got the January transfer window to look forward to   


 To all you saying that they will be a lot better, I think that's what he was getting at 


Heading to work... yay... lots of fun tonight...  


Huh. Snow. Well nobody's mentioned that all day. 


I just love spending my Friday nights at home.  


THE STAR starring Bette Davis. If she'll accept her career &amp; sexual potency is ended, she gets a happy ending! Yay!  


This sight feels me with unimaginable joy.    how much I love making powerpoint presentations. 


Way to go Stamps, fucking great first half   


There is a breaking story that Russell Wilson was late getting to Children's Hospital today. All the Seahawks are behaving badly! 


 oh good.  video games made the list ...    I want for Christmas is a long term contract extension for Claude Noel. Team comes prepared to play every game.  


Why dont you come over to my side of the argument. The view is absolutely clear from here.

  


Has anyone heard if Robinson Cano has signed anywhere yet???  Haven't seen a thing about him in a long while. 


Future's song Honest is one of the realist songs I've ever heard  


If there were a procrastination competition, I'd win all the shiny prices. Well done me!  


PCA's bringing voting wars direct to your TL whether you like it or not... yeah thanks for that 


I love how good I am at making thing awkward. 


 Wow! You can take something out of context and scare people, what a great news person you are. 


All I can say is Roll on    


This week at college so far has been so productive 


 I understand how you would be excited to play Ohio State. 


Greaaaaaat. Because that needed to happen too. 


"We will shortly be arriving in West Drayton".... Horray 


  Ah shucks I thought u needed advice haha. Cheers


This is going to be a great gluten free Thanksgiving. 


Wish me luck as I take my extremely hard final in my music business class. 


 Annnnnd on to the "so why don't you have a boyfriend" conversation Don't you just love those?    


Okposo with a great move on the PP. Although on the big ice, I dont think he would be able to make it.  


So glad I didn't buy   at $300-400 a share... $1,100 and climbing.  


Personally a huge fan of feeling like I'm gunna get sick all the fucking time  


 Oh, no! Global cooling! THE ICE AGE IS COMING! THE ICE AGE IS COMING! Must go buy protective warming bubble! aaaaaaahhhhhh! 


oh that's not racist.  RT  GOP Rep: Lying part of Middle Eastern culture.  Puts us at disadvantage  in the doctor's office for the past two and a half hours has been the highlight of my break so far 


 thanks for putting this on twitter  


It's  Just catching up. Have to do my bit for us  in the prime of their life. Yes, that's  actually


It's actually now a news story about some women not wanting to have kids. How could they not, that's what their made for... 


No yeah this break has been nothing but eventful. 


Thanksgiving and Christmas area two favorite holidays!   


Not knowing where you stand is a favourite if mine 


I love how relationships nowadays start by liking every single status on someone's Facebook. 


Sometimes it physically hurts to keep all this  to myself.


I can't wait to see everyone's workout pics jan 1! 


Yeah, they're shortsighted too.  RT  Just unbelievable how myopic so many people are in today's society.


Thank you for telling me there is a zit on the side of my face. I hadnt noticed it everytime i looked in the mirror the past 2 days 


 but Anne you don't understand how hipster cool the people with e-cigs are. 


These days originality is at an all time high  


 whoooo lets all party and have a disco!! 


I keep getting emails from talent agencies... I know I'm perfect, you don't have to tell me 


It's ok I didn't want talk to you anymore either... *handin face* 


  how come no one ever quotes Pitbull?? 


I love when my Facebook likes pages.. adds people and goes to things all by itself -_- 
 


 only an hour late with no information. Not bad SWA. 


Wow?!  Who knew.      New Study shows Yoga eases back pain:   


Anyone who loves Space Jam (everyone) -- check out this 30 for 30 clip!   This sounds like it was Penn State's fault. 


 knew I shouldn't have become a dinner lady  


Ermigawd! 6hrs to get to venue. 2nd row seats. Fireworks. 40,000 people! O_o Didn't wanna see Neon Trees or Guy anyway  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 im feeling so special right now with my 10 followers. 


Wohoo! Sarap ng pancake!!   (at  + Burrito)  party tomorrow! Excited to be asked the same questions about school, college, work, and how tall I've gotten all day!! 


Annnd..cue the power going out as I work  from home. Sweet. 


So Will Beatty signed his big contract and decided to take the year off.
Sounds understandable.




 sounds like my everyday life. Except it's a random guy and I don't know how I got there.   


Yeah, Wired, because automatically deleting last month's issue is exactly what I wanted you to do.  


 I know right. SEC people are so annoying 


"  You're right. I wish my pussy wasn't so loose :(

  LOL I FEEL SO BAD  FOR YOU


Sooo my mom bought my 28 years old sister and my dad a new phone. And I'm paying for my own phone. -___-" nice!! 


Yakuza and Miku right next to each other. Basically the same thing.   I'm still the same tomboy who wore boys clothes and played football non-stop aren't I? 


You spent millions on a new city hall in the downtown area, yet you put all activities for families across town. Brilliant! 


Miss Gainford loves my essays "t doma orm" i guess my Irish is amazing 


The eagles won which was nice, but I lost a sock in the wash.  Overall just an average day.   


Enough with the re-caps, let's pre-cap 2014. May it be more productive, but equally as comedic    


Being ignored is by far one of the best feelings! 


 well saints are allowed to judge others flaws 


 Wow you should know your self this is an absolute ridiculous tweet considering the weather in England love the  though


 Yes, reading both sides of the cigarette industry controversy served policy makers so well. Eighty years. 


CDC: Measles still threatens health security  Thanks, anti-vax nut jobs. You keep rocking that stupidity. 


For Theories I have to build a program for juveniles with drug problems. God, I wonder who I could use as a model 


What's better than acid reflux when you're trying to sleep?? :D  -


 haha yeah!! Got to make it fair and give them a head start and all that! Nothing to worry about though  


 mate I feel so fresh man, just 30 min shower and feel fucking buzzing 


The problem in Tampa is that the rookie QB's are struggling with the adverse weather conditions 


 yes. I'm going to be a rebel and go to school while all those no good geniuses are dropping out. 


No words, nothing at all that makes me feel awesome... 


 thanks for rebooting my cxld nonstop to a 1 stop despite open seats on direct flights ORD-DFW 


Based on all the tweets I'm reading... it seems like everyone is having an amazing day! 


Thank you auburn not allowing the SEC to win an 8 straight championship  


Lol, lucky me I only have sexy followers     is so environmentally friendly by having their sprinklers on tonight 


I can't get over how much I enjoyed today at school. I was extremely productive and learned a lot of useful information!! 


well now...do I read Al Golden has left Penn State for Miami?  


Thanks for trying to put your whole leg thru my side I totally forgot you were in there Alexis ! 


   honestly I think all of us should be quaking at the run St. Louis is about to go on 


I said sorry! And your real cool for subbin me but never texting me  


I prefer to "waste" my money to do something good for the people rather than going to clubs or karaoke bar like most Japanese do 


Cry, Forgive, Learn, Move on, Let your tears water the seeds of your f with AGE,      


Alarm set for 3:15am, love Christmas.  


    yes bc i'm doing that at work  


 showing off and fluffing &gt; education, in case you didn't know  


Thank fuckin Christ Ridley that was just what we wanted 


" Studies show that a Starbucks coffee tastes better after taking a photo and posting it on Instagram." Hahahah 


Oh okay. Not like I invite ya'll all the time. -____-  


  man yall mutha fuckas crazy I shouldve  


  OMG! That was such a nice come back! 


 wouldn't know since I am not on FB but I am sure it's all fact w/ no opinions mixed in  hahha


 it's about as user friendly as it gets 


 Sooo shocked that UBC's list of 20 top-paid employees includes only 3 women   


7am and just leaving the library! Yay! Can't wait to start my 13 hour day in three hours woohoo!  


No wonder Ryan didn't make team USA he sucks!     


Sometimes I don't understand how people can be so inconsiderate of others feelings.   


Yes. Let's stunt out 6-1, 310 lbs. DT outside to the C-gap. For a pass rush. That's a brilliant idea. 


Well that's just perfect!    


S/O to the teachers for giving me three papers over the weekend  


I love when trains take a year and 5 days to get to your station when your in a rush 


 lol if that's how you want to look at it then why not have a different major each day?  


I'm so happy it's Monday! I love being at work!  


   you.. Do I seriously need to put  here???


Nick Punto to the A's! That's going to make them a World Series contender, he'll b able to make those key bunts to win the big game 


 overjoyed as that saves me a minimum of INR 10K :-)  


I hate people who can't get their your and you're right.
There so annoying



Great! Just want I need, I am sick on my first full day of break. 


What is this? A medal for procrastination? THANKS!!   someone's gotta find their donuts. But a bigger gov is clearly the answer 


 Wonderful news! They will make so much money to invest in God's Kingdom, hopefully they reverse tithe! 


My mom to me: Did you take your nail polish off? My Dad: Were you talking to me? Yes Dad we were talking to you. 


Well the  are off to a hawt start...    


This hull vs stoke game is a classic. make sure you watch match of the day ;) 


Shit like this makes me laugh. Okay, you win. Your 8 words of wisdom have TOTALLY changed my mind.    SEC is so much better than everyone else....  


No child wants to hear about how they were conceived... But i was lucky enough today to find out i was in canada   


Can't wait to spend the rest of my night doing AP Euro 


I can bearly wait for the loads of Grand Canyon selfies.     


Diarrhea at 3 am, thanks WENDY'S SPICEY CHICKEN SANDWICH!   


Damn, I hope we don't see UAB in the Big Dance.  


 But it's not going to increase the deficit, even the POTUS said so, and I believe everything he says. 


I use  at work, because slapping the shit out of someone is frowned upon by management.


Close reading takes so long! I only have 100 pgs left  


Or you can ignore me i was going with that option too.  


Sitting on the tarmac... What a wonderful way to spend my Wednesday morning! 


I'm so glad  gave us their daily update on their relationship, Now I can finally sleep good tonight!!! 


 Well good news is just following you today, isn't it? 


  Yeah I see the torture from looking at Beautiful women in tiny outfits. Oh The Torture!! 


 Good thing for them they are the deepest team in the country 


.  Damn! I guess I'll have to keep using AIM until  catches up! 


Post a selfie, you have none       


Character specific switches? Thy creativity has no boundaries Nintendo 


In the past, I used  in  Now I am using Windows in Linux. 
  


The most photographed places in the world.  Very little love for Russia, gee I wonder why...


I love college &gt;_&gt; 
(Science of Reasoning essay layout) Now: To put it together!   have now been outscored 12-0 since the last time they scored, but BY GOD they are one gritty team! 


Do you hear that sound? 
The sound of laughter of a thousand men? 
Laughing at you.



 it's clear u don't give a damn with tweets after every loss about how everyone is being mean to the cowboys 


Spacious quarters for a sleeper on the Auto Train.     love how the girls say oh i love this professor while they have no idea what he is talking about   


And this is exactly how I wanted to spend Christmas. Single and alone. 


Well, I appreciate your support. Why don't I have the parents who pay my dues for me???   


So so so so glad I've done so much with my 4 days off work, productive   


Hey I didnt hear that story you told PLEASE tell it again oh and this time 10 times louder thank you  


I love this game everyone plays now where you guess if someone's turning or not b/c they don't use their turn signal  


I just love feeling like nobody cares. Its the best feeling ever. 


Well one thing is for sure ... HORACHEK was definitely the problem ... 


Kris Jenner said Khloe needed a nose job when she was 9?! Why doesn't this surprise me even a little bit.  


Thank you for ruining my night. I'm so glad yours is going so well! ;D 


Did you know that Pearl Harbor was in Hawaii? Gosh, this car ride has been so informative! 


 There's a soccer or rugby player with your name?    And here I thought your name was unique


This holiday season I'm thankful for patients who don't show up for therapy so that I'm bored out of my mind at work 


Uh ya can my phone charger be any shorter or? 


It's been a grim news week, but at least Rebecca Black is making a comeback with an awe inspiring song  


The media is trying to make us all forget about the  with this fake Mandela news!! 


My older sister is back from her 5month trip in Mexico . Yay  the 


I pretty much have the best luck in the world.. 


When I get left alone to lift a 250 pound man by myself.    


Got a hawt date with caffeine and my books tonight ;)   


I see from all the statues and tweets everyone is happy this morning.  


So cosmic ice skating with middle schoolers can be checked off the bucket list    just rest abit and you'll be fine! Suspected tear in my meniscus in my knee! Crutches are fun   x


Well, you can't argue with science...
          ermmm yeh ok. That makes perfect sense. 


 Steven!  that earnest pride will be ours this time upon the altar of freedom  =))  Anti-


I love it when I'm the only car on the road with emergency vehicles, because my work never closes 


I should just turn my alarm off for tomorrow with the amount of snow on the ground 


Sooo.... Hi 2014, wonder what you have in store for me? I guess this Flu is just a 'blip' I like getting 'blipped'  


Music festivals are alright. Could have done with a better backdrop. You know, more iconic.    one fucking cares how much your damn scholarships are for. Wow, you are SO blessed. 


 Going by the overconfidence of AAP, after the elections they can even claim to win 71 seats out of 70 ! 


 How can you forget one of the best games of all time: PilotWings! 


 to on the bus ride back to MP like half an hour ago    on the parkway going south already. This is a great week to open a business. 


Congratulation to  on picking a meaningless game for Sunday night. I'm sure the Eagle ticket holders are grateful. 


" Its ok  I didnt need my suitcase with all my clothes in it   sucks donkey d! I dont get how they stay n biz


Benefits of my seat: I sit right behind a dysfunctional relationship 


Fuckk are practices are too fun we always do different drills  



A girl was crying. I thought of helping so I
threw some 'no more tears shampoo' in her
eyes. Did not work. FALSE ADVERTISING!


It's Monday morning the first day back from vacation and it's raining, this is fantastic  


Can't wait to see an Instagram of everyone's food today. 


  You realise he's a former Minister for Agriculture and therefore an expert on every topic, I hope! 


I really hope I see one more pic of Miley at the AMA's last year again 


'will u actually come back from ur shower' no im gonna drown in the tub 


 You mean you guys didn't hear? Francis is a HUGE commie! The whole non-Christian Catholic Church is!  


Well looks like England will smash their group especially with the superstars like Milner and Ashley Young 


coastal is now empty, glad i get to spend the next month here all by myself 


Duke has a shutdown defense &amp; high octane offense. This one is far from over.  


 The Devils will lose then everyone will talk about how much Schneider sucks lol I can't wait 


"If you value your job, you'll go slap the shit out of that kid."    


 In addition to back up QB duties, will Skelton also be responsible for Campbell's obligatory penalties per game? 


LMAO  crashed, so i restarted/rebooted it and as soon as i spawn in game, it crashes again xDDDDD    


Thinking of using the definite article the to project an inflated sense of influence for my twitter presence.  


 4 more of those and we are bowl eligible.   


 then whats the point of saying goodnight if you no do it! Cause that makes you a liar :O and i know you arnt one 


Yayy the weekend before finals is finally here...I just love this time of year 


Wow the stands were so full tonight, thanks everyone.  but thanks actually to  / drama. 


Realizing I forgot stuff I need for school at my parents house at 1 in the morning. Can't wait to get up in 4 hours  


When they will discover centre of the earth, alot of ppl will be disappointed that they are not it !!  


 if Dom was fired, do the packers win 10-9?


One of my family traditions used to be "running" the Turkey Trot in Dallas.... too bad the morning show dampens those plans. 


I love that I  have no direction, no friends, and no desire for anything anymore.    


I picked the best time to move   I can't even handle it  


Goodmornin yall! It sure is  beautiful outside today!  


John Terry just elbowed the daylights out of a Liverpool player. Good start to the second half, that. 


Waking up at 7 because you thought your final was at 8...then finding out it's actually at 11. Awesome way to start the day. 


People that take screen shots of shit on your phone and post them. You're awesome. 
This message brought to by   and hashtag


Today I finished my essay, got my room 70% clean in under an hour, and I took a shower. I'M SO PRODUCTIVE 


Losing all of my friends is the best feeling in the world. 


Yay... Back to school.... Is going to be a great day  


How nice of Alex Ferguson to decide to do an interview with the BBC on this occasion  


So, Nigel Farage of UKIP now has the very helpful endorsement of the Woolwich murderer!   this such a great opportunity to rekindle that fire that was diminished two years ago 


Last computer animation session before Christmas tomorrow, I feel quite emotional! 


Seriously not sure what I did to deserve this, but thanks so much to my friends. My night was awesome. 


  he's the Johnny Manziel of kickers after last week. Probably suspended. 


   how does a phone get shut off during a billing dispute?!   


 Low calorie is obviously all that matters. 


I love randomly finding out that I work when I thought I wasn't.  


Gonna head back to MC for six weeks, I can't contain my excitement  


 what?! I didn't know that!!! Another reason I love my family, y'all tell me everything! 


Can already tell this day is going to be fantastic  


I feel bad but I can't look away!...
          getting yelled at all damn day.. dang this is exactly how I wanted to spend Christmas day :-) 


I hope there's a 48-hour long TV-special honoring Rob Gronkowski NEXT YEAR leading up to his return 


The people in my section are so prompt with time 


  great, because I wasn't out of touch with societal norms already. Now more rules. 


Gee, with all these rude witty remarks I'm REALLY excited to move back home.  


Showing homes all afternoon Saturday in Huxley. Might need to bring a map since I never go that city. 


I think it's time for some cleaning!  


Oh, Nat'l City, that should turn out fine  "  fans celebrating in National City after a 27-10 win against Bengals!"


 thanks for letting us know the green/yellow southbound platform at l'enfant was backed up...   


Once I tweet and retweet my feelings on twitter I move on to tumblr, ensuring everyone knows how I feel because I'm so important 


I want the Witness Protection Programme  and   want to beat me bad  


Do you usually use twitter to fix your probs? RT  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


Gazelle gave me a great offer for my old ipod!   love stuck up girls at my work.  Girl, I can count all your layers of make up! Go wash your face, this ain't a nightclub. 


 Could you play  just one more time? I think it's only been on like 10 times this weekend...  


First day of 2014 and once again we get great weather in Sheffield 


soooo glad you're always there when I need you most   


 I can't thank you enough for telling Mitch about Randy. 


Oh, hey Twitter, any idea if there's a two hour delay tomorrow? 


 I bought the Chanel perfume after TV ad of Brad Pitt so as to donate for victims in conflict areas... 


I think it's great how pc game distributors think that everyone who plays pc games has light-speed internet. 


I had forgotten how cool it was to drink alcohol and do drugs.  Reevaluate your life.


Signal faults on the Werribee group lines...just for something new...   


Just what i love to see when i go to social media   


 you're saying Gabbert's pocket presence isn't very good? 


Omggggg I can't go to  Tour at all now...this day just gets better   ;( xxxx


make me laugh. Thanks for that great adult conversation. 


  I love the fact that this guy favorites week-old tweets. All the time. 


Words can't describe how excited I am to do training again tonight 


I am glad all my tweets made sense last night  


After a long night of  last night tonight will be a long night of  yay me! 


Seems like my braces broke again. Good start to the day. 


Two good nights in a row, what a good life  


It's so funny how much of a fake friend you are! 


Love how my dad enjoys calling me names that usually comes out a mouth of someone who doesn't like me. 


 you were deff Mrs. Sherberts fav....  


Freakin hilarious!!!!       am still vertical so the Season (so far) has been good for me.      


Peace Aaron Gray, we'll miss you in Toronto  


Well damn, 2 of my cousins are now following me on twitter... guess I better behave.   


Honestly, how would I know it was Christmas without people tweeting about it?
 


A  Tuesday (Told in eCards) -  Day 19  


Good morning, world! Today we have in front of us Adventures In Discussing The Thesis. Are you excited? I'm excited!  


Shoutout to Bell for their fantastic customer service.  


I traveled 1 mile in seven minutes. This is going to be so much fun. 


It's ok, I'm not looking forward to your call or anything.. 



Seven bots unfollowed me on Twitter? Oh what a shame. 


72 followers. Wow...that's alot.    


Waiting  for a pickup for a half hour and no employees in sight! Good thing their sitetostore pickup closes in 1min 


This is a satirical take. Note the  Don't reply to convey what's obvious, as if I didn't know it.


 let me think about that one for a while &amp; check my schedule.  


I love going to a bar and get stuck in one spot and can't move 


So true!          worked so well when Toronto did it last year  


Gutted about Walcott missing the World Cup, ohh well at least we are taking Tom cleverly  


 surprise surprise, good to know the hard working families of the UKs taxes are going to a good cause 


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      is the guy who thought of the genius movie idea where a man is in love with his computer? 


  Yeah because it's working so well for the EU. 


didn't even make it past 10pm last night...    


Who needs encryption anyway? 
Safari 6.0.5 Stores Passwords In The Text File  this guy was trying to be nice and make sure my stuff wouldn't get stolen so I asked if he was gonna steal me stuff.  


I'm glad I can depend on people when it comes to support my kids. 


Think of a number between 1 and 10. Multiply by 5. Divide by 2. Close your eyes... Dark isn't it?  


"  omg josh hugs are unreal .     that's a  or  ... 


Thank you mother for finally admitting your honest opinion.  


- Every time you run out of lives? Brilliant! What a wonderful idea! It's the Greatest Idea Ever, Of All Time! 


 erm what?! Splash? CBB? Take me out? Outstanding telly...... 


   So you get flipped the bird, your 1st reaction is a physical attack?  *Classy Fans*  


Since sales are starting on Thursday now, why don't we just move Thanksgiving to another weekend.. it's just getting in the way 


Can't wait to go to school tomorrow to see Mrs. Goodson's bight and happy face   


Gee, how did you arrive at that conclusion?    Based on what I've witnessed so far, I'm predicting the  will win.


    an accessible van would've helped his safety, sorry but 


Nothing as fun as realizing you fudged up a bunch of parts at work!!  


Well dont i feel loved by everyone rn   


Been planning this all week and once it.get here I can't do it. Surprise surprise 


This engineering competition is so exciting...  


Trent Richardson really does suck! 34 yards per game?! Well worth a 1st round pick!! 


  AWAY the INSANITY of LIFE &amp; PARENTHOOD!  is telling us housing is coming less affordable. Thank you rbc my simple little mind would of never figured that out.  


The most exciting thing jus happened. My change was jammed at Self Service so I got to see how it all works. Demo only took 25mins! 


 working on being as cool as Mike Wickett 


wow... BIG shocker, Porn star Kim Kardashian in another risque video   


 Apparently people forgot what  actually means LOL ;-)

Wiggins is going to be GREAT :-) A Future  perhaps? 


I would like to thank  for hiring BRI to inundate my phone with calls to sell me credit report protection 


 and I are having a great day.  


The  House is holding a hearing on space aliens tomorrow. Seriously. Great way to end the work year.   is so much going on tonight! I'm so overwhelmed!  


I love sitting here drinking beer by myself.  


And so begins the time called "family vacation" and it's off to a wonderful start... 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


So My IPhone Short circuit Today And Wont Turn On! (-_-) Yay! 


This just in: NICK SABAN LEAVES FOR DUCK DYNASTY. Signs $20mm Contract with A&amp;E.   


I love technical difficulties on live radio. 


I'm shocked you signed up for    since you don't enjoy and discuss  combat sports.   


Just got "K"d and it's not even 10 in the morning yet  


I love how comfortable my trucks are that they go and eat the snacks in my office! -_- 


Finals are so much fun!!!         math class in the testing office cause my teacher is missing  


Well this has already been a fantastic day so far 


"I don't care anymore"
"I give up"
Every woman's famous last words before running right on back like nooo one seen it comin. 
 


Gotta love catching the bus in the morning! 


" could be considered heartless  to those who are struggling under the heavy burden of the lifeless 


The joy of being a prince in the ballet concert. :D   


 To be fair he seems a top bloke. Not a bad player either, may, just, get in to our LFC team. 


Dammit why am I suddenly wanting a 3DS? It must be because I play my DS so much right? 


I love this huge draft that comes through my window making my bedroom freezing. 


   That's made me legitimately angry now. What a little brat...I hope his parents are proud. 


Love how mature some of the Code residents are 


Nice to know franchise employees know to use the plastic gloves to protect their hands from dirt when preping my food.   


can't wait to go back to my nice ice-box of a room after this 11-3 shift.. 


Soo, traffic this morning has been a blast! 


Shout out to  for showing Saint vs Buccaneers instead of Pacers vs Bears. Great job guys 


Is it a bad assumption that everyone has their Civil War chronology done?  Surely no one has put it off this long. 


 LTE is working better than my home wifi. Thanks  and   I sense another  coming!


Me and the rest of the Dolphins fans thank the Detroit Lions for the help. 


This is the perfect weather to be sick in. I'm so happy to feel this under the weather   


 wow would of never guessed that answer 


Work harder.. Millions on welfare depend on you!!  


   You missed the point, too. Making the playoffs and playing on the road = not winning. 


Yeah Ill enjoy New year's eve in work for 12 hours away from my family  


   snooping LIKELY unconstitutional What kind of crack are the courts stuffing their pipes with? 


  I reckon it's the career ending middle finger myself 


"Kalah tak penting pun, yang penting no.1 liga EPL" - (Fans Arsenal 'hebat', 2013).  hikhikhik 


I'm going to my cousin's b-day sleepover tonight,wow soooooo girly. 


 umm they're called month-iversaries..... Theyre very important.. 


Starting work at 3 in the morning has it's perks       I know right?! Best start stocking up on fire wood, and tinned food  


Of mice and austin because his band are just mice and only one member matters. 


 Cant wait to see the new American Dad were they kill off Roger.   


my sarcastic hatred of humans is beginning to be not so sarcastic. 


Cleaned up poop at manns today. Great way to end.  


 well to be fair you wouldn't choke on a bullet, death would be instant in the right place, no suffering from choking! 


So much for the dreams of PSU fans to have Mark D'Onofrio as defensive coordinator.



Right back to the wonderful world of cleaning! 


Can't contain my excitement for One Direction right now. Might just burst. 


Thanks, mother nature, for that layer of ice over the top of the snow. Really appreciated that. 


Can anyone tell me the weather for Murray today? 


 your gingerbread cookies just look delicious. 


You should cough louder. People in Utah can't hear you.  


Hurray! The CUPE strike has caused my speed skating practice to be canceled. I'm so happy. 


There's always that one kid in class... 


Photo: Look at that! Im multilingual!!!       you mean needlessly regulate the Constitutional freedom of American Citizens, what could be wrong with that? 


and thank you indiana for not plowing properly so the snow is compacted and hell to drive in 


Thank you Enrique Iglesias for this awesome lip-syncing song  


 love that my friends hit me up all the time.  ha, my life.


  yeh im glad we have zero head coaching experience on our bench now apart from Kidd's 15 games 


 especially g yano since she has to get up early for school!  


Thank you  for the email reminding me that I have about 5 months to get in shape before my big day.  


.  Maybe you should rescue my customers instead. 


My, what wonderful weather Illinois is having today... 


Well at least the Mets are right around the corner 


Woooo cca is now watching us on our electronics...  


Any idea who scored for Napoli? Missed the stadium announcer saying who the scorer was! 


1 followed you and 2 unfollowed you and u came 2 knw dis via unfollower! Oh wow! My day z jst nt cmplete wdout dese tweets of urs. 


 Thank you! Your oppinion is everything your majesty! 


Oh that smack mark on his arm? Nah hes had that all year. Not a foul course not. 


Al Qaeda on the run, Obamacare a success, NSA does not spy domestically, does it really matter who dropped the ball on Benghazi? 


Ricky has to go into work an hour early &amp; probably stay an hour &amp; a half late.. Pretty much my day will be just great tomorrow. 


 yo thanks for seeing me over thanksgiving break! So much fun hanging with you -______- 


Watch a movie and pass out. I work at 10am tomorrow. yay ... 


Roads are lovely, guys!  (Also, I wasn't driving)   **looking at evidence**. Yes, they all seem so happy now don't they ;) 


Kapten sejati....  "106 caps for England is not bad for a player whose not a top top Player" smile Gerrard 


So my dad is running the 5k tonight so i have to get to the parade early...  


This is so true its scary!         phone calls in the air? Yeah, because people aren't rude enough during flights.    Leafs seem to enjoy blocking shots with their sticks.  


That's cool you can make fun of me.. It's not like a care anyways. 


Al Qaeda take back control of Falluja, Iraq. The Americans wont come back. That war was a massive success ay? 


Soo happy. Yest night and today have been the greatest.  


Not forgetting getting overcharged for wine from my favourite company ever  


Finally. After getting my handset and postpaid sim last December 23, 2013, it was activated last January 2, 2014. Great! 


 If climate change isn't something to be alarmed over, what is? Oh right, brown people in boats. My bad!  


This surely isn't a scam: "I will write 500 unique articles on any topic for you for $5"  


Thanks harber for clearing the parking lot . 


I'll be all by my lonesome on thanksgiving..   :(


Why did school have to be invented?!?!  There is no God...    


Hearing there was some very 'professional' behaviour from certain door staff at  last night  


Hes better than Russel Wilson though   RT  RGIII to the bench


I fucking love unconditional so if U break my heart best believe ill wish U die ..or get aids with every beat of my heart 


Off today...but no sleep for me   


        Houston Methodist Hospital  they'll use the title with Darkness in it. Because the last sequel to a reboot with that in the title was so good. 


Pelligrini, who's never won a trophy during his time in Spain, is clearly struggling with the whole "transition" thing at City 


Nah, that's cool. You can ditch me. Not like I'm going to get lost or anything. Not like we planned to stick together. 


There's holes in my sweater. Goodshit love that.  


I'm so glad we have such an amazing quarterback who is great at hitting an open receiver in stride and is overall pretty accurate 


What the hell Gordon? Getting tackled from behind 


 well.. The date on the calendar simply hasn't changed to a Tuesday. That's how it can be a Monday ;) 


I'm disappointed people actually believed I not only watch Duck Dynasty but would use "Grr" in a post seriously  


 Right. And Bieber. No wait,Beiber is a badass now cuz he spray paints on walls! That makes him a rebel man! 




" YES   let's not forget about all that racism...  


 toss in the ECMWF and it's even a better day. 


And like HELLYEAH am i looking forward for tomorow. -.-t 


Why do women wear so much perfume and get weirded out when I tell them they smell nice? 


Best thing is when you have English by yourself and your teacher just thinks well lets give her the hard work!  


still monday and its already been a busy day, cant wait to know whats gonna happen tomorrow :)) 


A madea christmas has Larry the cable guy in it. We'll looks like I'm seeing it opening day 


I wonder if ESPN will mention the  issue at all tonight?  


 Because this has worked out so well for every other Korean game released in the West... 


Caught in one of her super rare sassy pants moments.     I believe you prefer chiropractors on the sideline...  


 aha... That makes it all clear... Jup...  i'll just watch as u said.. Btw can i ask u something else?


The government and especially the dept.of education having officially proven 2 me y they are such geniuses 


 you're welcome. Mine are week after next. So excited 


Wahai manusia yang suka update fb setiap 30saat. Adakah anda lupa twitter masih ada dan wujud? 


At least it's helping me understand what we talked about in class   


Humm.... it seems there's a team called  playing today. 


 riiiiiiiight cause your face landing on cm punks knee isn't devastating at all  


 And Tony Romo, as a guest stylist in the salon, will accidentally set it on fire 5 minutes before closing j/k 


Joy Division providing my soundtrack this awful bus journey. Getting rid of my Monday morning blues   


On "Seahawks Gameday" the bottom score said "Arizona 10 Seattle 17" so idk what you guys are mad about. 


Much Needed Lay In  .. Now Having A Cuppa Tea  .. Nice Day Outside  ... 


"Here are the list of bread they bought" 
And here's wht brand of underwear they wore,  that webpage they bookmarked, 


"  omogolo dumby!!"Lol. Ohh! I knew that  Lol. Welcome back sweetie.


Inspirational cough drops? Why thank you Halls...   I am so so happy that Instagram in on WP, all those photos flooding my timeline  :-)


No, I don't think that this is something we should be alarmed about   better way to tribute the passing of AK47 Guy than to kill a Mississippi policeman with one...  (and...


Oh yeah, happy new year everybody!     &lt; 


 Another "HUGE" Signing by the  LoL. 


Another success for the Con/LibDem  discharge delay in UK  at the highest in 3 years. 


   Happy Thanksgiving!!  Hope all is well!  Anyone attending Rob's Thanksgiving Party?  



I love when I get one station on my radio, especially when it's a Christian station lol   


It's Good To See Maturity Is Strengthening As People Are Getting Older! 


Niall Quinn can't contain himself lmao. Sky commentary at its finest 


 Brennan gonna make me bring my pimphand out of retirement! I'm so scared 


 Those look delicious.  Weirdest souvenirs maybe ever? 


I can't believe I can survive till now... School starts tmrw :) yay. 


Watching this in fifth um great movie choice lol   Silence is a brilliant film. Go watch it if you haven't already 


How to Become a Social Media Guru in 20 Steps...   


Not sure why all the locals are worried about  defense. They held Josh Gordon to "only" 151 rec yds today. Job well done 


Saints lose again on the road. Shocker right? 


This might be the oddest 10 minutes before a game ever...the atmosphere is electric. 


 same with puebs. I can't even hit all the ragers being thrown at me! 


Pre workout shake looks really nice    have such a supportive family. It's great. 


So basically, you're telling me that I'm financially screwed and will have a ton of debt after college. Super. 


Aw thanks little 8th grader I didn't know I was fat and ugly thanks for telling me 


Okay, so we didn't have power, then we had power and now we've lost it again! What a fun weekend!  


Hey so signing up to work on this beautiful Saturday was a great idea 


Remember people, you need to use the hash tag  It will make your tweets much less misunderstood. 


My phone doesn't work therefore my life doesn't make sense any more.   


Listening to Aikman and Buck brings music to my ears...   


Yes Shukla Ji, Rahul was not responsible for the election defeats. He tore up the ordinance.     


So god-damn sick of the terrible broadband service I get from  - but it's great they're spending billions on football rights 


I dont like to judge a book by its cover but if she was a book she wuld b da type of book dat other books pay for sex  


 oh gee willikers your right! You always know just what to say... 


MRI time for this slightly claustrophobic girl. Yay! 


Nice solid 6 hour train journey home. Just what I love 


 I guess I need to start putting this  every time I'm trying to be funny huh? Lol


Oh goody, another cousin on my moms side prepare for this baby to be the most spoiled and sliver spoon baby ever 


Time to return to the wonderful place where I feel like I'm dumber than dirt!   


 mate I hate to disappoint you but the older you get the more responsibilities = complications  


  yeah mine only stopped working 2 out of 7 days last week! Quality product! 


Oh wait the  isn't on time??? That's so unlike the   cc:  I hate you :)


Way to make my last night here awesome. Thank you.  


Spending my 5 year anniversary by myself.   


Adults who are old enough to drink, and short little kids who scream. fun party. 


3:03am and I'm done sleeping!    


You don't sound slutty at all...  wtf happened to ladies with some class?


Haven't seen anybody promoting Anchorman 2. What's wrong with the marketing department? 


 But, if we offer paid maternal leave, we will be at a competitive disadvantage to Tonga!  


Well the new year started off to an amazing start...   


Because we know finals week means getting 8 hours of sleep each night 


My Gronk tweet was  Truly glad that my tweeps are there for me, though.


  Guys please continue sending Brody only our most  vibes and no   


Yes radio keep playing the music of my emotions 


how to treat people with depression: blame them for never being happy and send them home when they start getting annoying 


 the doctor gave me the exact same stuff as you so that's really great... 


Alabama's points allowed per game average went up to 10.6 after the LSU game last night. They should be ashamed. 


Now about 1000 people now know i'm an alcoholic. Thanks Twitter! 


   that's because the verdict is still out on stafford, needs ice time 


Can't wait to be back in that room tomorrow  


Walking the trails of TNI praying I don't get lost.... my tour guide most deff isn't the smartest....  


Well, now that all my friends are married off they've started having babies. Did I miss the boat somewhere?   :P


Austin Lownsbery vs The State Of Michigan... That's not intimidating at all lol. Tomorrow shall be fun.  


Loving Kanye and Kim's song. Very deep. Very inspiring.  


Thanks mom and dad. Yawl make me so thankful that I was brought into this world. 


 but I've watched him on youtube so I know everything about him!! 


Dear Dwayne Bowe, please run a little closer to the sideline next time 


 Oh yeah, living the life at home. Walk a mile in my slippers, can you detect the 


After an eight and a bit hour shift at work, topping it off with a nose bleed was just brilliant 


Late for NHS..cool let's start the Monday out right! 


pure offended how u unfollowed me man  do oneeee buddy


 cuz its easier than being judged for how you really feel 


 thanks for waving at me at the game tonight. 


Had anyone heard anything about the Obamacare rollout? I can't find anything about it on any news show.  


 Witness has been sworn to "tell the truth, the whole truth" 


Ready to see the Knicks get blown out on Christmas! WOO 


Manila is filled with great politicians. Look what's happening now. great. just great. 


 RT " It's comical the rest of the world thinks they have a shot at winning the World Cup when we have Freddy Adu."


Feeling unappreciated is such a good feeling! 


So excited for my 10 hour shift with barely any sleep woooo  


 I'd show up at his door with a gun. Just saying. Of course I don't have any kids so yeah hahaha. 


 oh I'm having a blast sitting home reading tweets from everyone at the shows thanks 


 well they didn't get dump trucked at home either 


Soooooo did something big happen in sports today? 


The best online shopping experience with  Order something and receiving totally something else   


Email from Foxtel today telling me they're charging me more money come February. Yep, they're REALLY better than Netflix. 


 haha no! You are the only person excluded from this offer. 


   Hey now, I wasn't making fun. I was just asking if that was a serious question? Or 


   maybe they were worried that their Ferrari wouldn't be noticed, they're so pedestrian after all 


Man the kids that tweet the same stuff every Friday and Saturday about how wasted they are/were simply are the coolest kids at UO. 


glad I don't hear ppl talking while I'm tryna study !!  -__- 


"Happiness, swelling up inside of me like a warm glow inside my chest. An inward smile."  Publish me now! ;)     


Boy, I love updating the Subtropical Storm Melissa forecast here on Nov. 21st.  


bought myself a nice new black dress from work today, cause im seriously short on those.    ANOTHER business meeting. :)





My whip for work today ... Minivan    


"Do you want a cup of tea?"
"I'll have one if you're making one"
"No. I'm just doing a survey of people who want a cup of tea"



 hahahahaha next week pa yung amin ehahahaha kaya mo yan ikaw pa talino mo  (?) haha djk


 reading tweets from people that travel two times a year complain about how bad airlines are is pretty awesome 


Maski single na motor lang pwede na :D" I shall now start driving a tricycle para exempt din ako sa traffic rules. 


Enjoying the beautiful views of downtown Hartford.   was so organized this trip to Cobourg... Except I forgot my makeup and my iPhone charger   


- My phone ain't made a sound since I got in the house. Thought my phone shit got cut off..  


So, the verdict is in: 1 more month of antibiotics. Gosh, I am so bloody thrilled about it. 


Hey  way to handle birthday cards in the mail. It's alright, I want looking forward to 30 anyway   absolutely not. And the white race welcomes you with open arms haha. 


Are you ready for tomorrow at 2pm? You better be. It's only the MOST IMPORTANT FOMC STATEMENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!!!!!! 


   I think that's misstating their position a little, maybe... just a little. 


Nothing better than an 11 hour shift at subway!   


That's a great way to leave Texas Mac Brown... 


Apparently it's snowing? Where'd that come from?   


Don't you just love it when people lie to you ?!?!?

Yeah, me neither...  
    


  I thought the Wings don't draft French Canadians  


  I'd take Nuhiu also, as I continue to be HITTING a barn door, I want 2 b able to NOT hit a barn door.....


You know it's going to be a good day when your hands turn purple.... 


Frankenstein is my favorite movie and book!  


Woke up this morning feeling super skinny after watching the  last night!!!  


 Studies show marijuana forces cancer cells to freeze and prevents them from spreading.but it's so bad for you 


 good luck with that it's super fun.  


Coffee like an hour before bed had to be one of my best ideas 


  I know, I've been doing Maths revision, but all this stuff is a great way to spend the holidays 


I didn't watch, but I bet Pats Coach presser was pure excitement.   


Another Seahawks player being suspended for PED issues? How shocking!  


Indirect tweets get you so much further in life 


Obama, under pressure to change the subject, cuts deal with  Oh yes. I'm sure this will end well.  


 Talaga? And here I thought Nestle was such a reputable brand. Haha 


So looking forward to touching car metal for 10 hours tomorrow and opening the doors to let cars in....


The older I get, the cuter this shit gets.  


 I also dig mistletoe.  I went to Oregon to buy some but the cops told me no.     that "Thanks For The Memories" sign apply to Schwartz?   


My new found passion is cycling, forget everything else :D 


My wife couldn't finish doing her Rosary I told her 2 give me a hug &amp; kiss &amp; told her it was OK as her prayers had been answered 


 Modern lynch mobs just don't seem to be trying any more. It's too bad really. 


Parent calls, I answer, parent then asks if it's my planning. No, I always answer my phone when teaching your child. 


I might just wear sweats to school tomorrow  


 But 3rd place? Come on if we suck do it right and tank for another  pick  


Fighting about exes is always a great feeling  


Wonder if that counts as a good night text?? Ha just kidding. I know it doesn't. Hope you like it though. You deserve it. 


Fell down the stairs earlier  , Great! 


so rosabotanica is already out and i JUST got florabotanica. thats just great.. super 


Roman was the sole survivor... No one saw that coming I'm sure 


 keep complaining because it makes things better. 


Wo yay it christmas tomorrow, i can not hide my excitement!   


Maybe you could edit your pictures just a little more.. 


Wow the scientists were actually right, global warming really is a major issue!  


 Price Match website was down Black Friday. I guess this whole selling stuff to people is a disaster like  


  was he fibbing? Hmm, not like a budgie that 


BEST VINE EVER MADE          you confirm that the new receiver is Marvin Harrison?   


David Tennant isn't a very good actor really lets be fair  


I love when someone does THE EXACT thing they get mad at you for doing.  


im on da verg of commenting    jus for  


  Time to build a second Hickory House in Ames. 


Death by sarcasm...  via    


I really love it when  marches into my room at 8:30 and goes through my draws looking for a sports bra.   


Oh how I love working doubles...NOT   


 It's too bad the new coach won't have much to work with  


Cyber Monday purchase was my DMV renewal.   


I'm glad you didn't text back. ....you proved my point...thanks^___^  


 LOOOOOOL nah this is too funny   this is so me lmao  


What happened to defense in the SEC? Clearly a 1 loss team from this tough conference should jump undefeated a  


Yes!! We get to watch a 20 minute video on Philosophy 


Ireland v Latvia or Portugal v Sweden....them decisions.    


people need to follow me!!  haha apparently I have made a new twitter xD 


But the way the outside people see is always the truth 


With high temperatures of -3 and -1, Monday and Tuesday ought to be fun next we =)   


  When you can't debate facts, call people names... it works for Dems. And YOU won't win this standoff.


 right? I totally wanna be out in this nasty weather with only 3 hours of sleep.  


Thank you,  for actually putting up points when I leave you on my bench.  


Hooray for getting depressed out of no where for no reason -_-. 


To defend the referees, Carmelo did not draw blood.. 


   lol dw man i was gonna get a waterfall for u but u dont want...ok lol 


 pathetic!!! Especially as sod is doing such a great job and bang on tactical nous 


Like how the hell do people get 1000 followers like I can't even get one real friend  


protests against drones are only to earn popularity if they are lead by  




Calling a lock smith on Christmas...why is my life so awesome?   


More good local jobs news: FAA does not pick Dayton as unmanned aircraft test site   via   ~:&gt;


Just realized how close auditions actually are... great. 


   every single one in the house does that no one has the "copyright" for it 


Boy how strange that all the horrendous Black Friday stories are from  I'm shocked!!!! 


Rex won't say if the team has put in a waiver claim on Ed Reed. A stunning development...  


Rainy is nice when it's holiday    


Mad props to the student that called me fat behind my back today. Then lied when called out. I sooooo needed that. 


Oh don't worry I LOVE being home alone on Christmas Eve Eve     


Kudos to u for handling your own problems    


 apparently, sexualizing breastfeeding is the way to go. Brilliant! 


Nun - "Get out of my car."
Protagonist - "It's a van." XD 


Don't you love unsolicited criticism? mm yes, the best. 


Feeling the Crosby love on my TL after that segment 


The amount of tweets saying "Niall and Ellie are in the same building" .... Omg image if they shift.. 


Sometimes my sarcasm is so advanced that people actually think I'm stupid  


"I don't want that ungrateful little Bitch at my house for Thangsgiving.Tf? "
Ladies &amp; gents,mother of the year.And she's all mine.


 "Having way to much fun.
Could of been about anything but it seems weird when you see that reaction when he scored.


If you like     then I'm your girl


 good move to hire former players from the glory years to run the team.  They know a little bit about winning.  


Guys did you know Instagram isn't working.  


I really need to tweet more. I'm pretty sure everybody will be enthralled with more updates of my glorious life.    


S/O to the teacher who gave us this DBQ essay while everyone took it easy for break.  


 Programming is a meritocracy cause its an empirical activity. Thats why we dont have programming fads or fashions 


Watch out team iPhone, Android has a finger print scanner now! Hahahaha   my god what a supprise Malky has been sacked that came out of the blue  


I have cleaned, worked, worked out and cooked this evening. Didn't fit in a food shop though...  (


" I love these follow/unfollow corp accounts.   &amp; regular users too. You know yourselves. If you're following me now


Happy Thanksgiving! Let's remember the true meaning of this day, marginalizing the natives for profit! 


Daddy: hi 
*me replying after hours* : hello
Daddy: woah! What a quick reply 



Time to brave the grocery store...I'm sure I'll be overwhelmed by the Christmas spirit at Kroger.  


Morning :) going shopping.. Great   Justin Bieber


Theres nothing better then being lied too 


Narayan Sai arrested with his close aide named Hanuman. Irony just took a deep plunge in to the abyss.  


Really? Castro's death was a suicide? I thought someone else hung him in his own prison cell.  


Today has just been getting better and better 


 they asked him if he was a part of a pro-Islamic group or communist group LOL! Wow 
Also, TSAs logic is genius! 


Finally going to bed!!! Debate tourney all day tmrw again! Can't wait... 


British Gas cutting energy bills by around 50 then, overly excited about what to do with my extra 3.75 a month right now 


    but crc gets to do all the cool stuff, we should all be queuing up for it! 


 bahcall owns too much. Probably asked someone else to step in 4 a change. 


Awesome fucked my hand up punching my door, today is such a good day 


About to nail this TexGov exam that I didn't even study for. Cause I'm a genius.  


Is It finals week or something? I can't tell...  


Yay. I'm one of like ten girls. *throws celebration* 


I wonder how much SEQR will interfere with/delay the construction of the economic savior of upstate...casinos?  


   she's pretty lucky too. I mean, he's funny 


 Because obviously all women care about is getting laid.  *whispers, seriously* I do.


Walking into school and smelling the cadaver&lt;&lt;&lt;  


I didn't know my shin was above my ankle   


 tag me next time. Is your  button broken?      


" You're such a good friend, you always check on me " 


Seriously rs menyesal sbb xmenabung dr kecik mcm datin rosmah.. beliau lah ikon jimat cermat di malaysia. Oh malaysia. 


   no one, exactly that's why stop reading my tweets :) That was  btw ;)


Wonder how they did it widout the engg. Degrees...  


if Hazard could be the new Ronaldo - then surely that means Kagawa will be Pele, Maradona, Ronaldo and Messi all in one  


Haven't been out of school a whole week and I'm back to my 4am "sleep" schedule  


 Lmfao yeah I mean look at the picture we are adorable can't you tell 


I'm loving how much the Preds are just owning the puck.  


anyone know whose got tottenham job, there's nowt on my timeline. 


 jb has a Grammy and you have a size 0 and a pretty face 


Winter Olymipcs Feb 7-23. In name of fairness &amp; equality of outcomes  asks American competitors not to win so often. 



Productive essay writing day. Cried while listening to Bon Iver, stuffed myself with food, and tried dancing in heels. 


Everyone is in an awesome mood today, glad to hear. 


Warriors rout a ridiculously short-handed Lakers. Impressive!  


Well happy I'm up right now...  at least I'm done with school after today!


 I'm sure they would have done the opposite, too. 


'you're on your own' lol perfff words i wanted to hear. 


Why did I take AP Chem? Oh wait that's right have never failed a class before so I figured I would fail one my senior year.... 


Anyone know if Denver and KC are playing? I just can't tell for sure. 


An quit posting your grades...you went to BPCC...of course you made straight A's...   


Best girlfriend ever. I clean and do laundry all day and now off to watch Thor. I'd rather jab my eye out.  


Wonder if MacKinnon and Monahan would have made a difference for Canada at the world juniors? 


Well this is the start of a wonderful day.  


  omg ok  and I told your sis to give you your headphones back when you throw something at her !


Dear Congo,
Let me get this rightyou struggle with basic human needs but you have robots to direct traffic. Makes perfect sense 


Khanibulin has surgery and is out 4-5 months.......oh darn!!!! 


Shout out to the people that didn't come to their scheduled appointments today at work. I love doing nothing for 3 hours. 


  he is good, I enjoy his show. Just having a little laugh!! 


 and homework... Getting a lot accomplished. 


   wow i always feel so special since u rarely fav and/or retweet!   


You know what really makes today awesome...traffic court  Even better considering I actually wasn't in the wrong! 


Drinking potatoes and revising a paper. I mean, how could your evening possibly be better?  


Good times  airport!     AU went from 4th hardest school to earn an A, to 5th. I thought school was feeling easier 


I'm sure the Houston journalists will miss Asik's verbose and loquacious interviews once he is traded...   


I love english so much. getting shit loads of homework all due in for one day is brilliant  


Arnt these Senators just adorable! Just outstanding folk.    min till the end of my life   


tuh la, bila anda berkecimpung dlm dunia  anda kena tahu semua bahasa  ye dik


 Forgot to add old. An old butch, lesbian, sorry.  


I'm all about just staying at first base.  


   it's a BAMF camera that captured this, too. 


 we'll it wouldn't be because you wouldn't trade me halls or anything. 


it makes me super happy when Brianna reads my texts but doesn't answer  


Have you ever noticed that it's only the people who are doing something that make mistakes?  *wink* Get in the game!!


WOHOOO nothing better then getting a shot at the doctor  


Yes we should pay college athletes     thought up the name "Josephinism" for my policies must have been soo clever and smart omg 


Next stop: the Mall, on the second to last weekend before Christmas. This should be fun... 


" James Arthur is back on Twitter!   - well hasn't that just made my year better. Fab   


I love how my boss is so considerate of me. 


This thing usually happen! RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Dear Congress, To keep communal forces out of power as you always say, Can you please support  in Delhi. 


  Yeah, but the B1G is weak so it doesn't matter.  


No way!   RT  Auburn beat Alabama in the 2013 Iron Bowl. 


I don't like thanksgiving food. This dinner is going to go SO GREAT. 


Thank you Grant High School for fully and completely preparing me for college. 



Sorry everyone I was the last one to find out Twitter was private and you can't converse.  


Pretty sure I'm better than  at call of duty 


"sangat indah"  :)  nah lo ya liat laporan sisop yang butuh direvisi cuma nama asdos doang itu rasanya :')


I'm pissed that when I ever so gently brush a wall that my fiberglass bodied Corvette doesn't just disintegrate immediately.  


    *sighs* Robin, as we're all well aware there is NOTHING you don't know about. 


I guess she think she did some cause she fixed a lightbulb. Yeah you're a real handyman!!! 


 And yet Mexicans are probably more likely than Canadians to be creationists  


Yay for apartments that only warm the living room 


It's a good thing that  and  are no longer conference rivals. This game is boring. 


Starting grade 7 tomorrow, starting from scratch with amazing 17 year old dancers. This should be fun 


Early morning doctor's appointment. Yaaaay. And not to mention I have to get a shot. This day is greaaaat! 


Love getting cat called walking down Beall. Seriously it never gets old.  


That "gotta get up and go to work" feeling is the best.   


There are two kind of asshole in this world 


  Bahahahahahahahaha! Then we need to talk! ;)  :)


It's always fun to get to work at 6 am then get harassed by a Co worker before starting our day. Today is going to be wonderful. 


 Who woulda thought that feeding cows other cows would cause so much of an issue??? 


Announcers cheering for an Auburn touchdown?  you sure know how to pick 'em. 


  My family is killing it with directions today 


Its so nice and warm out today, guys!!!      was a crazy and tiring sunday! Sooo much work. Can't believe I finished my project so early..lol yeah it took me 7 hours. 


 Hate when babies don't share the blanket!! Lol    aww


Rain. Snow. Colder temperatures. Sounds like a great forecast, right?  More at 6PM on   


Gay marriage exorcism. It's real and will save all those sinners.   


 Shouts out to  for hitting me back this morning 


Going to the dentist because getting my teeth drilled is always fun... 


Hey internet.. I didn't really mean that Ohio State should play for the title 


 it's fine, I quite like listening to you singing...  


You are one of the reasons I don't care anymore.  Obviously I can't do anything right. Thank you for making me feel like a loser. 


So what does she win? A lifetime supply of watered down beer!? Hip-hip hooray for you!!!   did Ronaldo not win the Heisman, I call BS. 


I love sending texts and not getting a reply. It's probably the best feeling the world.  


 I absolutely love how you have to put your 2 cents in on everything I say. 


. Try the power button. Its around the side or at the back. Switchoff and switch on...   


Thanks for ignoring me. You're a real pal. 



" A random stranger just gave me $10. I am going to give it to the waitress." No! Libertarians are reqd to be greedy! 


I just love when old men creep and try to hit on me in the parking lot  


Just been sitting in this desk for two and a half hours..  


 Do you even defense, Alabama? Yes, they play that speedy SEC-type defense.  Working well so far, wouldn't you agree?  


I wonder how many people put off their homework until tonight/this morning...  


I see the greatness of SEC defense on full display tonight!!   


Glad you know  The way Bria shows me she misses me &gt;&gt;&gt; 


I have to say, my favorite part of editing audiobooks is removing all the audible breaths I took 


  duh - it's bikes. Ban them, no deaths 


 Yeah I think that might be the key to life 


I absolutely love how much appreciation I get for all the work I do and how I never get called lazy! 


Guys, is it the new year yet? I'm really not sure...


  Proving Max right?Sheesh you folks really do live in the past.Hey, remember 1984? You guys really rocked! 


Well looks like the panthers lost.... Again   


 we should first help liberals attain"point" equality in sports. Winners and losers is a cruel capitalist concept. 


I'm so organised for tonight... Proper know what outfit I'm wearing and everything     


I'll bet anything COLIN WARREN, LOGAN BEASCHLER, and JOSEPH BOMGARDNER aka RACIST PIECES OF SH** were left wing LIBS
 


spent today with my b glad to be home tho. 
  awesome as this early-morning flight is, the sub-zero temperature on board makes it even more enjoyable.  


Ah  World capital of handling change effectively.   


I am extremely excited to spend 15 hours in the car with my parents this weekend.  


Good thing I decided to forego that insomniac all-nighter for two hours of sleep. Did wonders for me. 


Love having my authority undetminded.    


 Next tweet? I'll add  Just for you. Okay?


  and more snow is on the way kids!! Oh and a high of minus 19 for Sunday.   


I am going to buy that car so I can drive on trains   


Why is that if a girl had a nitslip it's okay, but if a guy has a dickslip it's a crime? 


It's a wonderful sign when the First Lady describes the president as having "swag"...  


rebecca's song really helps me because that's the thing about weeks, u don't know which day comes next 


So excited to go to work on a Sunday... Again... 


 are you not seeing this? Its a blizzard out there! 


  *the return policy and long lines there suck, too.   


I look forward to Monday's every week to NOT getting a  


 bronze! Not great time, cr first half!! Pursuit tomoro   ;)


Busy day in my office.     Prettybird  lucky am I to live next to the biggest stoner in Georgetown, like, who wouldn't want their apartment always smelling like weed? 


Also thanks for delivering on that  concept    


2014 isn't looking like 2013 for the stock market just yet. We need more dysfunction in Washington and bad economic numbers stat! 


 Yeah man losing D. Colquitt (check spelling) would be a nightmare lol 


Good thing we got rid of Boldin! Clearly he's lost it...


I love falling asleep to the sound of things rolling around in the dryer 


  This is a joke right? Aaron you better not throw another interception to OK or you're fired!! 


Work was surprisingly okay... All I had was like 15 nervous breakdowns.  


I just love it when I'm the one working on a project and other people make unilateral decisions about its processes/procedures.  


The Matrix is obviously much better than the Iron Bowl guys. They're doing us a favor 


I like how my parents promise me something and don't fulfill that promise!! 


 oh yes doing this instead of being out with my friends is just loads of fun lmao 


 did you just love the weather today or what? 


 like you're so totes stupid, I cant freaking understand like a freaking word you're trying to say 


The automatic-flush-ten-times toilets here are so resourceful!! 


Aaaaaaaand all the Sunday Ticket channels lose signal just in time for the 4:25 games. PERFECT!  Thanks for sucking 


hey  you guys have a company wide meeting? nobody on phones, nobody on live chat, do you have anyone on email?  


     American teachers who are destroying a nation ( And believe it or not, 


Ended 2013 single and starting 2014 single, win for me!

 lol


Please do NOT follow  He may or may not be banging my wife. 


Otitis. Great. Just fucking great. 
the pain 


  

Endorsed by  Wow, he must be awesome 


This what twitter and instagram look like ...    I put all my chips on "winter precip" 


 Thanks for letting me pay over $2 for all that ice and so little coffee.    got slapped with a stick of deer summer sausage.. How lovely.  
 


Formula 1. Oh this will be interesting.  


Good job Steam community for voting for Super Hexagon which was already 80% off, to be 90% off. You saved a few pennies. Worth it. 


Seriously ladies can be so jelouse, am even sure Eve counted Adam's ribs everyday just to make sure another wasnt created..


  Her sarcasm is 10/10      


Oh no, they cancelled ACE tommorow *fake tears* 


I guess FSU shouldn't even show up vs the sec. I guess we might as well just send the trophy to auburn.   


Love how everything just works out so perfectly for me all the time 


 ya know...it's a good way to cheer up the team  XDD


" So I work 12.5 hrs on Thanksgiving day and then 9 hrs on Black Friday.  TIGHT.     where


Getting stared down by your aunt the moment she walks through the door. Love my family. 


Ugh food poisoning. :( Glad I'm in my 5 hour class.   


 that comment must have been made in SJ or NE.  


All this hoopla over Beyonce releasing a surprise album? Didn't you guys know she was illuminati? YouTube said so.  


Nothing like a good long walk in the cold heavy rain on a Monday morning to get your day going!  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


I honestly hate it that we have an endless amount of pie around the house. 


 You just don't understand  definition of  Nothing bigger than a penny which will be sh*t canned shortly 


I thought speed like that only existed in the SEC?? 


But will we also spend time on Ngo Dinh Diem's CIA-backed assassination? Naw, sir! Watching O'Reilly's Killing Kennedy instead! 


 Truth, although Testaverde had my hopes high, or was it Carter or Hutchison, no wait it was Bledsoe 


Sodding Christmas drama &amp; it's only bloody November. Really looking forward to this one. 


This Kalida &amp; Holgate game is a barn burner.   losses


  nah man. Nothing about us is shady.  


Nothing beats late night paper writing  


 so when your country is weak jst go kill a guy you dnt like and the country will become stronger. Lesson learned 


All my weekend plans fell through. What a shocker!! 


 WHOA! WE GOT A BADASS OVER HERE!  Just do what I do and chug the bowl. Forks and spoons are for losers.


" Wonderful way to start off the new year 


These emojis are always in my "recently used"... I detect a pattern.    or   or  


United against a premiership team in the  no! I don't believe it!   


An inability to understand  may be an early warning sign of brain disease:  I cant blame you for not wanting to talk to me anymore. I'm just so hideous and a terrible person right?  


My mom decided to just not get a tree this year   


Bengals definitely have a chance at the super bowl with Andy at quarterback 


Catching the end to The Whale. Blimey its full if Christmas joy isnt it???!! 


 Cano who? Brian Roberts all the way   


 that's the time when your brain won't shut up. it's great! 


I have a play button that doesn't do anything when I click it. Yay! 


  that was the joke shlegs. I was telling him it's not 4th grade. 


45 minutes and counting to talk to  customer service!  


- I mean who sleeps these days anyway..it's not like I need to sleep or anything 


Gonna be a great game tonight.   Playing the boring Devils in our ugly third jersey. At least  is calling the game!


Singing half a heart by 1D to the top of my lungs at 2:36am didn't mean to wake everyone up c;  


I'm glad stalberg is living up to that contract for the predators  


 nothing but class i see, like the rest of calgary! 


Ok, I was going to lie, but now I'm not. And she has beautiful teeth, doesn't she?    


Spooky Heather &amp; I performed a very tasteful show on Wednesday.    


" " Our class is really super creative with themes.  what I'm saying" right.


I really love how my phone is blowing up from all these messages I'm getting  


I LOVE it when ppl just leave you out of there plans.....  


yeah can't wait to go back to school with all the amazing people there  


My sister answered her phone "heyy goood moorning suunshine.."  


Who doesn't LOVE waking up early on weekends for work?!?! 


So glad my husband is home from 7 a side so we can now watch televised fucking squash   xx


With   and  waiting in line for Santa with the kids.  This is going to be a blast. 


   I sincerely hope that you get help with the problem of your lesbianism, then. 


If I had a heart, it would be bleeding right now 


  already been there buddy....it's not as bad as you think 


 RT   against Kansas and West Virginia....enough said


Now that tree looks amazing haha well done who ever decorated it, great job xx   we're going to draw parallels, Vietnam didn't start out too well for our govt, either and look how that turned out!  


First in line at   cool    


That can't be possible it hasn't been a week yet. Break isn't over is it? 


   

Is the book still available ? 

Lol 




   Normally a GB player gets past the OL and then manages to get the QB on the ground. 


Filip Forsberg with a sweet goal for Team  I'm so glad the  didn't keep him. Smart move to get rid of him. 


Sex is the evil in the world!   


Some people are like clouds. When they go away, it's a beautiful day. 


 Nice, so a newer resolution? So that's 720p, 1080p, 1080i and now NewYearsp? ;)  


She just has such a hard life.....   proud that in the  they think "help" is Hellfire missles and unmanned drones.  


Please, turn the flash on when you take a mirror pic, it's an awesome idea! 


Sadly (or not), yes, that's true ;) Still love it though lol    class I so focused when Mr Thornton comes on the announcements... 


calc, 4 hours of work, then a 6 hour drive home because of this snow storm  who wouldn't be excited for that? 


You people getting intoxicated tonight are seriously so cool. I mean so cool. 


Waking up to screaming crack heads, I love the ghetto 


I'd post pictures of the glory that is driving over the Grapevine &amp; up 5 North, but i don't want you all to be jealous of my day! 


birthday in two days yahhhhh much excitement wooo hoo yeaaaah awesome 


Ohhh how fantastic mornings are in this house :))) 


  NAFTA worked well for us, right?       


Bella boyfriend vs. Bella boyfriend should've been the tag-line for Summerslam. Imagine the buys  


I have a sinus infection with the flu on top. Thank God, I was worried for a second that I wouldn't be sick for the holidays!!!  


No youre certainly not making big deal. All you do is tweeting about it a few times. 


   FSU plays in some nailbiters 


. Nah, Bashir can host the Alec Baldwin show.   


1 top 40 win against a 3 loss Wisconsin. Wow you definitely, deserve to be ranked  over. 


When your bestfriend is leaving for Cali and you don't get to even hangout before that's when you know she loves you.  


 sure knows how to help their customers  


I hope my generation is just as good as those baby boomers!!  


Grindr Diary. Day 126.           Id be proud to call her my girl.  


 Pot sales exceed $1 million on first day   so proud. 


Wow not even 10 min into the movie im kicked out of the living room. Thanks kyle.  


Called into work early but it's okay cause it means spending the whole day with my wonderful boss. 


  Twitter's failure to sense  is always 


A censored porno on a motorcycle in front of a green screen. Yup that was the Bound 2 video  


Nobody noticed me taking all the pizza. They just continued talking about their feelings and deep emotional burdens... like YUCK 


S/O to peeps posting screenshots of the temp, w/o you I'd have no idea what to expect when I go outside in the middle of winter  


Reese's Molton Cake at Chili's!! Disgusting!     this is your President taking a selfie...at a funeral. What a great role model..     snow plows are doing a really good job. 


Everyone's freaking out over Miley Cyrus or rob ford and I'm just sitting here like THANK GOD I'm perfect   


 Mike Shanahan was fired? I didn't see that coming!  I called it  thank God!!!


Make friends with sarcastic a-holes     you try and give your friend advice about relationships an he says back, thanks tips. 


Eagles didn't overlook the Vikings. Not at all. 


  no. What are you supposed to do with that? 


  actually, my  hashtag was a dig at Manure no longer being in that comp!  &amp; 


 obviously it is  a lot of times I don't take that shit, &amp; I call em out. Sometimes it works.


Watching you play her the way you played me helps me to not give a fuck. You keep doing you, it's clearly getting you somewhere. 


Lovely to see a meme making fun of mental illness doing the rounds 


" Basically my daughter's brain.. Yep... I'm a proud mother..   Lol! This right here. My brain. 24/7.


Really glad my company cares about it's employees and their health and safety.    


This great ! Excatly what i fucking needed !    ?


Can't wait to go ice-skating with this ugly, ratchet, stupid, mean, low-life, witch.. &gt;&gt;&gt;   


Words can not express how much I enjoy being ill...                     Ugh.


Gin icicles...jk. I would never. Flavored vodka icicles b/c who gives a shit.    just love mornings when everyone is just in such a fabulous mood 


I really do love seeing football tweets  


 Yeah you know I'm such a huge fan of morning sex. 


 Wow, now I can't even answer the comments of my subscribers. Great job, guys  


 I just love how it's been commercialized! Yay! :) 


 Yeah and Arsenal are gonna win a trophy  


Wishing I was still laying on you! In a lot of pain right now, No more medicine until 1 this night is gonna be great  


I love to shop this time of year...almost as must as poking needles in my eyes..!!!  


 Seems as though they were just primitive, but Christianity stood the test of time... 


Spain are wondering if there is any way they could get Tom Huddlestone into their squad for the World Cup next year he's that good



My youngest has been sick 4 times this morning. Luckily for me I went out last night and for drunk !!!   


 Flares? Atmosphere?! Whoever would want to go to a game like this?  Looks terrifying. 


   did you miss the memo? They got reclassified, that means they're good guys now! 


 You are a play-a-making god at the moment. You kill us. Screw-a-you!!! Haha   


Thank goodness we risked our lives for this ....   hahaha


My tweets express my horrible English speech, and I write my shits in Twitter.  


What a lovely sequence of play calls... I mean Douglas is known for his passing ability...


 but the wall art is definitely top-notch!  


Dear India,
Congratulations on your progress; women are second class citizens AND being gay is illegal. Wow, fantastic. 
Love, 



Want to impress the boss and get a promotion? Do mediocre work and and have a can't do attitude! 


What an awesome Saturday! I woke up took a shower ate some ramen noodles and played xbox! 


If this doesn't work nothing will.....    , and then  
I mean what the fuck is happening man.



Well thanks to my biological clock I'm wide awake at 8AM on a Saturday.. So nice! 


End of first half:  52  41!! So many ppl in foul trouble already. Good thing this is just another game tho!  :))


Yep I definitely listen to the radio for the commercials...  


  I'm excited to see them get a pitcher with not only arm problems, but foot issues too 


Saban looks like a great guy to just chill and have a beer with.....not!     


Knicks in OT with the Bucks. Great basketball...... 


Mistakenly clicking through on mobile ads really is one of life's great past times. 


I Dont Know What Everyones Talking About ... Its Official Summers Back !!    it's snowing! That means global warming really IS a liberal hoax! 


The Big East/American finishes 9-7 in the BCS, but yeah that conference was never any good  


Stuck at the back of Walmart in a tornado warning with about 400 of Springfield's finest. Nice way to spend Sunday night.  


         the owners box looks confident 


"You know those things up on the thing in the bathroom?!?" Yes dad I know exactly what you're talking about...  


3 days of chilling before my flight home. It's a good job I'm in the most exciting city in America..   


You cant have my heart and you cant use my mind, but do what you want with my body great lyrics 


" I love how much snow and ice are on the side roads!!! 


Another awesome Friday night!! I live the life of a rock star!  


 and he knew it was a lie from the minute that tweet got sent into the world. 


 lol whut. Kai are you sick or somethin'?? 


MY OUTFIT FOR WWA TOUR    GOTTA PLAN 8 MONTHS IN ADVANCE     yes!! The sweet smells of Dundalk.  


What i hate asking the most !             Chris smalling will win it for his brilliant marking 


  i live in emmercompascuum comr visit my swaggy town &lt;3 


Love the smell of piss on the bus in the morning so fresh :) 


Today was a great day to start off my week.. 


 Ohh. Why do you wish that? You like the band teacher,don't you? 


Shabazz Muhammad already in the D League. Didn't see that coming. 


Is it possible for a college athlete to get "extra work" in without sharing it on social media? Just curious 


Whether I live in Calgary or Toronto. My friends are awesome and come see me all the time.   am I doing.


I like it when people use multiple hashtags to give me some context.  


Love the way my friends come  over to me to keep me company when I'm sick 


I really hope someone posts a video of boiling water being thrown into the cold air. I've always wanted to see that. 


  we've got a brilliant one here ladies and gents  to your 


...Yeah...I love it as much as pink ink on my skin 


 that's the first time I've ever been referred to as a "you people" That  is a wordsmith.  


  shouldn't do the BBC any harm... not like anything major happened after they shelved the Savile program? 


Great season Miami Dolphins! Especially the effort in the last two weeks. This team has nothing but a bright future!  FIRE EVERYONE


That was great decisions by  to get rid of Joique Bell and Chris Ivory 


Looking forward to the holiday season.. Especially the week of christmas working 45 hours... :/ 


 Did you know ?  anxiety and loud noises in my head tonight...  perfect.  


Wait.... Obamacare has had problems? NO WAY. Thanks for clarifying that during a press release. 


I'm so proud I was born the same day as Nicki Minaj 


My dad doesn't want me to meet The wanted coz he thinks I'll fangirl too much PFFFTTT now what would make you think that 


So excited that I made it home for the Flames/Oilers game. It'll be nice to warm up and watch some great hockey.   


"Going on a cruise" "where?" "The fecking sea!"  


Glad you completely fucked up that last message you sent and I have nooo idea what you meant by it.  


I got me some good deals at QT. Whatcha know about that?      Christmas Sweater parties are so original. Why don't people have them more? 


At work, with 2 bowls of cereal for fuel, and had to listen to obnoxious Xmas music the whole way here. Today, is gonna be amazing. 


 yes indeed. We must leave room on the roads for all the traffic jams in peak hour. Indeed 


Check up and dentist appointment today. One person shouldn't be allowed to have this much fun 


Thank you for leaving me to do all of the cleaning. I always wanted to be someone's maid. 


 Really lucky they put FOUR carriages on for the 4.31 train.I'm not sure how everyone will fit!   is so shocking  RT  Report: The Washington Redskins will fire Head Coach Mike Shanahan tonight or on Monday. 


 haha I forgot about that, that song is a classic 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Last day off 2day boys    can't wait go back work 


I can't express my joy that my train is delayed 


I'm glad my coworkers are here so I can open up my store  


But now its me, my cats &amp; cookie monster   


 was i being definitive? I said it was shite - which it was. But no, i jest. It was a great performance  


 lol   .....if you don't have anything nice to say just make something up


Not to brag but the tags I make up myself are better than the trending ones.....   :'D


The rest of this semester will consist of nothing but studying. Yay. I'm so excited. 


Warming my eggs so they don't crack when I boil them     sexism is totally over guys.    is Part of My Charm!     


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 to help pay for all those big free agents we're signing?  Can we trade our owner for 1 who isn't afraid to spend?


Pinched nerves make for a great day..  


  they are obviously struggling to deal with the loss of cano 


About to embark on a fabulous night shift. I &lt;3 retail... in case you didn't get that


OMG I can't wait til next week..Fetch have an emotionally painful confrontation..hahaha!  Wouldn't that require some kind of depth?


Celtic will go 14pts clear if they win today, great football league 


I have messed up my television and do not know how to fix it :/   


Sounds Cote really 'wanted change her lifestyle'   think its really disgusting when you finish your cereal and you can see sugar crystals left at the bottom  


Wills timing to announce that was impeccable 


Wow I felt blessed to be involved in the 125 ecsd anniversary   


Venti cup of steamed milk destruction...yeh!!  lol  it's starting to get to me  a new year.. &amp; i'm literally doing the exact same thing as last year! wow.. who saw that coming? certainly not me..  


Can't wait for the sex sweet voice of Gary Daniels.   


J-E-T-S!! Geno for rookie of the year!   


So our tesco shopping was delivered, god my mum ordered a lot!! Not sure if its enough though?   a shame Walcott isn't going to the World Cup  


 How can he get out on 74. This is injustice.

  


cant wait to sit in again tonight babysitting 


I have to work an 8 hour shift tomorrow yayyyy! 


Totes loving English 121 rite now omg.        


 Yea you didn't miss much.  but don't worry everyone will be yakking about it for the next week.


I hope I'm up early enough for the January sales lol 


Run up the middle... Didn't see that coming  Eagles blowing it hard, along with my money


dentist appointment then mile intervals, what a great day ahead! 


Today was a good day. I had exams, coffee spilled on me, and locked out of my house. Today was a good day. 


"You And I reminds me of Zerrie"

"Half a Heart reminds me of Payzer"

me:

 only talk to you once every year at best but yes oh course I remember your life story.   


UGA's defense having trouble stopping this high-powered App. State offense. 


Love how when I start work everyone is finishing 


    ...Promoting the "salvation" message in The SALVATION Army, I'm sure. 


I hope everyone is ready to get a 60 person group text at midnight saying Merry Christmas. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I just want  to get her g2 already so she can drive us to starbucks everyday considering we live to far away to walk 


You know you're best friends when you look ugly as sin and they still tell you you look beautiful.   


That's pathetic wow auburn was to go...   


Just love being the tissue to my boyfriend buggers 


This day is off to a terrific start  better go up from here... Get it together Friday!!


And statistics.  RT  You know what goes well with a pounding headache? Studying physics III 


I love sitting in the waiting room at doctor's offices for 2 hours.   


 bench bunch showing some life, making a run, only down 20 now! 


  woooooo!!! Good thing fraser was dressed tonight. 1st point of the season. Genius move by Randy  


RETIREMENT UNLIKELY FOR SOME BLUE-COLLAR AMERICANS
 Work 'em to death - WTG Obama 


I love working in the snow!! Feeling in your hands and face is overrated anyways! 


  dude me and   are addicted to that show!

I'm SHOCKED that we all like something awesome 


I read that sarcasm so well 
 
   


 Yeah I would have never known you were picking on me had you .not said something. Thank you for the update! :p 


I'm always taken back by the exceptional customer service I receive at the   


Just walked through a bunch of deep snow. That was fun.



It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 do you get to wear one of the awesome wigs?  


  Walmart works with a 3.0% profit margin. How dare they!



Also, stocks up 0.14% today!


Titans kicking field goals in the redzone shocked 


I love coming home to bad news.   


To turn on the light you have toblick the wall to turn it on right? Thats how you turn a light on?



Shame on  Documentary about the history of the universe without mention of Adam &amp; Eve?   


 did he mean a tsunami of love, peace and understanding for all?  


Thank you ice storm for cutting the power. Now what to do? Talk to people?   


"Scared to drive back home in the snow?" Oh! You mean the 4 patches you saw on the way here?  


 No Klaine interaction in 100th episode? Of course not. Why make those fans happy. Not like they're wildly popular. 


I just love working outside in this weather. I can adapt to the cold and only have to wear four layers now  


" Please, refrain from sending me smileys through text. I love texting robots. 


Was Mike Myers at the Liverpool game today  


 We spend 100s of dollars to shave off a few grams from our bike components to add it back on with magnets?  


I didn't tell yall! I got one of my papers done!! 4 to go and a project.  I'm in there  


oh yeah a arms deal really makes the world more dangerous 


11 chapters down, 4 more to go. i dont know why people hate finals week!!  -_- i know why people hate finals week.


Have fun drinking tonight everyone one it's French TV and hot chocolate. "Going to be a wild evening" wahooo..  


I like holding music so much I call customer services so I have music to listen to while I clean.  


Getting ready to go wait outside of Walmart/Target/Best Buy so we can get a few TVs for a really low price! 


Got a good 10 minute workout in this morning just scraping off my car... Gotta love that glaze ice!   


aaaaand the sasquatch &amp; the demon are here   


 Stakeout: Waiting for these world renowned politicians to film these briefings.    


Going to bed! Finally!!! I got a wrestling meet tomorow. Yaaay. 


 thats the FN Center to u Mike.  Or are you on their payroll too hmmmmm  


Had internet for 45 minutes, even streamed the first 45 minutes of NCIS, guess I won't know how it ended.  Thanks  


white people have it the worst. we came to america and it was really hot and we didnt wanna farm.  


Good to see the oilers have solved their goaltending issues. LOL   


I don't know if I can watch this game with a clear conscience. It's just so unfair for Kentucky.  


I wish I had a thermostat to take a picture of  to let everyone know how cold it is outside.  


Gotta love starting your day by paying tuition 


. is preaching at a retreat instead of watching the Bama game. I'm disappointed. Priorities man..  proud of you bro


dylan gets mad when i dont text him back. but he can not text me back and he thinks its okay.   


My first day back to school outfit!    just had a drunk 60 yr old man call me a bitch and f-up and threaten to take a swing. My job is fun sometimes  


I just love those days when nobody text me.  


Wonderful way to start my exam week.  


Kyle Orton filled in as Tony Romo's back up perfectly!!     


"  totally cause Annika loves people lol   anhaha


Yes you can take your time to answer, I mean, I don't have nothing to do, I'm not hurry so you can answer me whenever you want.  !!!


Ok just grab my phone and put you're number in cause i really wanted it you know.. Ha ha 




The amount of care and concern you show for me is overwhelming. Like please, calm down.
 


Mizzou has an edge on defense. I didn't know that was possible seeing that they were in the Big XII 2 years ago  


 thank you for admitting it. I'll take my award now. 


 haha i was wondering how he is still at your club. had a great season with us  milner was just as bad though


  AGREED! How come nobody just asked him up until now? 


 stirrup pants. And sweet sweet mullets.   basically the snow just cockblocked my project. Thanks a lot snow.  


Well that was SO worth plugging in my cable box to get Fox Sports One. 


Uni tomorrow for extra rehearsals, totally buzzing  It's actual effort hahaha


Don't stand up to bullies kids, because that's seen as pathetic    


One more test between me and break. Time flys when you are having fun.  


Hahaha    lines: 
89-44-22
14-15-25
16-19-9
93-7-6

Mika's on the fourth line again. Sorry folks :(


Mmmmmm yummyy! Half raw porkchops are amazing..  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


If u urgently  for 6 months, don't act like  unless u work in  under a boss like Shoma Chaudhry.
Lol. 


 Hi, don't listen to all those haters out there, you are doing a brilliant job. Keep up the good work guys 


On 4th and 3 you launch it down field? Smart lol 


 or better yet how about suitcases filled with dollars hahaha 


Can you tell I had a great Thanksgiving?   looks like it's going to be a beautiful day 


Parents are being so nice today! They are simply the sweetest! 


Kyle Quincey can't even successfully draw a high-sticking penalty. Ugh.  


I think you have constipation cause you're full of shit  


Oh man, Riyadh is soooo hot outside that I had to wear a short and a sleeveless shirt while going to the masjid today (: 


 Similar to Victorino last season. Love to see Indians fans go w/expected the "Typical cheap Dolan" routine. I missed it 


Oh thanks  and  for a billion snapchats of my brother, like I don't see him enough.... 


I can't wait till the Turkey Trot in 32 degree weather 


Time to chill at the airport for 6 hours! Yay!! Fun times!! 


Those who don't quit will never experience the thrill of running away. 


of course my friends come visit me all the time in my town.    


No really, keep staring. It makes me really comfortable.  


I just love when people don't text me back it really make me feel important.  


Let's remember why we celebrate this holiday... Happy early Black Friday sales everyone!  


Cant wait for a one day school week     &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 


Some classic holiday jams.   Don't Stop Dancing - Justin Michael &amp; Kemal Mix  Kaskade &amp; EDX feat. Haley  it just great when family fights on Christmas Eve!!   


Great I'm sick and I can't sleep... Tomorrow is gonna be a great day 


Your shin is above the ankle? I never knew that! You learn something new every day! 


High of 81 in December? Perfect for scarfs and white chocolate mochas...   clearly someone needs to be stoned to death. My bet's on the female.  


Guys, guys, guys! Woah! Hold up! Don't everyone text me back at once. 


Big, if true.  I know what channel the game is on.  tweet


Happy Non-Specific Holiday! Don't want to offend anyone....  


Help? Oh I'm no good at that, may I interest you in a sarcastic quip?  


 But according to the announcers he landed on the guy.  That must be a no no. 


Per the (late) founder of ICR, an evolution-based worldview caused the 2 world wars. Source:  Um, right. 


Monday, here again so quickly....so happy about it!!  part about being short is when it rains your pants get wet up to your knees. 


Everybody is Black Friday shopping when it's still Thursday  


 will let you know as a woman she's knows what she is doing  but her thought process was in a similar vein!


I was sooooo looking forward to closing but then merchandise came in... Yay. 


What a surprise. LA, MS, and AL are in the top 5 worst driving states in America.  


Finally getting on the plane after 2 cancelled flights. Thank you   Fuck Me and the horse I rode in


 Oh how nice. I like how you are so excited about that. 


No its fine Westfield, none of us students have to work on things for finals next week, resnet can stay down. 


About fifteen minutes before 2014 y'all OMG OMG.  


  No doubt bcuz  has been pregnant many times &amp; knows all abt it.  cc 


.    Anecdotal evidence. Trumps statistics any time! What do we need science for anyway, eh? 


 didn't realise you counted all the things I write , but okkk Connor I'll try to keep my excitement in just for you 


Christmas really brings out the best in some people. 


Done downstairs! Now I get to clean the party upstairs, so happy!!! 


Today's my first day back to school, and I'm currently on 2 hours and 10 minutes of sleep. THIS IS GOING TO BE THE BEST DAY EVER! 


So now Twitter stopped working for me? Great.
I need not say this but I will, that was 


Enews be like "Kendall Jenner and Harry Styles heat up the slopes"  yeah there was so much passion and sexual tension there 


Good thing im sleepy as hell and have to go to work! It would be just terrible for me.to get a full nights sleep.



Weird. Lillard is getting hot in the 4th.   


My mom just said I was too skinny.
Thanks mom. 
You're the best. 


My brother's Christmas gift to me. I am so excited I can barely contain myself.     have to rekick here to take time off the clock for a shot for Dexter McCluster to be tackled by the nearest defender to him 


 you mean you don't love this bipolar GVegas weather?  


When life gives you lemons, squirt it in the mean persons eyes.  


Top of the league another clean sheet! Not bad for a squad with one prolific striker 


 what do you mean scrubs? That's a defense with 3 count'em 3 1st team all ACC'ers. 


 Well Penn State's sanctions were never mentioned at least once a game  


 what are you talking about!? Yeovil Vs Leyton Orient must be the pick!  


It's good to see that at  there's no bias.    too bad there's no middle finger emoji! I've missed both of your teasing ... 


  That's great news, I don't know how I could of coped if they had gotten here!! 


 looked great in that td drive. Poised and ready for playoffs. What?  They're 2-9.  Never know against  


Well that was the longest parade of my life. 


Gutted that I won't be able to watch the game between  vs Oldham tomorrow, thanks a million   


This offense from Chelsea is wonderful.  


Apparently the only thing I can count on you for is lying to me..again. Thanks so much.   


Its nice to see people making this Sharkeisha character social media famous for taking a cheap shot. 


The Christmas bitterness Of self important wannabes never gets old 


Yes coach, lets run straight down the middle since that works so well for us.  


 I thought getting rid of replacement refs was supposed to get rid of these controversies 


Need more evidence that the snow outside is real, please more pics n videos!!!!!!!  


   Aren't we wonderful? Aren't we great? we are just the best...  :-P


Anyone who doesn't have my mum be jealous, she's so supportive and loving 


Who else is ready to smash the ACT bright and early tomorrow morning!? I know I am. 


   I mean I'd rather be the top French fry guy in nowheresville then any MLB regular 


Lol thanks for telling me its new years eve people... Honestly thought its still christmas...


Thank you Doctor Who, for giving me a reason to be afraid of the dark. 


Substitutions that make reading the news more fun...     another class. So half of the writing is happening tonight. It's been fun. 


Yep - let's make a 5.7MB take 1 minute to download  


So basically my history teacher isn't going to teach us 1970 to present day. Gonna pass this final with flying colors 


 if you like being cursed out and called names, then by all means change jobs 


5 little monkeys is going to imprint on my brain soon...  


 You're not Pyshco , you don't lie and don't have a std. Your a nice girl  


 well thanks for sharing my email, guys! Geez ;p




 you overreacting??  Who would have guessed 


Tutu aside, is Bono gonna be at Madiba's funeral? I mean..what's a big African event without it's main spokesman



I love it when girls subtweet me and call me cute!!  


My favorite thing is when snapchat stops giving notifications. Then i open it and have 20 from  


Y'all,  babyname game for me is sick. "Dude," "Bro," "Man," and "Home Dog" are a few of my favorites. 


Sales meeting at 14:00 for three hours. SUPER psyched for that. 


  that editing was superb... I mean the lighting was so real... Lol 


Made it to work. What great weather we are having! 8D   


aw man. I really wanted to see Rudy Gay versus Kobe 


oh no. We couldn't have Rouhani and Obama actually meet! Not that!!    


"I'm so bad at jokes that I unironically tag things  Any joke involving my team means you're a jerk." -  


Can't sleep because I'm shitting my self so much about the big game against Leicester tomorrow 


Working on any Friday night is awesome. Add in a Christmas tree lighting outside my office tonight makes it just magical. 


Great to see the speaker is provided a chance for a balanced debate.  


 Bob - Just curious if any follower has asked you the daily obligatory how about signing Beltran question today. 


GUYS I wonder what Joshua got me for Christmas - IT'S KILLING ME     that new Keanu Reeves movie looks fantastic doesn't it? 
 



 seems like a calm, rational guy.    


Have fun in Seattle Cano! That's a great baseball market and they have a promising future! 


 I find that a leaf blower and/or the sound of Elmo on the television in the background is also pure magic. 


Good thing about it, is that they gave us 40 fckin' minutes for like 110 items and it's equivalent only to 1 plating exam. Great! 


Louis Walsh chose a Westlife singer as his duet   


 LOL, yes because if you actually found a Bigfoot no one would tune in for that 


   :--)      


 I mean I know my teeth are super clean and it makes me that much more attractive, but like... Go away.  


British MasterCard has picked me for a lump sum of 750,000. Oh boy. 


It's  and  fault.   RT  Speaker just busted  for having a potty mouth in  


Just casually reading baby books, cause that's what my education is about :) sounds fun right?  
 One Direction


Great way to start Christmas break. Car practically getting stuck in the hs parking lot. 


What is your favourite way to get to a wider twitter audience? RT if it's pleading for RTs, FAV if it's begging for FAVs. 


Thank you for your left over quarter sir. That is quite the tip.  


Love leaving my phone at home when I go to work 


Oh yeah. That's exactly what I wanted to do tonight 


I love when the flu shot makes my arm feel like it's gonna fall off.  


  we can't let promoting the Jan show get in the way of solidifying a deal.  lets geder done 


 let's just keep as is then coz this beautiful union we have is really working out.  let's wait on the 


Oh. Famous Jameis won't be charged with sexual assault....  


Congrats to the cowgirls on beating the deadskins by 1 point on a 4th down play. They have a legit shot of making the Super Bowl... 


I can't help but feel like Black Friday is a little racist 


So what's up with all of the posts about this "Catching Fire" stuff? It sounds like its something worth seeing! ;)   ?


 yeah but Wesley Snipes looks like the guy out of blade?!   :-) x


It's strange...  is supposed to be the best, since everybody agrees that  is all knowing  but my ipad is still laggy.


Once again seems like the weather forecasters were spot on 


This list via  Eredivisie Free Agents 2014.Hmmm prospects?Buy now &amp; be ready for team in 2020 
 for my a&amp;p final is going real well if all y'all can't tell!   


If you were in my house when I'm in the shower, you'd honestly think beyonce was there or sutton hahahhaha  :)


Did I hear it's cold outside? I wouldn't know, I'm stuck in my warm bed on my day off.     


Anyone have a PS4 they don't want anymore?  Otherwise I'll just go to  and pick one up.  


Apparently twitter has decided to un-follow people for me again. How lovely. 


I'm loving this ice obstacle course this morning 


View for lunch was okay I suppose         seed was a great way to start the daily challenges update for  on Vita and PS3 


yes Bank of America I would love sports rewards 


  Oh, thats much better.  1999 eh? Thats the last time I gave a shit about Pearl Jam.


I dont know why so many girls think Juan Pablo Montoya is so hot all of the sudden. Its weird. 


4 pages of homework.. Thanks Mr. Clark!       your the best at everything you do  


Good old XBOX always thinking about people before profits!!!  [image]  Well that's a nice 6% turnout for Little Rock registered voters... 


cant wait until i see my family for new years and they bring up my non existant love life    


Glad I'm going Southampton away next week. Can't wait to sing Tim Sherwoods blue army  


I can go all night without anyone talking to me or paying attention to me :3 Not even my family or 'friends'. Hahahah I love life. 


Oh please keep showing us the 03/04 playoffs....us flames fans want to relive it forever 


I think the thing I missed the most about school was being slammed into in the hallways bc everyone's rude af 


I'm going to a Southern Baptist wedding this weekend. I cannot contain my joy at the prospect of a wedding without liquor. 


 Haha, you mean fiery crash into either pole or tree doesn't seem valid from these highly valid sites like wiki??? 


 That's because women are professional gossipers and don't know twit about cars &gt; 


   Yeah, I guess if you come out of a certain womb, you are. 


I love it when my garmin shuts off on me every time I run.  


HA! My kind of sarcasm. I don't like Mondays and I REALLY don't like mornings.  RT " Good morning Monday. 


Just 5 more hours of driving until I get to Binghamton :D 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 because beating the shit out of people is illegal.


Cheez-itz , Mountain Dew &amp;&amp;'d math, great way to spend my Saturday night  


Intelligent individuals find it extremely difficult to resist using  and tend to use it more often.


Oh it's seaming &amp; swinging nasty out there. Good call Clarke.   lol 


Starting off Christmas break and I feel like I have the flipping plague  


   No matter: control freak communism greater than mere people - 


Did Jimbo just say this is what great players do "when the money is on the line"?  


Thanks ITV for showing a blank screen for the last half an hour or so, just love it.  


There's nothing better than being away from home Christmas and not being able to open your presents till after...  


"  delicious Japanese Schnitzel. Good to see you Chris".... thanks a lot scott!  


  three more championship contenders to knock off the track ... Keep going SVG  


Less then a month until my birthday. Which is on a Monday. Yay. 


Don't you love it when finals week gets extended because of bad weather   


Like sure you can cut in line   


Bloody hell ... How many more diagnosis do I need ?  Reynauds and gastroparesis  to go with pots there's my hat trick ... Lucky me 


Well that was a fun night....   


Glad I could help  RT  Listening to sarcastic people daily makes you more creative &amp;amp; increases your intelligence!


This bus smells like puke. Man the  is awesome.   


 Little tip for u...don't write on the piano    


Stumbling, mumbling, knocking things over, whilst having the worlds worst Tash.

How not to impress someone!




James says that he wants a rimless tennis racket. Wow. He's smart. 


Alright thats fine everybody take the chairs ill just sit on the floor  


wait.. did the cowboys win? cuz i cant tell.  lol 


  Gators on pace for their first losing season since '79 or something. Thats a shame..   


Come home from work and what do I get for dinner? That's right cold pizza  


Heard yesterday that Dow ended year up 25%. Best since 1995. So glad our President is such a socialist. 


Someone tell me why the fuck Dallas is losing to Oakland   


I love watching TV with no sound    


I have never met someone that has made me want to gouge my eyes out as much as you.   


 ...seems like I read on here you'll be calling the Sugar and Capital One Bowl... Is that correct? 


Everyone is talking about the great concert and I'm over here, "oh yeah, well I had a great time cheering!"  


Cut my hand on something that is child proof...yup talent right here guys!  


 lol this was definitely something that needed to be tweeted :-) 


So if people want $15/hr to work fast food with a new min wage, I should probably get paid approx double what I make now.  


Why do people start sentences with "if you haven't had a chance" WTF does that really mean? Think about THAT when you get a chance. 


I have an interview tomorrow and my boyfriends put a lovely hickie on my neck. Thanks  


   I miss it more than you both 


Getting my bag checked and metal detectored doesnt freak me out at all ..   


Microsoft's Official Socl App Now Available For Windows Phone 8:     ;)


Lol my "friends" invite me to hang out with them all the time.. 


We live in a crime filled city. I'm moving to philly where you can trust your neighbors. 


thankful4 screwing the indians over just so fucked up americans can eat turkey today 


Getting ready for work, so hyped to be away from my family on a snow day! 


That is one great teacher...   


Our teacher let us out ten minutes early, I was like, soooo generous 


Yes it happened overnight and, unbelievably (!), Australia is yet to be consumed by hellfire.      when I bust him I say "nice game you may hit the road now" and he called me a smartass!   


 I couldn't imagine the struggle Riley Cooper has overcome. Such a success story, what a great guy. 


What a great way to start off Christmas Eve.... 


Sat on my own in sainsburys cafe drinking a mixture of Pepsi and Apple tango, this is the life 


Thought my chem final was today at 8..... Nope, it's on Wednesday.... I love Monday 


I forgot, the models are concrete and predict every storm correctly. The ops runs are perfect, dont look at anything else. 


Oh, its still going? I had no idea.    Its like I have to entertain myself.


 Fine, fine. I bow to your superior wittery, oh Lord of Wit! Teach me your ways, kind sage!  


 in 2014 - Know what goes perfect with a moist, sandy yard with people walking in &amp; out of the house? White Tile. 


Oh dear! What an unfortunate thing to happen that has led me to eat from chimichanga! 




Finally have a bf on New Years and don't think ima even be with him... Aha my life is soooooo wonderful 


If only you could hear my voice rn. I sound too happy! 


 Apparently on 13% of Democrats have eyes &amp; 3% have ears otherwise  would be ex-President 


Well the Sabres are losing again, no surprise. Let's fire the coach again, cuz it worked so well the last 2 times  


 Shame Ben, it's the hardest decision the contestant will ever have to make...  


You're such a great family. Disowning me cause I don't put on a perfect show &amp; act like I'm just the happiest person in the world. 


If there's one  that's a must - it is  if you comprehend   &amp; aren't put-off by a wee bit of  ;)


I would never let anyone take away my 1st Amendment Right to be the star of a reality TV series! That's why I fight! 


Lifeskill  - Bring your phone at your eye level, shift it little right, you can text and talk to the person in front of u!




0.41% peningkatan dlm keputusan PMR 2013.. TINGGI betul peningkatannya tu..haha..  Cc: DSAI 


I didn't know Norv Turner was still coaching the Chargers damn pussies 


You got drama, I got guns. How fast can you run? 


oh, great! dick vitale is covering the game! 


" Mike D'Antoni: "We're not the best team in the league right now."" Shocking! 


  &amp; you the right to act like a jackass on twitter. I'm sure you make them very proud  


 Totes mainstream *flicks hair* I only listen to indie rock bands that no one's ever heard of now!  


My enthusiasm for practice is at an all time high... 


My lock screen Christmas is coming can't wait           just saw the result ... one of Moyes' better performances as Man Utd manager. 


It's weird how hanging out with friends from home brings back things you don't do at college.   


 imagine how cold it would be without that damn global warming. Sorry climate change.    is 


Brosius said  is the anti-christ. The first star of the week is defiantly the anti-Christ 


Loh kmrn telat kak? RT  starting this semester with TBO. what a good begining. hahahaha :" 


I can't wait to use all of this Afrikaans literature knowledge that I've learnt next year :D  should be useful   


I'm having such a blast. I could just from all this fun 


Closing out the library is one of my favorite activities.     


There's stiff competition to give new definition to  after  defeat.Not true face of tweeple   


A big shoutout to all the retail stores open today! You are awesome. 


 plz tell yasmine (yalle 3mletle block) t2oum tnashir l8assil   


 i feel like they haven't done enough publicity for it 


 Off to Hogwarts for a Christmas extravaganza. I AM SO EXCITED. Oh, I'm going tomorrow. What nice timing. 


It's ok Cutler &amp; Trestman...this game is not at all important.  Keep doing your thing.   


 Come on man, "Dead People Be Like" would kill onstage.  


   ok you guys are making me sick even in  lol  


Love not getting invited to things. It just warms my heart. 


  their own damn fault for being poor, marginalised and sick. Gah stupid people 


 did u not get my sarcasm young Niall?? We are not very good at the game of rugby!  


Shocked!
  

Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack   If you don't love excessive foul shooting and key players in foul trouble you're crazy. 


 You mean the guys who play the game? Nah. Coaches are so much more interesting. 


Lets go uconn football we going to be here next yr 


Rugby is on! Yay (such popular sport free on tv ! How come ? 


 - yeah... 'Merica... Tight place to be.  X


Dinner date tomorrowOoo this should be fun.:) 


Woo! I got an email with an EE application attached!    


"Man United can still win the title" - Arsene Wenger  


Went shopping today. Well this  isn't triggering at all   for that cup song from pitch perfect that doesn't get old 
  


I feel like this two day school week will be very productive. 


This is going to be a great Christmas, Ha NOT (: 


Oh yeah i can totally understand how people can say BMJ is better than scandal after one episode.  


 Have you ever seen pictures of a Black Santa or a Brown Jesus?  No, you haven't.  There's your proof.  


Hahahahaha and then we had a surprise quiz, today is glorious 


BMO Harris Bank has an Online Banking webpage where you CAN'T LOG IN.  Real smart    is definitely skating weather outside    


I cant wait for all of the Happy New Year stories on snapchat! 


So there is something worse than shitmas adverts!! An advert for an arsenal game in the champions league!! Zzzz can't wait. 


 I am more offended by that campaigns objectification of wholesome college men into sex trophies for women to prey on. 


 to be fair brad has to drag his morphine drip, cafeter and zimmerframe when he closes down players 


I love that record warmth we were supposed to get here in  lol. 


 so true. Well, they are America's team!  UGH!!! 


I have managed to block my phone! :( Well done Danielle! 


Wooh! Let's get this fucked up week started!!..    


Only in the South would they dedicate so many isles in Walmart to Duck Dynasty. I now can only IMAGINE what that show is about 


Goin to bed...thanks for listening to me tho 


  Because this is how you take care of customers.    pages of risk factors is pretty reassuring   


Nebraska's Armstrong just showed the obvious: SEC is gonna have a hard time keeping up with Big Ten speed today. 


 im shocked this is the only one you remember 


 Ugh, and I *hate* it when you tweet stuff like that! Omg!... 


Love it when internet start playing with me and make me delay my work... ^^ 


  Why don't you shut up muirsy. Garrett is a legend! 


Lovely way to end this year and start the new year!  


" You know you have a problem when you find a popcorn kernel in your bra.  ... best way fo 2 ppl to share popcorn 


 Rahul should search for another profession, and if he really think good about country, he's doing his best ;-)  


Awesome.  " Schwartz said Lions did not sign anyone after today's kicker workout"


My new years will be sitting in my grandma's basement making sure my dog doesn't pee on the carpet.  


wow! its nights likes these where I am glad to have amazing friends 


  You're right. The world should stop for Mandela and nothing else should be spoken about.  


Here's to originality!! I've only seen that tweet a hundred times!!  -S


Congratulations on the new baby it's going to be beautiful 


Got a foot of snow on the ground and the sub-zero air is approaching  


Oh shit I didn't hashtag  on that last tweet or  I'm fucked 


 All these twitter coaches need a chance to coach a real game! I bet they would get a W! 

You're on a roll today! 


What a beautifully nice thing you just said to me. 
 


3 days of being snowed in=1,000,000 texts, stories, snapchats, and pictures sent to the boyfriend   


I am heading beach medical centre again for tube removal.I hope mee bandung on my menu!  


 and your sooooo perfect   bothering me all the time  


my boyfriend rather play black ops than talk to me! 
 


Listen to her radiate her magic ...even though she knows she's misunderstood...      


My "I have to do it myself" mentality has served me so well.




   yea sure lets pay since weve been getting in a lot of practice for it. 


Victoria secret Christmas show? What an excellent way to celebrate Christmas.  I'm sure the man upstairs would be happy...... 


What?  Obama against the undocumented?  Shocking, right?   is terrible, Yep should fix it by shuffling lines   


 So glad none of my friends came to watch me in The Nutcracker.  I did!!!!! Mom made us leave without talking to you


The NFL should really consider that extra  in each conf.  Would love to see 7-9 or worse teams travel to play a 2 seed.  


Thank you for believing people who don't even know me about something I never said. Good to know what friendship means. 


No its fine, I wasn't using that water to shower or anything 


 Yeah, how bad would it be if we were to actually have to talk to people? Or have a conversation with someone. Lol. 


  Protip: Wish atheists would become religious?Tell them you wish they were dead. That'll convince them! 


 I have thought about doing what some other people do: Adding  to every tweet.


I didn't give up. I moved on.    


 right. Surely Renee &amp; Renate could top Dolly &amp; Rogers?!  


I missed my 4.0 for the second semester in a row because of one class. Life isn't fair...   to wait and run in my neighborhood  


   welcome to the lovely town of Preston  have a good weekend here :)


  are you suggesting Mark Streit isn't the answer? 


 no.. i'm just a PLUR'd out e-tard who loves the night life &amp;black lights. 


Terrible day today :/.  I got NOTHING done. I'll make up for it tomorrow by hopefully posting two reviews...I love tornadoes btw 


I don't know about you but I just love talking about STDs 


Love it when my 5pm train comes at 5.35pm. Extra bonding time with extra smelly people at the platform   


I love when a convo ends with me responding to what's up. 


  yea that KC and DEN game was a real snoozer  


So glad I have a snuggie. Before I couldn't ever hold a baby or talk on the phone with something so complicated as a blanket. 


I love when restaurants ask "just you?"   Next tine I'll bring my imaginary boyfriend :)


Nope, they're definitely not being adorable. Nope.     in a new library cubby today, because I like to live dangerously.   


 "I hate being late, but I'm so good at it."


I just love the Monday/Tuesday before Christmas. It's like two extra weekend days! 


 means, having the ability to insult stupid poeple with out them realizing it.


    if its in Arabic then its fine. So long as they dont say the same in English.. 


GRE and VS fashion show all in one day?  


Random texts from you are so nice.  haha  Depressed because of you damn it. huhu


So glad I got onto twitter so I could see all this intellectual dialogue. 


Hopefully, those greedy capitalists will offer better deals tomorrow.  


 change-over on 10/1 is happening on a Tues. night. That won't be disruptive at all!!  


Now for the 'armchair' coaches to tell us all how they would have won the game. Do tell.  


LolRT  Cyrus and his husband have a tiny ass bed! What is it, a twin? And they have a great relationship.




 why couldn't they come to blows with Urban Meyer? Someone needs to.  


"With great  comes great  bill" 



 Didn't his approval go up? People are okay with a Mayor on crack. At least it wasn't a dick pic. Am I right people? 


Oh, I texted you about having a crappy day and you read it and didn't respond? Of course I didn't wanna talk about it!  


Palmer and Reece Davis look thrilled over on espn2. 


So again no  actors at  - what a surprise!  Why do I even bother with the PCAs....should have known better


Just the sexies doctors will wake up early tomorrow :3 and only for run and do sport :D 


I need cairo zoom to post of picture of me soon or my self esteem won't survive   


It's not like he was heading anywhere important either. Probably just going to the donut shop. 


Social media arguments are hilarious. Is it just me or are people just that smart? 


 i disagree, you're is totally the hardest word apparently, or was that your :S 


I just love hearing people complain about what they get not being exactly what they wanted because thats what today is about right? 


Don't worry I've been laying in bed since 530..  


  It's because people prefer better music, like Lil Wayne and Miley Cyrus. 


Yes, please continue to brag about your First Class experiences to people who can barely afford to fly in Coach.  


Aaaaannd a penalty from Fisher just to sweeten the deal!  


As if you needed another reason to buy this for Christmas...bonus!   pretend to be someone you're not?  


I paid  Airlines $85 to NOT have access to my 3 checked bags for 2 days and counting. Now that's customer service.  


Cute mirror selfie + it makes it even cuter that you pulled your shirt up to show a little hip   


Haha I can already tell this is gonna be a GREAT Christmas 


woke up sick and sore today. wut   


I wonder if my micro professor coulda made that exam any harder  


" So, I just got chased down the road by two drunk men...That's always fun isn't it? /:    Pele 


 haha, makes sense though. We've just won away, won 3 out of the last 4. Doing better than promotion season,sack him! 


When did powerlifting become such a fad? Like wow you are sooo cool I wish I could that!  


Idk guys, I don't think this burrito is big enough to fill me up.       in the morning! The mood just improves 


I got: The Vamps
Fan: IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION?OFC I AM
Seen live: no. *sobs*
Meet: NOOO :'( *sobs harder*
Following: Naah 
RT FOR 1


 yeah, who would want security in knowing they have health insurance? 


12 years a slave was a great movie! I only wish I wouldve known what the other audience members where thinking  


Really guys???? Thank you so much for giving us Diana... I haven't heard it before... 


 DAMN! I think you should have bought more! Lmao 


Yay, band members texting while the rest of the band plays. So excited!!!! 


  The Holy Trinity reunites soon. Nobody has fun when we are together except the three of us.   


Today is an awesome day for our furnace to act up again    


Well, the new join process starts at 1400 today. Can't wait for my first brief at camp Lejeune! 


 wow I just come back from school and I get feels yay. 


I sure have missed  pestering   


I love when my math prof assigns us homework that she hasn't at all taught us how to do  


 Really creator status should work just fine, unless you have control issues...  


Buy buy buy... Futures rally as equity closed on a flat day. This must be the pre Black Friday sale. Don't miss the deal! 


Watching Downton at 5:30 am because my 9 month old refuses to sleep. Great start to a snow day/day off  


 sir, no more introspection..great victory for congress in mizoram. RG effect? 


Coworker: I wish pterodactyls were still aliveMe: Ah yes, how much joy a carnivorous flying dinosaur would bring... 


I knew I could count on the  to beat the stupid ducks.  


Because we never get brats and cheese curds in Green Bay.  ( The Brat Stop)   -- does WordPerfect have track changes? 


I love when people don't text me back but are on social media. Its so great. 


I never knew humans had this much emotion        Oilers Potter has a phone hearing this afternoon. Noooooo! Not Pottsy! How will the  compete with out him?! 


  hahah yeah kids are his thing to a woman's heart so I'm not bugged at all 


I just love changing 1000 price inserts and plannograms 2weeks after the last time I did it :):)  


AAAAAHHHHH man, this night's getting better and better 


"You've changed" Um, No, I think the proper term is "I've stopped trying to please your ass." 


walked outside and got. hit with a Brick straight to the face  


"  I'm playing wingman for my friend tonight kinda lol" sounds fun! 


Yep that's right. John 3:16 is definitely relevant to football. Bible verses and field goals so go together  


 Yup, coloured tatoos are the top priority for our country, since everything else is under control.  


making fun of someone who cuts themselves is so funny, you're not an asshole at all ....   


Nice to see  next to the Disney store on TV. Very wholesome.  


Last night home and let the fun start again   


Leaving Myrtle Beach and driving 8 hours back to Stephens City. Fun. 


Great! Another Samuel L Jackson capital one commercial. I "love" those.  


It makes my day to hear we fucking left something on at work Sunday night!!! It's great to know I have coworkers I can count on! 


//dear people from america. Thanks for spoil me. Thanks for lettin me know that hershel died 


Detroit Lions could not of asked for better refs! 


  really super positive?  Respect super personality.  I'm sure I could think of more. 


Special Weather Statement for Davidson. Sounds fun...  Stay safe Nashville!  a big thanks to all you who've tagged me!     to look at paint samples for my new bedroom, bathroom &amp; media room!!! Oh joy  


 hmmm...wonder who's job it is to get these guys mentally ready for the game?... 


 wait they are not the same thing?  


Such a great feeling to get s scab ripped off in the middle of the "$5 Bill" workout.  


Nothing like the fresh smell of marijuana in the hallway in the morning to perk you up. 


This pouring down rain and constant wind make me wanna get up and get going.   


. ok I can see that. I mean it's human nature to bite the hand that feeds u right.  


thank you VU staff for your help.  this school is full of trash.


  Problem is Drug smugglers like ALL  know it as  &amp; only sign up for  


That amazing feeling when glass goes through your foot in echos -_-  


Aaaaaand  continues to have the best redzone offense in the nation  


Well there you go Detroit, that's how you do it. 


I got 2 hours of sleep. Not complaining. I know some people didn't get to sleep at all last night. Blessed? 


wowww... i see that you don't care at all.. such a beautiful manner.....  


   I know that you mong! Was wondering why you sidestepped his other achievement. 


 I am unfortunately. I don't have control of the remote. ;-( You're missing yourself being in Iceland. 


Marry the Pussy is the greatest song of our generation . R KELLY IS A GENIUS   


These marketing people are getting tricky  


Porto's group was the easiest? .... Yeah, of course, Zenit &amp; Atletico are terrible, absolutely. 


 Oh that's SO AWFUL.  Those nasty men should be suspended! 


Oh how I love paying for my kaplan exams for the end of the semester. So my favorite thing to do.... 


Monday morning awesome: watching a toddler vomit upon herself and her mother on the seat directly opposite you on the subway.  


Now you're laughing at my problems? Thanks.  


70k in FIFA 14 Ultimate team packs and best pulls were Nasri and Hernanes. Thanks Fifa! 


It always inspires confidence when you're not allowed to board your  because it's experiencing mechanical issues.  


What is it with whistleblowers committing suicide? 


 good thing Wallace is on revis island, cause  sucks   somebody!!!! Go Bucs!!!!!!!


Must be nice to be playing football in Green Bay right now.  


Gotta love the way the Christmas season brings out the best in people 


  ah yes, classic that. I'm always doing that, me.



 You don't say!? You mean we're never going to see close to what they said we would? I'm shocked! 


  iPhones come up with them typos sometimes! 


Photo: Foolish requests get an appropriate response. :)       I will need an IV drip of caffeine to stay awake... what's that you say? Overtime today? Hooray! 


Nice headline.  RT  SNL has hired a black woman as its newest cast addition:  Daley is gay?? would never have guessed..... 


Aww he did it to draw a penalty I feel bad that everyone is making him feel like shit for saying it... 


Okay, new rules, no sarcasm without the  hashtag! You're messing me up!


But hey...thumbs up for the creativity bro. 


  No doubt due to relentless PR efforts on part of RK. 


I love how we have classes and an enormous amount of projects, papers and tests this week when every other college has dead week. 


Can BC still play in the national champ. game? Fingers crossed  


Well that's just what this night needed. Fearne Cotton.  


 S/o to  for saying he would make passionate love to Frank Sinatra  good choice Reno  yupp all night 


Yay so excited to see all the "Turnt up!" And im getting hammered tweets tomorrow night  


I might teach Virgil a little violence 
 



 lost a defensive coach? Excuse me while I panic. 


"Forget your balls and grow a pair of tits!"~  on absurd expectations for women     Christmas to me. I get to work a 7 hour shift tomorrow. Yay. 


. sure does cheer more when the  Jazz play the Bulls. I cant figure out why.  


 Get better soon you cunt! &lt;thanks &amp;Nearly died u cunt but thanks for the concern if there was any in that somewhere 


Don't you just love when your parents fight? Cause I do!!  


Apparently some GPs aren't worth their 120kpa. Who knew?   


My goodness the people at  must love their job.  smh jerks.


Whew..Eli interception..I was worried things were changing for a moment  sigh


I can't wait to go shoe shopping! I am super picky about high heels, so this is going to be a blast! 


I have so many people texting me right now I can't even handle it.. 



 yea vice versa, my boyfriend can't even cook me breakfast. 




Only in  
4 girls went to a restaurant 
Waiter: bet7ebo jeblkon l menu wala bsawerkon Abel.



No water at my house so it's just me and my pumpkin spice       glad we don't have reading day.  I totally couldn't have used an extra day to study for my 8 AM topology final  


Please refresh my memory how cold is it in Green Bay right now? 


FSU's going to end up winning this game. Yay. 


I LOVE that teachers gave us homework over break yet when we come back&amp;ask if stuff was corrected they say no it was break... 


Don't you all love people who don't text back 


I am literally so sick of hot pockets. I'm now moving to Ramon noodles. It's always the best 


Getting crashed for Vlegs - this is a sad day :c Some people are really lovely on this game 


cross country tomorrow cant wait!!!!!!!

-please note 


Lol so I have to work new years eve &amp; new years day... &amp; when I get home from work tony &amp; trenit are both gonna be gone...  


I'm really glad everyone I dance with got their picture in the paper except for me. I really love it there. 


We fe nas masda2t el7 :') we that really makes me feel special awii  


And THANKS to those who felt the need to vomit the details all over twitter before the rest of the world had a chance to view. 


Sometimes I sabotage my own life because I love feeling miserable. 


Ahhhh, finally time to study for this 'big test'  


 is working again! Look I have 345  updates!! 


 that isnt a foul man, that is solid defense 


Sassy, sarcastic tees and gifts available from Superstarbing Designs:    


Thanks Target for having half-price bags of mini Twix. Empty wrappers scattered all over my apartment.   


Dont get the Jamaal Charles hype he only has 20 rushing yards 


Nothing beats dumping a cooler on a coach that went 7-6 and won the    


Newydd ddeall fy mod wedi bod yn gwylio 'the carnivore edition'. Popeth yn gwneud synnwyr rwan  


Hey deer. Thanks for the wide variety guys. I have never seen more deer in my life. 


 yeah my purpose was to show off how smart I was and not how unfunny he was ur completely right 


 OMG like totes sorry. 

THANKS!!!!    


  don't you know...she doesn't have sources. She makes her stuff up 


 Hey, hey, hey!!!  She's the PRIDE of Long Island. 


. I'm thrilled to have been a part of that experience, and this photo. 


Is it another  Pls let it b  one thing I need in my life is  
Big PS4 Announcements Tonight  "No, it's okay, none of us wanted fruit" 


  Haha no no, I'm just having a wee dig at Ben now! ;)  


 This means every Indian citizen was BPL in 2004. 100% poverty. Im so delighted im not poor anymore.   .


 On the heels of treacherous Wake Forest-Syracuse back-to-back. How can  bear up under huge challenge like that? 


 &amp;  thanks for making your  mobile more difficult than the  defense!  


 glad this ranks with other "international incidents" in your "news", good investigative reporting! 


 no I don't wanna do anything tonight thanks for everyone that asked. 


My mom thinks I'm druggie now. Like yes Mom, I'm injecting Marijuana between my toes and sacrificing animals in the glory of Satan. 


  Don't you just love "Rebelle" instead of "Rebel"? Those two extra letters are so classy.  


  That undersoil heating's doing a good job then 


 I think you need more hashtags in this post 


New  :            body better go stock up on bread and milk. It's gonna get below freezing in GA.       Not sure if that's  but I forgot about him. 


 Yeah cool.  :-P LoL  Hitting back two tweets before!


(2/2) is "working with the [Egyptian] interim government to encourage an inclusive democratic transition."  


We need 10 versions of every card and  is making that happen! 


I  waiting for first frustrated  fan to say "put in Flynn" 


 you really got me back there... really well done son. 


You may have realised my last tweet contained more 


 A big round of applause for the girls that wear heels to a park party   but they be cute though


I'm going through 50 shades of I don't give a shit  


It's a good thing global warming exist so it's not too cold out tonight   love how the last 20 seconds of the game were filled with players fiddling around. Great effort.  


Minnesota really did the job against cincy today.  


It's been great being able to bowl in tournaments over break!!! THANK YOU HIGH SCHOOL BOWLING!!!  


 like how shanny tan his presser like a boss! .


  "We are now without a ruling class" - oh no, whatever shall we do?! 


God I feel achy-thank god I've got two hours of kickboxing too sort me out 


  Much warmer now &amp; sometimes intermittent internet hits dial-up speeds! So, yay!    fans are acting so surprised lol I'm here like jaja wow shocker!  


At least I've been productive on this break from school. 


Tom Brady showing his athleticism after that fumble 


I love play therapist I give the best advice to people 


 Howard , going to be hard to not sound like a clueless git after this current guest. 


Please move to Japan, complain about how everything is "backwards" and "wrong" and how America does everything better. 


crazy Monday ahead full of meetings &amp; orders to fill &amp; just found out my assistant can't come in. Oh boyswers, it's going to be fun 


 I cant help it that everyone is in love with me. I just have the most dazzling personality and good looks.  


Asking my mom's black friend from Alabama for tweaking lessons! Hahaha  


Tried to make it through a full work day but the managers sent me home sick. Dang, this really sucks.   


Love how selfish and selfcentred some people can be   


God I love shovelling the drive way before work 


 absolutely God awful Ashley. Literally the worst service I've ever had. You should really evaluate your career path. 


Nothing better than turning the tv on to this!   beats getting home at 440 in the morning from a long roadie &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;   


Big up to  for a stellar service 43 through Dudley over 2013. I love being 15min+ late for everything  


Board games are not meant for  unless they involve  and  Monopoly = poor life choice


I love going to Mercato and look at the happy couples, while I enjoy my cupcake with Filip to accompany me :) 


   sorry my bad just let me go tell my mom we are moving to a place with great service 


My legs and ass are so sore from the gym. I can't wait to see how they'll feel in the morning 


 aur agar age galat huyi to "bigg boss khud batayenge" lol! n Salman offering her job was  pagal log hai Gaushals


I don't know why, but I get the feeling  is listening the the radio...  


 ha-ha-ha i just saw this tweet.. wtf... it was like freaking -20 


Nothing worse than getting a "you suck" text from a meathead 


My furniture payment is paid, now I need to pay my best buy bill... I just love bills ! 


I love how the head coaches on  cover their mouths when talking into the headset they don't have.   


WHAT?!? WE HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW?!? Thank god everyone made an unoriginal tweet about it, otherwise I would've had no idea! 


 Nice effort to try and save a potential customer 


I just love how a few of my friends are horrible to my face and behind my back  


I just absolutely love being ignored. It's the best. 


I love parties where I don't know anyone and don't speak the language...   


 has she landed yet? At least  picked up a lot of new followers 


I love when girls take "fierce" or "serious" face pictures, it makes you look so good.  


Captivity seems to be working well for the Panda...
   rapping career is about to take off.    love it when politics come into making cuts. 


Lets play how rude can i be until u realize i dont like u        


 don't har-har me though...like seriously that's my 'WORD'  x (just incase yu dint detect it)


 Josh McCown's December record is 4-10. Why isn't the mean ol' media talking about that?  HAHA


Look, I forgot what I was gonna say but this is Twitter so obviously its important.   


I'm glad i was on the phone with justin for FIVE WHOLE MINUTES. 


The new social revolution will be in the cloud, because our physical bodies and geography is pointless today  


yes... i love being ignored by  so funny. you should try it too.



No babe I'm not ignoring you! I'm sorry I've just been really busy...that and I  hate you.    


Not that Im bitter with all these re tweets or anything 


Cong should plan raids of income tax, enforcement and govt reps on non-cong winning candidates and fix them by morning.  


Sure am glad that  loaned out Romelu Lukaku.   He obviously isn't ready to play in the Premier League...    


Of course: go away from Lasike in the red zone. Yup, that makes sense.   


S/O to  for unfollowing me then following me back, I feel so loved! 


Welllllll I have been ditched by everyone   


So glad New Years is well planned and organized this year :D 


My god, why is everyone so nice now a days. 


It's amazing how articulate the  players are making their case to be in the title game. Grammar &amp; logic: impeccable. 


I would like to thank my dogs for constantly barking right outside my window. 


Rob Ford, the most persecuted man in history.  


Urm is it ok if I pack my bed in my bag just that I feel rather tired ?? Urg school  


 Obviously if he was given any more time he'd become complacent and just coast. 


 oh you're right! Because white people are the only people worth seeing on screen  


G'Morning to you 2 Men's Rights peeps. Glad 2 see you've adapted TTC vandalization as your latest tactic.   are such pussies. I'm so glad the NFL protects them so much. 


You totally got what you wanted tho. Cant you just tell how extremely happy I am? 


Back to work after a nice Thanksgiving and hockey trip to Michigan. Can't wait to see how many emails are in my Inbox! 


Aww...  isn't interested in us tonight. Boo.  


 I hate it when that happens    ;O)


Sometimes people appear on my TL and I look forward to my tax dollars supporting them and their delinquent children. 


To those who probably didn't even know who Nelson Mandela was until today, thank you for quoting him as if you did. 


So excited for when all my relatives ask me how school is going   


I love when my online math lab won't let me access my homework that's due tonight  


 Noooo, no you're not!! You dont say?! Really?! Wow?!   


Ohh cool. I'm having a conversation with myself 


letak la ram sampai 5GB ke,bateri sampai 5000mAh sekali ke tp pre-installed software yg x berguna banyak macam haram baik x payah. 


 But they worked so hard on putting all of it together! 

I guess they're banking on lazy people.


Piss me off and then don't txt me...that makes me less pissed thank you 


Wifes looking forward to Harry Potter later
 



Philbin has the  ready to play tonight!  Let's go 


Well RT  Yea, because Macklemore is better than Kendrick Lamar. 


 He keeps checking "white" in the race box when he gets into trouble....


Mack Brown is retiring. Talk about out of nowhere! Where was the media on this? 


Looking forward to Part 2 of my English exam today. 160 Vocabulary Words!!! 


Oh no guys, it's just cold we can add more clothes! Good thing it's not summer where we can only take off so much! 


 but I enjoy going threw  the roof when ye go over a ramp 


 Are  fans displeased with that PI call? I can't tell...  worst call I've ever seen 


Clients are already bringing in the jolly ole' spirit of Christmas 


Fake ID Car thief leader name sound Chinese.. So now Chinese can't complain tht fake IDs r only given to Indonesians n Pakistanis. 


My phone is blowing up from these 0 messages 


sore yang random ketika pengen pergi ke kawasan industri malah nyasar ke lapas, thanks road sign you're very helpful 


    "Good design is as little design as possible." &gt;&gt;  hey, looks like YouTube's getting better.    and more dynamic plays!" well for the moment we are the  in passing game,good dynamic ehh 


I'm so glad twitter told me it's December tomorrow!



My view sucked today      yes dad, I'll clean out the dog kennel. That's exactly what I wanted to do today!  


Missing 10 players, backup goalie, played last night, and up 5-2. Pretty impressive. Too bad we didn't fire bylzma.  


Way to break your "best friend's" heart. THANK YOU. Perfect timing. 


Saw Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes sequel last night. Moffat and Gatiss must've been plopping their pants when that came out 


Christ it was so hard working this one day week   why can't EVERY week be like this one?!


Watching  and I have a good feeling they find him tonight. He is definitely in Montana, I know it  


.  I love    Phone support has been friendly. Hold times are unacceptable.  wish my girl would buy a fake Christmas tree. 


 Yeah I guess winning only a Jack Adams in like 1980 classifies you as a good coach 


Well sat home by myself all night. Without talking to basically anyone. What an exciting night 


 Carling cup tickets 45. Good to see our loyalty being repaid. 


   pretty sure my  mind is already gone.  


I'm running late, I look like I'm homeless, and I'm going to fail my art final...HAPPY FREAKIN MONDAY!   


Urgh  line out the door cant wait till all this medicare and centrelink jazz is crammed into post offices  


 absolutely. Im hungry!  My butt is wet! Give me your boobs! I'm tired! Who are you?!
 


Home visits in this weather. Having so much fun I think I may burst   


Sweet just what I wanted to be stressing about all night!!! Yay!!! 


Waking up at 10:30 tomorrow will be so difficult. 


This calculus lecture is going to be so much fun I can't wait!!! 


Well, I'm sorry I didn't lay myself on the ground, to create a human bridge, to protect your sacred royal self from the puddle. 


Brilliant reporting on cycle safety   Almost as good as this   


Maybe I could be more of an awkward person cause that would probably help 


Mutual unfollow. Well thank goodness we're over that part of our lives. I was getting sick of the modesty. 


 totally fine that you don't know my twitter name. 


Nearly choked on a cup of tea... I can already tell this day is goin to be great!! 


I Absolutely LOVE to write legal documents all night long 


On the bright side, I get to go to work tomorrow, I don't have any more football to watch til next Fall, and winter just began!  


 Christians are fired for answering a question about their opinion during an interview. I really love this country. 


Why thankyou fate, that was EXACTLY who I wanted to see today  


Oh not - the  are no longer looking to trade Bautista  are screwed 


 hah all good. Probably just startled by my impressive red rig.  


    I know, it was  to get it going again ;-)


 they couldn't possibly have lied... 1C peeps were so much more trustworthy!   


Yes! My phone just died.. It's over... The end...Thanks, Brilliant! 


What horrible stats!  RT  303 points for Claude Giroux in 353 career games. 


That certainly wasnt the creepiest thing to say ever... 


 You make $1Billion in sales w/ free  idea of Doritos tacos &amp; give $1,000 after his death? Well that's fair 


Wishing to all that I know or not even know ! Hahaha lol      !


One thing that concerns me is the Bucs won't know how to practice... They won't have to toe the line... 


Nice of  to give some recognition to the  Lads racing in Oz  Quick enough to take our money!!!!


  LMAOO! With dassuu! OF COURSE(!) WHO wouldn't be!! 


My favorite kind of people: The ones who skip the last day of class.  


So I asked mum for chocolate ice-cream and she comes back with straciatella  ... 


  Are you telling me a that friend on Facebook is not the same as a friend in real life?!  


Wait. I am confused. I thought Malzahn was leaving? Now it's back to Saban? Oh vey my head. 


I hope Senator Rand Paul asks Janet Yellen what she thinks about Bitcoin. 


NO!!!!! Not Coach Reed!!!!!  Who will the players turn to for great coaching on the field now???? 


The Victoria Secret fashion show reminds me of how much I love my body. 


Del Rio wants heel heat? Cut a promo on The British Bulldog.  


YES I LOVE MORNING PRACTICE!!! I totally didn't just get home 10 minutes ago and I'm totally not waking up in 1hr and 45 minutes 


So glad online gambling is expanding in NJ today, because gambling always results in increased economic prosperity and lower crime. 


Those halftime adjustments that the Tigers made were spot on. 


  ohhh your gonna love what we're doing in accounting!! 


 If it was MY Corvette, I'd shoot him too.  


Not feeling so sorry for Hafeez. Not like he scores centuries.  


The offensive line and excellent play calling do well to halt any momentum for  offense because who needs that 


 Tonight I was contacted by a ghost. I opened an email from  .
Via    


I just love early morning tutor . It's just the best .


Go ahead and say the refs got that call wrong too 


How many "properties" do you think Ku Nan has? 


I figured out a solution to get to sleep, pound a bunch of shots quickly  


Black Friday, I thank you for the ever changing retail business and keeping family traditions important! 


I feel like shit and I can't stop sneezing.  


Did she make your heart beat faster than i could? Did she give you what for?
Daughter before bed, what a good choice.
 


when i need you most , your no where to be found. ooh , what a surprise. 


Let's get going.... 8 hours in counting yeah boi 


Not even my dad wished me congratulations on passing my test today...woohoo 


 and I was said that because you said pound fool ass  duh use it


I'm so glad the teacher covered 3 chapters in class today. Now I get to read them all before the test Wednesday.   


Also watched BLACKFISH. Is that the feel-good movie of the year or what? 


I'm soooo glad school is out for a few weeks so I can work 60 hours a week and feel like I wanna die everyday. 


The  game looked like the return of "The Greatest Show on Turf" was Marshall Faulk out there today?  


Well isn't my family a load of fun    


 It's great because all the surf is on the coral reefs called bone crusher, slicer and things like that. 


Happy New Year? Futures are lower. What the heck? Didn't 2014 get the memo about stocks only going up?  It's good to be back.


Wow, you're so ORIGINAL. I mean seriously, how do YOU come up with these ideas??? 


If you were to walk into my family's thanksgiving right now, the only appropriate question would be, "Did someone die?"  


 thanks for pulling Star Trek:TNG off your service without warning. Glad I only got to watch 3.5 seasons. 


Now to start another year over again. Yey cant wait.    how much bad can The Governor do? He's all alone. 


FIFA are conspiring against Liverpool in an attempt to drive Luis Suarez out of England. :| 



 Rooting for the Gators  is this what you look like?  


 So you're a tea party-loving, global warming-denying, Muslim-hating, free market anti-abortionist. Did not pick that. 


Ouch... U just poked my eye out !!!  Lol  

 Hello from the bath tub 

'  the bars in Waco stocked up for tonight's celebration..oh wait baptists don't drink..hahahaha 


Ouch because your tweets really hurt my feelings. 


I'll be waiting for the Izzo coaching critiques. Beat by 15 at home ranked  with all that talent. Has to be coaching right? 


 why does MLB announce their awards so quickly? They should string it out over a few months. That would be exciting. 


 the standard of driving down this way is awesome 


I can't wait 'till this breakoh wait. I have to complete a 45 minute presentation over break. Thanks for the heads up, Doc! 


Almost home...Thanks physics final! I loved having an exam from 8 to 9:45 tonight 


Yay o get to stay home sick and watch TV all day n night! 


i love that cute little thing you do where you ignore me for days. its adorable! 


The children's smoking lounge is around the corner.       this was the perfect week to get sick again...    Jealous I could not be a part of that conversation 


When did playing music on speaker on the train become cool 


You BETTER be optimistic about 2014...you haven't had a chance to mess it up yet. 


...now a trash ejection (of one of your bigger indiv. talent draws - B.Griffin) during yr marquee matchup. Good job  good job 


I love that I have to go half way across the fucking world to tan now  


 lol. U know after following u for 1+ year, I still can't figure out your political affiliation! Always full of  ;)


Welcome back my old friend Mr. Snow...oh how I've missed you! 


 Great use of the English language there Will...... 


So the bad ending for Farcry 3 is boobies, thanks for not objectifing women ubisoft 


So glad I have such great friends as  and  _kaitlyndanielleeee to pick on me     wow this is great news for Stephen Jones and the entire Cowboys organization 


 airing the national dog show from 7:00 to 9:00pm CST on a Saturday night.....30 sec commercials are going for millions. 


Optimizing memory usage is really lots of fun. 


 lmao no  BUUUT I read this before every game.    you heard the new sensation sweeping the nation?  Wearing leggings in winter weather is cool 


Finally, you too can escape the friend-zone with this great (gender-neutral) guide!   


Open your mouth and lick your lips at me one more time. because that is what would make me want you   


 Three Israeli army vehicles stolen in occupied West Bank  via  &lt;Liberated? 


Awwwww Lebrons ankle looked like it was bothering him all game 


Supreme Court of India, thanks for making love illegal. Real mature.   


Ok, we have St Louis juuuuuust where we want them....   


Writing  paper on chromosome 7... Yay.   


7-10 research paper, 7 sections of stats, and note sheet all due tomorrow? can't wait! 


It's always nice to go to school on Saturdays.     


Boy, sure seems like the  gave Chud a fair chance. 


Hey, can someone tell me what happened with Peyton's MRI? I just can't seem to find news of it anywhere. 


  But by all means, continue to foster hate and fear. That will really help. 


 thanks so much for putting all the ps4 error codes up on the ps4 support site 


HOW DARE the refs make a bad call that benefits someone other than the patriots!!!   


So Futane gets a 10 minute misconduct yet, the guy who barrelled into the ref gets only 2.   


Don't you just love when your whole essay deletes? 


 Never thought Norwegian was so complicated :P :P :P 


So glad I got rid of Paulinho from off of my fantasy team! 


Gettin a little nervous. Havent heard from repair shop. Need my car back so I can get street salt on new paint job 


It's actually really great when someone intentionally ignores you. You could ask me all about it. 


 had chance for field passes. Had to be at  by 10. Train 15 minutes late. Standing in the cold until 11. Thanks 


 Yep people jump all over ya for such horrible life altering mistakes 


it's so smart to listen to wop before a final 


    I guess we are all far too busy developing eating disorders to need food. 


Thank you teachers for only giving homework on game days... You make my life so much easier. 


Who could have imagined that his actions wouldn't match his rhetoric?  RT   you mean that you don't like his elite floaters?! 


But then i called her supervisor and got on with a smirk.     


 come on Mack BROWN is available, see the connection Brown&gt;Browns, can't miss 


Twelcome              / 


My new job is great and I love waking up at 5am to sit at a desk for 8 hours. 


 I was joking.  I'm trying to mock those who always jump to lawfare talk when they get their feelings hurt online.


Woke up to Christmas music...it's December...  


  At least we can watch the Cubs in the summer.  


Nothing's better than being up at 6:30 in the morning on a Saturday.  


The principal video on  ws bang on, it sums up the whole season. But result ko nai chaidna chye tha   


 You have to it's your last mass in our perfect school it's so important xx 


  PJ Tucker missing 3ft jumpers is making happy! 


Can't wait to see everyone from high school at the bar tonight! 


It's a good thing I don't have to pee of anything.   


 // Ooooh. You should have been me two days ago ._. now that day...


White cars are hard to keep clean? Who knew?  


 Good Food and Nasty girls. What's better? 


Pin your world cup hopes on this guy! World class baller   said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You should go ahead and hide your assets...they are gonna look like this for ever after all... 


Evidently Greek yogurt occurs in nature and in enough quantities that  can mass market it in their little plastic cups. 


  I'm sure it's because we're all so excited about going back to work/school tomorrow! 


If only campus allowed alcohol, I would take a shot after each of my finals today 


Totally looking forward to a speed workout in arctic temps tonight.  


  Yeah, the NFL is clearly biased for the Browns and ginger weeden.   


Looking forward to seeing the hobbit tonight. I hear there's a Dragon in it 


4 exams is one week!! Baby have u forgot that this is medschool    


I love being wide awake at 3:30am.. Thanks stuffy nose and sore throat :)  


what am i doing right now? looking at my facebook friendships  


I *sure*  this movie won't contain demeaning "jokes" about patients who utilize those services. 


I guess if you don't do what the police wants they have the right to bust in your windows and shoot at your car. 


 I LOVE how Reminders interrupt my VOD rental and kick me out of the VOD service entirely!  


 Hmm. Christmas time tends to bring out the best in people 


On that note, anyone wanna buy a raffle ticket for $5? U could win a nuge jersey and I heard the oilers were really good this year 


 Geez don't everyone text me at once  maybe if you replied to texts people would actually hit you up


 Is it just me who isn't sympathetic to people who have accidents when doing dangerous things like skiing? YOU BASTARD 


Lets not look into why these may be the case, nope!  RT   woke up and my eyes feel all sore and they're blurry oh yay. 


 - too bad  didn't have someone on the sidelines interview him immediately afterwards and ask that question. 


 if the pundits say it.  It must be true.   Unless of course if it's   


 Thanks for skipping the Cal Poly Float so we could see more of  !  You guys rock! 


Don't worry about perfection. You can never achieve it. 


That team down South actually starting to play competition and finding themselves in trouble.   


Glad to see you are sneaking back in there    


 the rational answer is to ban all firearms, of course. 


Yay for being a constant disappointment to your parents 


 Hey thanks Adam great reporting as usual  


Hold the front page............ Bono has arrived!  


I think ill just live tweet the entire Eagles Cowboys game. Because sooooo many people care....  


Wow and yet another thing goes the way I wanted 


 what do you mean 1 minute and 49 secs of normal time not early enough   


4. no I have a boyfriend but I've never kissed him   


I love how I always accidentally pour way too much milk in my cereal 


 you sir are the greatest comedian of all time. 


Just so you know, that go ahead miracle touchdown is meaningless, because the game was over a long time ago. Fire Capers. 


Hey mom, thanks for all that positivity, you always understand 


Max props to my boyish good looks and the staff at the Filmworks for knocking over a decade off my age.  


Yay. After two weeks off I get to go back to my job. Hooray.  


Nobody loves the taste of Sharpie on a burrito like I do.  thanks  !!!!   So... do you like Caverna!?  // nice recap of your Sasquatch experience :)


I hate the new  comment System so much, I better share it on Google+. 


Need to find the qualification of an Expert.  Expert recruiter, QB Expert, Off Expert.  I feel like I'm right there 


Happy new year! Its so good to know that you all will be changing into better people! 


Lol you made my night so much better I was haveing a good one until now so thanks...     


I love people who make the effort and keep to what they say 


The "air ball" chant is so clever from the Cameron Crazies. I know see why people hate playing there.  


I mean, you have to listen to them!! 


No way,  win in OT with a field goal? Let's act like they've never done that before   


   You think i want them to be banned..? 


Thanks for nothing McDavid... shit ass attempt after doing nothing for an hour... great coaching  


Over thinking does kill your happiness  


Power....who needs it? I have enough juice in these 24 inch pipes to keep us going strong.  


You're playing soo well kobe, keep up the good work. 4-14 shots, 5 turn overs.      hahaha


Got a coffee at the gas station, then spilled it on me. Great start the my morning 


Good fucking job macilrath. Good idea to call that guy up.  


See ds one  ---&gt; RT  Manchester United is Back!!! Yet to lose in 7 games. Defeated ...   Think what he could do with international diplomacy!  


Hah I can't wait to go home and not talk to my mom some more 


 Holding in the NFL? Is there traveling in the NBA too? 


 oh, they play classic hymnals, strum along on the acoustics to old African American spirituals, that sort of thing. 


The Lawrence Welk's show and now the 70's Muppets movie dad swears he took a date to once...my parents know good television. 


." WEATHER REPORT: Thundery showers over many areas in the late afternoon says the NEA."

This came in time 


 what?! Are you serious! it must have been all the blue jeans that denim in...haha!   


...hey look it's Daniel Bryan, no wayyyy  


 we always suspected journalists wanted to pay higher taxes 


 Thank you Football Gods for a fascinating primetime game. Nearly even in yardage. Only 7 possessions total. 


 clearly the soon to be top seller at Kent of Inglewood




Thank you  for being in such an interracial relationship that it validates my own   


Calve Johnson with 3 catches for 43 yards. Yeah, he's the best. Oh. Smh.      


Batista is coming back. Oh yay. Oh joy.  


    hey, everybody knows its the forward group that has carried that team. 


guys you won't believe how much of a gracious loser john is. He really shows respect to the better team. 


What inconsiderate arse has had an accident... 


Starting things the day before they're due was such a great idea!   


It's ok Clumber you keep the remaining of last months wages you owe me....it's not like it's christmas soon and i need the money 


Barley and Hopps both just ran away. Way to start the new year off right, boys.  If you see either of...  duh. Thanks for the explanation.    literature suggests talent potential is easily identifiable in 7 year olds - wise move!    


 was trying really hard to make a tackle on that interception...
 


Liz: "In college I once went on hunger strike to protest apartheid--"
Tracy: "Oh you solved that? Thank you soooo much!"  


Fletcher's back, should save us a couple quid in January, with him being the best midfielder in the prem 


Client Criticism, don't you love it      omg I'm so glad you added  Lol im slow today almost missed the joke


My crappy sore throat is making life so easy right now :/ hmmmmm 


Looks like Bruce Weber and  k-state are putting a solid team on the floor this year.  


I'm so excited to work my ten hour awake night shift tonight... Just sooooo excited  


I hate UNC fans more than anybody they are 99% bandwagon! "My favorite team happens to be best program in NCAA history" 


Lol no, talking about the GAME would be fine MT   haven't you heard, we're not spose to talk game it was over months ago 


Christmas and New Years will be fun especially since I'll be alone 


Great. Another tall blonde is a super model. wahoo 


Thank you for all the room Brielle   


Wow thanks I love being called that by my own grandfather 


Id never know its december in 11 minutes without twitter, what would I do without it.. 


Went from 172 to 164 pounds in two days.. wonderful. 


 Can't wait to see what everyone gets for Christmas on Instagram tomorrow!!!   thats why your my bestfriend 


 or just when you think I do... In comes another genius... 


If you don't mind .. Nevermind ! You don't mind tho'  


 formula E goes live soon are you excited ;)   


I wish I could start every day like this.   a dream team of broadcasters for the   game. Makes me miss Steigy already. 


Jose Mourinho: "The best team lost."
  


No mistletoe kiss. And no New Years kiss. Yay    


 I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.



Oh great..."The Authority" kicked off the show - Oh great = 

Up first, the 5 on 5 Traditional Tag Team Match!

 


7 am  on my day off and get a phone call to say half of my department has gone down  


Gotta love this Houston weather in December    


" What I really wish is that I could find a few more opinions or blogs about the Duck Dynasty guy on Facebook." 


 is open for lunch starting today. Oh joy.  lets do this 


  Golly! No exp at 3B? Guess that would make him the 1st in MLB history to move to a new position 


I like to be a smart ass ... Thats my sense of humor .. People can never tell if I'm being serious or playing 


Messi give away 
Must be following -- every fucker on twitter ( I will check) give away starts at 100 RTS go go   


I'm so hungry , even tho I'm in the kitchen ... Hmmm   


I love when people dont respond back to ur txts. 


 Ha! Who doesn't LOVE tailgating in Charlotteville's random, shady parking lots next to dumpsters. 


Well done. RT  Magic would've played with it.  


 thank YOU for all the smiles&lt;3. Oh n thanks to ur China bb for the good network it constantly has  LOL . U rock Bbes :*


 Can't wait to get back to Bristol!  


Does  think Michigan State should be up by a lot more right now?! 


 Nice one "Faithful" 

It's Coach H &amp; Romans OFF system.. when the Pistol caught teams off guard, no one was complaining


Bitch never showed up for her shift. Again. Now I'm here. Yay.   


 ... Oh and I'm the mad one. Ya I see it totally 


 Casey praised Valanciunas' work against Jefferson Yeah, that's why he didn't play JV in the 4th.  


 *Correction: at a 5th grade level... Even better. 


Hart wins man of the match and we all we did was defend apparently: to be fair, Hart was really good up front for them.  


gtg 2 sleep excited bout tomorrow  getting up at 7:30 yippeee  


Nothing better then stale Cheez-It and Spanish vocabulary.  


Guys, I got the wrong kind of cranberry juice. It's the end of the world. 


I see  at work here tho. LOOL  Things u think are impossible...come give it a shot in Nigeria,it becomes a possibility."


I am who I am...      03 to remind myself just how inventive my colour scheming abilities are    That will really create the jobs! 


   7 billion 4wd/AWD vehicles in YEG area &amp; best U can do is 30km/hr on Wye road? That's 


Right!?             how hipster bubble tea   librarian glasses triangles wallflower infinite love   of Capers to play prevent already... 


stunning white scar i have received though... and is in the best place ever- on my top knuckle:) 


 Way to go with the NY schedule - doing your part to keep drunks off the road eh - esp' with the cab shortage.  


an open response about paint brushes is a great way to end a Friday!!! 


While everyone is still sleeping I'm awake for school! Agh I LOVE Saturday school . 


Oh good. It's up to 7 degrees! It's not gonna be THAT cold at the bus stop... 


"The user  does not exist." 
HAHAHA, like even twitter couldn't recognise her.  
If i could jst post the screenshot 


Nice to see that you can still get away with doing anything to Luis Suarez in the English game.   


Wow I can't wait to go outside for an hour and a half in gym. 


Man what an exciting offensive contest by those two young athletic QBs!  


I can't stand Lana Del Rey. And she'll make a track for Mockingjay pt1.
Wope. 


Just laying in bed &amp; watching Roseanne. Oh yea, this is the life.  


Yea I pretty much like our relationship!  I call, you don't answer.  You a answer, but barely speak 


 I mean, Beltre, Prince, Rios, Profar, Elvis, Yu, L. Martin, and Holland just screams worst team in MLB. 


i look foward to dat day wn reality crushes the dreams of my children... but ill crush them myself if it takes too long  


Driving is so relieving  I hate getting involved with the  Everything is pitiful here. 


This whole having to charge my phone every two days is excessive bullshit! 


Wow. I really love it when people cancel plans on me at 9:10 at night like 20 minutes before we were supposed to go.  


Photo: Night  in hospital: Yup, can totally sleep like this.   Jerry Jones wants Dallas Cowboys' D to 'take more risk' why? Rushing 3 and playing zone coverage is working great 


 I can't wait to go back to school tomorrow.  x50


Haha
         That's some impressive detective work there Sherlock.  


It's only my fave Miley Cyrus on   !!   


Try Opening Up The New Year With Yo Ex In The Same Room After You Find Out He was Cheating The Whole Time. New Year  


What a great way to start  100% Bounce Rate on gosf.in so all shoppers divert to partner sites  


Last tweet was  because nobody actually cares.


So subzero temperatures = car problems! Thank you mother nature!!! 


I'm leaving my house at 9:45am and won't be back there til 11:15pm:/ woooooooooo 


  OMG really that clears up a lot of questions I had about myself  


This birthday takes the cake on the worst one yet.  


Getting sick and I have performances on Wednesday Thursday and Friday in which I tear my throat up!! Yay 


I really hope I win my fantasy game     my day is off to a *great* start.  


  yes, hence the point of my tweet. Sorry, forgot to include 


 "Shut up and give your opinion" - Government
 first hand


Mizzou and Auburn in the SEC championship. yeah the SEC is so tough... 


So I get to NY and see the news saying NY is going to have flurries and snow by Wednesday yay  lol


Im not getting any fuckin comps, looks like Im failing clinical, yay me!! 


Good luck to Bama and FSU on their ridiculously tough games today... 


Step 1 of cleaning my room:  COMPLETE. Next step, hanging clothes... yay ._.    can't possibly imagine why he's the sexiest man alive     blow a 2 goal lead in the 3rd, head to shoot out. Never seen that before.  


Happy breakfast!!!!       a bit MT  I sense  in Fran's tone when talking abt UGA going 2 the Icicle bowl.   


 I get anywhere from 1-6 hours of sleep every night... Is that healthy?    exist


Sooo the Ducks are gonna win twice tonight...   


I hate being sick. Now I've lost my voice! This is great!  


Why does the math building have to be in the middle of nowhere on this campus!   


Ok he got his sack... Took him long enough  Tajh looks ohhhh so scared... 


 Really? Norway finally gets a superhero and you have to be all racist about it with a tasteless joke?  


Love having about 20% control of my twitter! 


Up all night watching anime and studying but a little more of the first though 


its awesome how you just completely forgot about me.  


Inadvertent head butt not a flagrant foul but an inadvertent elbow is a foul?!? Yeah that makes sense! 


   he didn't lie. It's only a measley meaningless poo poo 5 percent. 


i really love it so much that i still cant breathe right 


  Yep 700 will help hard-working families debt level  


Just found out that my hardest final next  week is a blue book. Yay!  


I'm so proud of my classmates that I went to school with... 


North Korea, eat a Snickers. You get a little nuclear terroristic when you're hungry...  


Ouch, England players are now running through the virtual VB scoreboard to make their day even worse!  


"You should probably loose some weight 'cause we can't see your bones!" Lily Allen, 2013  


My ideal Saturday: shopping at forever 21 for sweaters. 


Me and my weirdness... gets me pretty far in life...   Nonone liles a weirdo :/


" Syracuse 49, Miami 44. Final." Sounds like an exciting game 


  but women only put effort into their appearance for the eyes of men! Its never for themselves! 


"These tires are bad, bad, you know it." - Hamilton     


 Was George Zimmerman the driver? Then again, his weapon of choice is guns 


oh its in the negatives? That sounds like a good time to sled, its already cold, let's freeze. 




Good morning, world! Who wants to sit strapped into a hot moving chair for 12 hours today? I do I do! 


Weather sounds like it's going to be little bit not good for the match tomorrow. Super psyched for that then. 


I love when you get done shaving and all the little hairs are still stuck on you like "Damn son I shaved you off for a reason?!"  


Bonita enferma! Con pecas y todo...        I don't know why zecharya INTO THE WIND would be tough. 


Funny stuff: Let's assume For A Moment  That Most Of The New Rich Are Idiots:       


Thanks  for having my pre-order in stock..   


 Hahaaha why are you so funny?   how's work?


Damn it's been a great day and it's not even time for lunch yet  


Rough start to 2014... Headed to Maui.     I just tried to unlock my phone using that picture. Thanks buddy. 


Carolyn Quinn's presenting  again? Fantastic. 


I love when the weather makes it super easy for us to go back to work because it is so rainy and cold.   


 "yes and Latvia didn't support nazism, I know [...]  - we must have misunderstood it then. Our apologies. Good night!


I'm not a racist.
Racism is a crime and crime is just for black people.

 


Next week I'll have to pay to sit in this many kilometre long traffuc... Can't wait...    strangers find me intimidating. It's not my fault I have anger issues, they're the ones with the problem, assholes. 


  "Oooh! A free movie! This TOTALLY makes up for the wait!"  /wrist


Message on the Door      talking about the Harlem Shake on tv! Omg yay! 


Chris Mandara  of the The Riding School          utd team tho.... Young &amp; buttner down left, 40 yr old and a centre back in mid...    


This fiesta bowl has had just a tremendous display of defense 


Didn't see the game...Did the Bears win?
   


I did many, many things today, and yet only 2 things are crossed off the list I started with this morning.  Thanks, Monday! 


I didn't know that having a cold really changes Christmas plans. 


Quick, non-Libertarian groupies please rush to my defense in my current Twitter debate. 


thanks for not shovelling the pathways to my class laurier! Showed me what its like to take the path less travelled, lesson learned!


Ang sarap na mainit ulo mo ng ganitong oras ano? 


Got so engaged in lecture almost forgot there was arsenal tonight    


Thx  you nailed it! Park slope is the place to go to report Brooklyn being the  of the U.S. 


I'm pretty sure candy crush was why we started talking but okay I guess I revolve my whole like around you 


don't bother plowing the back roads of suffield, no one actually lives there 


Omg  I just heard this new song! It's called church clap haha have you ever heard it before? 


Pardew is an S, he knows very well that  has bayern in their next  game now he is saying he hopes AW wins the CL  


Uh oh the iron just broke, guess I can't finish that lovely pile of ironing now...what a shame 


"    What about P Chidambaram? Even Kamal Hassan endorsed him. Veshti Man." But we are talking of man. 


I only asked for a cat for Christmas.... My grandma gave me a stuffed animal cat and my parents got me a cat pandora charm... 


Boy, this global warming stuff ain't no joke!!!   


 are these  refs going to be able to keep up with the Florida and SEC speed on the field?  


Is there a winter storm suppose to hit or something?   


I have a feeling I`m not gonna be able to sleep tonight, can`t wait for that!  (you may not kill me for using an annoying hashtag)


Wow, I'm so glad my iPhone decided to reset itself.   


 there should have been a  following my first tweet :P it doesn't seem like her thing!


People do not get old, they just get tired of being young.




Oh how I love when people read my texts, and I can clearly see they read it but they don't reply. 


Boosie don't kill the game when you're free please 


The support from my family is just so lovely 


 wo kia kehtay hain akmal and ishara something!!  is my hobby!


 no I'm sure everyone loves paying like $90 a month to use their phone. 


Turkish power plant Karkey 'arrested'  


 Nah, just duct tape RG3's knee and put 'em on the field..  


When  texts people off your phone &gt;&gt;  


Are  fans displeased with that PI call? I can't tell... 


Fractured my growth plate by my pelvic bone. Could life get better? 


 If I unfollow you, how will you know I hate you? Saying your posts suck isn't bashing; it's constructive criticism. 


Oh look a Bears safety a step late to making a big play. Hasn't happened all season.  


 It's a good thing this game wasn't the biggest step down from the previous CoD 


Really can't wait to wake up in 4 hours to go to work. 


So glad they missed the hook in front of the net. 


 Cam flopped. Jones was trying to keep him up Can he be fined 5k like NBA? 


 you're drunk?! I'd never would have noticed   is just a guess, I mean I'm not in the met office or anything but could it be cold outside today yeah? 


 you have a good point...but I'm always right so I win     


Did that survey on I'm a celeb boost anyone else's self esteem? 


Chargers make the playoffs when they fumbled, cowboys lose a heart break and had to do laundry during the game. Great Sunday. 


 What's 12-17 cm's between models?   


2/2 and 2 the question "what are you doing outside the classroom to support POC" there were few answers. but yay black hair papers! 


Clarke sacked by West Brom. Great move. Some cracking coaches out there available right now... 


 sure it was will. I totally believe you 


 again, boggled your profession is to discuss/analyze sports. RGIII looks great  


I love when people don't text or snapchat me bad. 


Of course this would happen to me. My luck is just so freaking amazing! 


Good thing I have iTunes Match so I can have all my music even though I deleted it 


Well if I was going to get this sick this year, I am really glad it's the day before spring semester and the coldest weather 


6 Gov't Ctr
4 No.Sta 
0 Lechmere trains, so far ...
Well done   




Tell me more about why female nudity is "absurd".  


 That's cool.. I didn't wanna talk to you anyways.. 


Everyone is so hype for World of Dance right now!    the homeboy with the white visor driving the white PT Cruiser with fake wood paneling, keep up the good life bro 


How can we ALL be so lucky to have the Palmer &amp; Pollack show doing the Chick Fil A bowl??? 


Going to dinner with the BFs family tonight. It'll be the first time they've met our 8 MONTH old son. I'm thrilled, can you tell?? 


It's thanksgiving; And I lost my best friend. Thank you god...  


People act like comparing one's sexuality to beastiality and adultery is the worse thing ever. 


 ...and a beat down from a controls test  lasts nights tweet was confirmed 


 Weird??  KLowe knows at little bit about winning.  After all, he does have 6 rings! 


 Finished work at 3am, went to sleep at 4, and I'm already awake with toothache. Love life on 4 hours sleep 


Can you be anymore of a bitch?! Please I just fucking love it!!!! :-D  


I love when you don't text me back for hours bc you're playing xbox...  makes me feel loved. 


 Making McGloin look like the second coming of Joe Montana.  Great pass D and solid rush.  


 it doesn't bother me cuz I know Chelf will spill it all after the bowl game. 


Bitcoin to the rescue...is the fed buying Bitcoin?   


Of course I can't sleep. Shocker.  waking up at 6am should be a fun time. 


I love it when all my friends leave me for their boyfriends, it's so much fun    


. yeah this looks like a lower tax burden     rehearsal; came home in a good mood. Then I remembered I have a glorious 12 hour shift tomorrow. Believe me, I'm so excited. 


  haha maybe I am.. maybe I'm just bring sarcastic 


Working on the 1L's appellate brief model answer.. Exactly what I wanted to do with my day!    


I need a job in this town that is not waitressing because we know how I love people 


I'm so glad you take the time to talk to me. Ha 


 Think of how fast we would have gotten there if the   had gotten out of our way   


 appalling customer service!! spending my evening on hold is my favourite! 


 You're so wrong Preston!! We fired Cameron and POOF everything on the offense was fixed! 


Fun Fact! Sarcasm has been proven to make you smarter and more creative!     


Momma wont cook anymore because she's been busy working but having good time with my sister 


 isn't it that guy from that one Disney show's band? That really narrows is down. 


 I don't a temp notifier in my vehicle &amp; I don't have to drive anywhere - would a screen shot of weather app suffice? 


RKelly was on TV! And he didn't even pee on anybody... what a letdown.  


I love getting home at midnight and unloading all of my gear.  


Did anybody notice The Patch &amp; The Podcast clips were flopped on the last recap? Someone shouldve commented about it or something 


Hey  this Toronto series is a real benefit to the team isn't it? 1-5 record playing there is real good 


   oh yes I didnt go to teacher school or teach in the classroom for 8+ years.  No experience here 


Ulcer,you are so welcomed. Thank you for always being there whenever i dont need you 


My favorite thing ever is when  reads me stupid pick up lines 


11th hr. deal.  Health insurance for 1 less child, at $150 more per month and higher deductible.    


 Its going to be fun!       Did you get some sleep?


Well. Goodnight. Always a great end to a good day. 


toooooootally can't wait to see all the immaturity at the girls game tonight 


Min dak taun baruan ??  RT " _ RT  Kq rasa ny ngmong bidadari nya ngliat ke gue terus yaa ??? (_`)


Cross-soap shipping today: Insane Sienna  with Looney Nick  They both would have GREAT family gatherings.  


 - package arrived but was it you or a neighbor. Thanks for the updates 


Richardson today: 5 rushes for ..... 2 yards!!! Yea Browns made a HUGE mistake 


   surprised that investment didn't work out. I had high expectations for antiquated  sectors. 


Chelsea struggling to score with their beautiful football. :P 


Oh god, running on 4h of sleep. Today's going to be greeaaaaat. 


Naww!....hehehe!... RT   No one could ever accuse you of being a proud Paw-Paw!  ;)


Jesus Christ, please throw every detail of every part of your life on twitter...   


Maybe you should have been his mother, so he could have turned out as great as your kids did.   


I love how my computer won't send this important email 


Socks and sandles was a good choice for snow 


 Yes.. pleeease snapchat me 20 times a day even though I dont reply to a single one 


That Shakespeare movie was really awesome today in English! 


Another D paper in philosophy! I'm on a roll  I hate my professor so much 


 It's my job as a guy to tell people how women feel. 


Nothing is better than when your boyfriend tells you that "talking about being unhappy with you're weight is unattractive" 


" Dont everybody message me at once now  


Before wayne left for work this morning he said I could be a supermodel with my hair. 


Another beautiful day in "Seattle", GA! I love overcast, mist, rain and absolutely no glimmer of sun! 


If I've learned anything from this series, it's that you win the match if you win the toss. Happy days ;-)  


Gym class with our favorite peeps!:P     Remember  that Arsene said You were still a Gunner at  in  Let that  u forever like a Ghost!!


Wow got broken into, smashed window. Feels awesome 


Hot boxing a moving van with cigarettes. These guys are so cool.   NI's Service Center. It's really given me a new hobby over the last few days. And a reason to reinstall my entire OS. 


Lmao that dude says how their team is so unselfish!? What!? You shot 70 times in one game with TWO assists! Real unselfish pg... 


Love it when sidewalks are "shoveled" by just passing your shovel down the centre of the sidewalk creating a narrow path.  


I  being woken up in the middle of the  and having trouble falling back asleep. 


 Oh good, we're making progress. Etr was moved up an hour.      of applause for the wanker who forgot to install a bathroom in this recording studio -_- 


Ladies in line complaining about standing in Walmart line saying that no one wants to work anymore. Yeah that's the prob lol 


My water heater is going out....yay to cold showers! 


A question like this deserves a response like this.   my gaw. It's Friday the 13th?!? I had no idea. Thanks...everyone 


This week has just been the best week ever! 


I hate when people are like "stop feeling like that" or "stop saying that" like thanks, you cured me ! 


It sounds like 70% of American must only watch Fox News.    awesome guitar skills xP       am SO happy I got up at 7am to erg for two hours 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


The best way to encourage and make people feel better is to yell at them and make them feel stupid. Yup   


 he gets a pass because he's the golden boy of college football. He does no wrong. 


Nath and Ariana have apparently broken up...totally didn't see that coming  


Yeah abusing players on twitter is totally helpful  


In extremely rare critical display,  criticizes  puts WhiteHouse techs in hot seat   get 5 hours of sleep! Yay for me!   


 I wish there was a way to stop AMC from interrupting my commercials with this Walking Dead show. 


Oh this just made the whole weekend special.    am not so good at advices , can i interest in a sarcastic comment??" - Chandler Bing   


  the pro bowl is the biggest game of the year. Players go all out, 100%. 


You mean to tell me that a 67 year old man from rural south doesn't believe that homosexuality is moral?  Surely not. 


Don't worry everyone, Snow will go add another forward to this team, because that's what they need.  


 OH, that will make me feel BETTER!   So another charge? It's absurd it will be like having another radio at that $ hike


 oh sorry I missed the  hashtag on "your boy"


Going to see black sabbath tonight :) so excited -_-  


I'm on an algebra competition between embassy schools.  


My phone decides not to tell me when I get a text anymore   


subtweeting your ex is a great way to show everyone how much you've moved on 


 RT  This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player. 


 Look, we'll give YOU PEOPLE an elf.  You can have an elf, okay?  No, just one elf -- STOP BEING SELFISH!  


Nothing like ripping your spandex at the gym to make you feel in shape ... 


As a true Panthers fan, I couldn't be more excited about next Monday! My Harris Teeter will be offering samples of new wines! Tah! 


Did Snowden deserve Time Person of The Year over Pope Francis? I say neither. Should have been  creator "Satoshi Nakamoto." 


ohhh its Emily Sande ... you never see Emily Sande do you !!!  


Cant wait to start studying accounting some more at 8 


Why isn't freedom in knock knock jokes? Because it rings!     


 No! You've ruined 20 years of Power Rangers for me! 


So my spelling skills are diminishing due to social media  


Thanks for reminding me, I almost forgot  officially best email today!   glad we didn't have school today. The roads are way to dangerous. 


Got the whole track to myself  haters   Union Station Track 8  time the school has given us tomorrow between going home, getting ready and getting smashed out my face is not nearly enough 


The heat are resting their stars, whaaaat? But only the spurs do that cause they're old 


Quite possibly my favorite part of Instagram: my father reading the entire comment thread out loud for every picture. &lt;  &gt;


I was gunna start to turn my life around today until I realized how fucking splendid this day is going to be. 


 yep i really believe the pundits that say Dallas defense is the problem but slam Jerry 4 firing Ryan. 


My mom should get an award for how often she answers her phone.  


" You know your Christmas concert is good when the whole school is on twitter  


Oh gosh, another new year is coming. Everyone celebrate like it will be better than the last one. Whoo hoo.



Fun fact: malls suck just as much in Panama as they do anywhere else. Thanks a lot Mom, definitely better than napping in a hammock 


 genetically engineered? yeah thats probably healthy 


Soo...Wedding season has officially begun. Yayy! 


  aye guys, where can I get one of those trendy not guilty shirts?  


 USC is missing Lane Kiffin tonight. no doubt. 


It's okay everyone me and my car didn't blow up, thanks for the concern 


 was 1 hour late this morning from NYC to DC. no biggie. Not like I minded standing in the 25 degree temps while waiting 


Woo math team tournament 8:25am tomorrow I'm just sooo excited...


Ok I lost the paper I wrote my assignment that's due tomorrow down on.... This is good 


Thank y'all for the replies really appreciate it 


My phone is getting lit up right now!  


picking my mom up from work and watching a professional disney performer act real mature. 


So, I don't get to run for 6 months. I absolutely love having surgery.  


Artificial heart?  Can't wait for artificial brain, I have a huge list a potential patients. 


 good calls by the boys in stripes on Sunday. Ed and his crew did a wonderful job   


It's going to be so easy to teach the week before Christmas Break after at least three snow days. 


   Umm... yeah, right. Go with that Putin because it is a 100% correct comparism. 


 Disappointing  Whats  writing w/o a little self-promotion?  


 Feeling really proud of my home county right now. 


I'm sooooooo tired now xxx 3 hour bus journey yayyyy :-(  xx


I love nothing more then coming home from work and getting straight on with coursework  


I tell you what The GSCC commercials get me so pumped upp!!!!  


Standing on Customer Service line at  how exhilarating 


  promise u mate, he is a good player, u need to give him a chance la!


Jahiem.....oh yeah I remember him. I didn't even notice when he left the music game...until he came back -_- yeah 


So glad Rutgers is bringing all this athletic talent to the Big Ten next year. 


Another day of work (that I'm not supposed to work on) yay! 


Engineer has been dispatched to work his magic. Hope to have the  back as soon as possible.  


shoutout to Ed Lee for not sending a reminder that our lab final is today at 7pm  


Since my 93 followers are obviously dying to see my face I'll do a picslip if there are 907 more of you.  


Wearing a stupid santa hat for work..  


 that we certainly do anyway I'm leaving for work now catch up in a little bit going I be another long day yay  loves it


I don't think I have enough pictures of the sunset on my Instagram feed 


 you looked like you were enjoying every bite!  


Because socialism!  RT  Paid maternal leave around the world-  left out in corridor. Worried for the safety of the kitchen community. 


needed a 93 in music for a 3.5 GPA I got 92.33 gooood.  scum


So apparently, my efforts to disconnect my  account from  have failed.    


30 Reasons Why James Blunt Won At Twitter In 2013 | The Poke:  via     Rocks!


I tweet             &amp; yes I'm human!


What's taking so long for you guys to call in?   wow. I had know idea a cookie a week was going to kill me. 


Ending are always the best especially in a relationship haha 


Elsberry has some classy broads, lemme tell ya! 


Things that are hard to believe:

The leafs suck




 Or it could mean that you're destined to be a crazy cat lady in the future. Haha love you.  


So glad my Mac decided to delete my Microsoft Access so now I have to te install everything! 


Tough game for the Dons today, come on!    


Just walked out the house got my foot stuck and fell on my face, today will be a good day  


Thanks for the s/o  !!   What's up guys? Glad to connect! Ben, we tend to agree. 


This weekend is turning out to be just great. 


Hoosiers looking good early....  


Nothing better than buying internet access on a flight for a game that is not going your way  


OMG I'm so shocked NOT            OMGTNSJSIBIWTAKAS :D omg totally not shocked just said it because I want to aka sarcasm :D:D:D


The way  has been booked since his concussion makes me confident  wrestlers will self-report head injuries.   


  I show lions kindness by keeping a few baby humans on hand just so the pride doesn't go hungry. 


  oh no u just gave him up like that 


scorpio is so deep that they can bathe in dirty shallow water and be clean foreverrrrrr 


I'm so glad the new generation of consoles are running 720p stretched to 1080p        


'A corporation's main purpose is to make profit' hahhaha you don't say  . You sure of it? 


 Positively radiant. Stunning babes. 10/10    


I hate when someone says "we should do lunch sometime!" So I reply "we totally should!" What else can I say?  


If I had some more money, I will keep that too.



Northern Illinois hasn't lost a regular season game since October 2011. Let em play OSU for the title  


  is that why racial comments mostly ignored? do black people have happy lives with better things to do? 


I'm so glad I got a good luck &amp; a good game text .   


Yeah, this is totally how I wanted to spend my Friday night. Looks like I'll be sitting at McDonald's for who know how long 


Zayn can' t contain his excitement about the engagement!   





I'd make a 2014 New Years resolution but then id be making changes for the better &amp; niggas would get sad &amp; call me fake  


Well 35 mins away from having my first shift back at work.... I am SO excited!!!  


Thank you for ruining my Sunday Funday!   


One month left of the semester... Then life takes off on me and I've gotta figure my shit out...   


 yes sir, we will be there! I can hardly wait  


 Oooooooookay weirdo! Just like Mykala is the hottest...  


I love  "WARNING: indentation of =&gt; is not properly aligned on line 23" and my commit is rejected. This is so useful. 


nothing like a hand covered in goatheads and thorns! not better feeling! 


I've got such a hard life, I've worked a whole 2 hours this week  


Mmm. Love it when my americano tastes like an ashtray.     made 2 trips to Fl in 4 days......I'm glad we had you"  


 Aww I know eh? I mean Scotland and tartan? I don't get it either! 


 yep he's a classy guy. I mean with that explosive game he had I guess he just wore talib out. 


 This makes you a horrible wife and person.  Everybody knows you stop at Honey Baked Ham ON THE WAY HOME from the mall 


 It was  'Top Scientist at University of Georgia'...


Hey had to get 3 points somewhere during the comeback  


Maybe I should have added a  and  tag to that


She's seriously mad at me 'cuz I went to watch a film the first time without her. Yeah. I can totally understand it. 


 I'm convinced that Debbie isn't human and there is a microchip in her body making her say obnoxious things. 


 How nice of you to call Dawkins, who has a PhD in evolutionary biology, close minded. 


Sarah Palin is speaking at Liberty University today. So sorry on several levels I'm missing that.  


good job New Jersey. Way to          December 30th and I'm in no shape to end the year like this now. Greaaat.  


  I deserve a deal because I've been shopping all my life and still have nothing to wear. 


What I've learned in College Prep English this year so far is that we will have worksheets everyday in college English classes. 


Wooh, back to work properly for everyone today! How fantastic. 


  
Your Christmas tree is very festive.  Come on now.  I am busy. There are white lites on them. 


 get that posh crap off the top!!! :op I wanna see Red Bull, Smirnoff Ice and A pot of Pringles, then I might 


Well wasn't that the icing on the fucking cake.. Thank God for my dad.   


   Cuz they can dunk it, DUH! You obviously don't know jack about the NBA! 


A very eventful three days off, but now I'm so excited to go back to work!  


Why don't you lie the lights? Oh it's just a pleasant reminder of how single I am 


Get a grip on Edwin Santora. The Twisted Trilogy.       


Thank you to all 5 of my teachers for giving me homework over break. 


Out-charged everyone in the world tonight. Life long goal complete. 


Anxiously awaiting my Sukhothai delivery. Best Thai in Toronto!    


So, going to China for a month. Internet connection is shit and Youtube is blocked... This is going to be fun. 


You are so ugly I would definitely not date you 


Lets use tom odell for a montage....genius xfactor pure genius.... 


Love how excited everyone is that I came home.  


I'm so glad the faculty uses all of their spaces everyday especially in the snow     Quote tweet me so I know it's real    quote rt 4 u (its real)


I still throw up peace signs in my selfie &amp; yall all on doors n shit . Gotta step the selfie game up .  


Ike Taylor... Best CB ever... Yay!   pathetic.. Can't wait til he's gone!


 Clevinger, you're a capitalist bastard, making people pay for your hard work. Everyone should give away their work. 


Oh just give up already;)   stop worrying, you are fine, what u make is too, keep making &amp; showing up.  


 well he was never there was he  Even though he was with Jennifer and Abby in 2011..JJ chose not to come home


s/o to me changing since 8th grade, didnt thing that was gonna happen!1!!1!1!111!!! 


Thank you garbage man for harassing me as I'm struggling to get inside my house. That's not creepy at all &amp; you're not an asshole. 


Well this week is just getting better and better  


  works every time 60 percent of the time.


VS fashion show is on tomorrow night and I will miss it again. Oh darn.. 


Because going to Hooters with a bunch of men is always fun.    


Well, it's nice to know people care enough to ask how i'm doing.......


I'm so excited to be at work at 4 am tomorrow! 


Couldn't think of a better way to spend my saturday... 


Thank you Rebecca for giving me such a lovely twitter description and name. You're truly the bestest friend ever  


   well give Libs long enough I'm sure they can find a way around that 


Like seriously people stop blowing up my phone   


" New York Sports stink right now. That's right, I said it" 
Dynamic observation Bro. 


kill them with  , kindness is out of style!  


Like for yellow. Comment for purple.      Nice to see gov't promoting responsible behavior 


. Great job by  for the military appreciation helmets then having 3 billion unsportsmanlike penalties against Navy 


 Completely aware of that. It's a joke. I just enjoy pointing out the absurdity of CCSS-aligned crap.  


It's comforting knowing that I am constantly using hydorflouric and hydrochloric acid at work!!!    


Lol thanks, you know how to make me feel good 


" That awkward moment when sarcasm doesnt work in a text."    


I really trust them.  " says will mediate  crisis"   Don't forget about the great sales manager too.  


Apparently it's now acceptable to hit the backboard while throwing the ball in and catch it yourself..  


 Hey!  Quit bad-mouthing the Kardashians - they're an American treasure...they're our royalty!  


I was so artistic and photogenic as a child   said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Deal with Iran is obviously yet another example of President Obama leading from behind 


Sounds like another positive performance from Wabara  


 4% battery... I KNOW! I'll make a tweet about and drain my battery faster! 


Got my acceptance letter to KVCC, haha I was really worried about getting denied! Hah 


So  is in favour of anything that helps out goalies? Wow, I'm shocked he holds that opinion 


  Thanks for getting back to me about my complaint    try tweeting rubbishdrug 


Thanks to all the friends who made me feel so great about myself today 


I can't believe that Andrew Bynum signing didn't work out better for the  


 I get that too so I setup a [ shortcut so I can include it for those challenged by my weird sense of humour.


Don't embarrass him...but you can like my Facebook page!     I think I can speak for everyone when I say it's Charizard cause he's not a dragon and that really sucks! 


The first five days after the weekend are always
the toughest. 


Absolutely love when  max operators switching off stand &amp; chit-chat while a full train waiting.  


tom daley coming out as gay REALLY Never OMG would never of guessed



Don't judge someone based on what you've heard.
  


 It's cold here too. We're gonna hit 74. Ugh! 


I thoroughly enjoy playing basketball at 9 p.m.  


" I get the best goodnights ever.     K


Dude, you read my mind! " Why didn't Sproles get a helmet to helmet flag there?! 


In a hotel room with all three kids. This is wonderful. 


 he only used a fancy word for tap so us less educated right wingers wouldn't understand 


 3.3 billion in revenue for sport nobody cares about ~ interesting ;)     have a feeling this semester is gunna involve a lot of writing ....  


2nd coolest present I got today was a ticket from a hi-po.... for a seatbelt...on christmas lol 


Sitting at Urgent Care, waiting for a tetanus shot.   


Looks like it's just me, Parks and Rec, and Izzie tonight  


I'm shocked!  RT  Cavaliers are actively shopping SG Dion Waiters. Team has spoken with Knicks, Bulls and 76ers.


Man, it's /super/ exciting to see the continuing pattern of peripheral incidents becoming the big internet takeaway of cons.  


 Lakers fail to sell out for the 1st time in almost 7 years  


Loves it when the office have the wrong postcode printed for a client   


 as the Second Language | Thought Catalog  via 


Being 200 mi away from stuck  in a hotel room by yourself a great way to start another great year    


Oh sure family I would love to eat thanksgiving dinner alone      Nicki Minaj


  we all know how awesome she is with technology  


Wait, Merry Xmas trending.. What's that? I know Christmas, but what's Xmas?   


 that's a nice token gesture... Well done. 


 hahaha mmhm. I'm sure I was the only one to notice that she wasn't in it 


I just adore how little support and appreciation I get from my family and friends. 


Oh yay, that time of day where I have to figure out what to make for dinner. Hint: spaghetti.    sorrryyy but the parents are being dicks for no reason  


ahh... so funny,even if there is so much space people always menage to bump me over  


 I do it twice a day! Aint it just the best? 


Do me a favor and please be louder with everything you're doing right now.   


i really enjoy how the financial aid office lied to me and now i cant register for classes and all of mine are full now. 


Thanks  for the special treat on my phone! Now I'll never forget what you look like!   everyone the "division leading" raptors r still a good team.....not  


Gus Malzahn coaching his way right out of the Browns job 


Thank god there's something going on tn  


My best new year's celebration was in ....blablabla...and yours?
Mine was a toffee milk one... 



Anyone know what day it is today? Can't quite figure it out from all these tweets  


it makes me happy that you care about me so much 


 ohh put me in a skillet cuz I just got burned!! 


Org len mkin improved, ko mkin trok..!! Pe kesss  to 


 pretty sure that's just one of those nasty internet rumors.I wouldn't pay it any attention. 


Do I really need to tip a coat check guy? What a great job u did handing me my coat back.  


the ability to insults idiots without them realising it 


    But petitions have worked SO WELL in the past! 


 Well....Glennon over Big Ben looks like an incredibly smart decision., 


Super excited for this drive to Long Beach and being at some rock show/toys for tots thingy...oh yeah. 


   I know I feel a little threatened  


"When i eat 100g of protein at a meal, it all goes to muscle growth...it works for me, body isn't a textbook."


 Thanks a lot for the Christmas "Yule log" that I just uwrapped  


 feels kinda pointless when I still have to deal with New York City  love wasting my whole day! 


Love, beauty and popularity. Yes, that sounds like me.   thank god  was on  and BOY did he look interested!  


  .... but we'll all have to sooner or later. The gov is not just going to drop a million rand investment.


 Joy, another awe inspiring group performance. 


 it is entirely possible it's Parker and Szydlowski recalled  


Can't wait to see all the females compete &amp; post what their bfs bought them 


 knew youd have somet to say, cos ya totes the next Michael mckintire 


Aggravating an old neck injury has been the highlight of the past 24 hours. 


i love how our timing is perfect today.    guess i'll just talk to ya whenever.. 


Why, yes. That was nice to see Travis for a total of 20 minutes today... 


My  level : I dont even know if Im fucking with you or fucking you.


This Thanksgiving should be oh so delightful! 


Cue all the violins in the world for Lady Gaga. 


   fine. I accept your love. I'm glad everyone else apologized too 


yay! kids home another day due to the weather.  gosh am i lucky!  


 Lmao! Wine in a water bottle? Cuz that's the only solution    a good thing we canceled school, the snow sure is coming down hard. 


I looooove when I'm not included in on plans that I'm involved in.... 


I love it when the CTA makes me walk an extra 2 miles. It's fantastic 


  im a    
 &gt;  
 


More people should be writing about gentrifying Brooklyn neighborhoods. 


Yeah just leave me out. That's really awesome. Aren't you just too cool for school?  


Thrive off your own chaos then reflect on your actions, ide make a Buddhist monk proud 


Cold Little Caesars pizza is exactly what I wanted for lunch  


I guess it's majorly difficult to be original and come up with new material   major low.   


The essentials: iPad, laptop, book, water, and pandora Christmas radio.    you know Netflix has a fireplace? Well it does! Fake fires and a space heater.    it wonderful how anything in a given moment can change, just like that 


A4 - If it needs explaining I would start with an example (or perhaps a  handbook  


AJ declined a Senior Bowl invitation. Brilliant move... 


Amazing 17-hour workday! I should have more days like this. 


Hmmm maybe eventually sell itself to the first bidder....*yeaaaaahhh* 


" *listens to the Frozen soundtracks on repeat for 3 years*"  this isn't us at all... 


Gee, I wish somebody would talk about football. 


Everybody loves YouTube copyright strikes. Yayyyyyy.  


Sorry I forgot my beliefs aren't widely accepted and shouldn't be spoken of ever because they aren't your  


I love the lyrics to this song:   but seriously, I like that song!


"Sir Charles" is guest picker on  Hmmm wonder who he will pick?!?!  


Thanks to all the "friends" I support but won't come to my last high school game  


 hahaha what can I say, I'm definitely the golden child. I can't do anything wrong. 


Just when I had an idea for a gifset... The BFI happens. Oh well, I'll wait, but as always, my ideas have a perfect timing :S 


If your not going to respond properly dont fucking ask   


I mean getting our asses handed to us for happy hour, was really just the cherry on top of my fabulous day! 


  oh, all this Marvin talk lately confused me. I thought he was an asset!  


 we got lucky this year with of professor lineup, huh? 


My        when its -17C outside will be a blast   


 yea the shot against UK in 2011 was so HUGE. Totally brought you all back to relevance.  you guys still suck.


Wowwwww stay classy Manziel....you're gonna be an awesome leader in the NFL.  


" You know your Christmas concert is good when the whole school is on twitter  


I watched The Fly tonight. Great movie check it out sometime.  


yey. can't wait to lie awake for a good few hours. 


English Two Test Today&amp;Tomorrow -.- Greaaaat...    ..


Ohhh I can't wait till tomorrow when my dad starts pointing out everything that needs to be cleaned and fixed around the house. 


Of course everyone must drop what they are doing to do what you want them to do. All the time. Or else. -_- 


Speech and Debate performance this morning  


Touchdown Duke! If only we had more time!     I never heard Anything before.   


 Evening        featuring  don't worry I'm sure the Big South will figure it out by March 


So excited to get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow!  


With the way things were yesterday and today, this weekend is shaping up to be just greeeeaaaaat. 


S/O to everyone complaining about the remainder of the semester and wanting to skip or sleep through it. 


Missguided run a great next day delivery service and have excellent customer service in general. 


 attacks on  make total sense b/c what GOP really stands for is low-cost access to comprhnsv health care for all 


I love how toddlers make you think they love a food, so you serve it up again and they hate it. 


Thank you to everyone who has taken pictures of the weather outside, I'm really enjoying them.  


  Shocking!!  ...... LOL! :D I'm still waiting for FOX to 'shock' me... 


Barely  gals are a hoot!  Did baby sister actually do costume change? The hand on the hip is enjoyable. GL 


 It's a shame how these college coaches mislead recruits. They really need to be up front about their offensive scheme. 


Couldn't have picked a worse day to get a tooth out!! Friday 13th...got one on Monday as well, arnt I a lucky boy...  


Thank you to the girl who was out of control and kneed me in the face. I appreciate it 


 terrible coaching, gosh must suck to have such a bad coach  should have went for it. 


 Zimmerman arrested for domestic violence (via   was just standing his ground. 


At my favorite place in the world.. The doctors  


Wow I'm so excited to go back to school and see all the people i hate again!!! 


 Glad I know what IT is. You didn't even wanna do IT. Smh 


 she is a slave to her beauty, her intelligence and her wholesome Christian beliefs. 


Tomorrow is gonna be a long ass day.. great way to start off another long ass week
   


Any time someone begins a sentence with, "No offense, but..."  Just walk away. No good can come from that.  


This movie "A Talking Cat!?!" on Netflix is the best movie of 2013! 


Love it when people cant make up their stupid mind!! 


Good thing I'm close to people who like to make my life difficult   


When your husband and kids are being fatasses and your just like oh hey my lean steak and salad taste great   


 advise to me by  that I need to use   the tag  lest people start abusing :p is true. :-) Thank you.


Sign me up!  RT  BOGO free Starbucks holiday drink. Any Target Starbucks. 12am-6am only.  we need is 10 quick wickets and then a really good batting performance come on England!!  


Luckily, I'm really good at covering up a bad mood. 


 But, Miss Resident -- if that IS, in fact, your name...  means never having to tag your   


Good job time travel. Only going forward for most of us.   


Had a great start to my day today with a lovely cold shower. Big thanks to the wood furnace for running out    


They are going to put that at the Falls and Dunn Rd. intersection? No big deal, there is NEVER traffic on Falls of Neuse, 


Why is no one answering my texts??   


 I get the feeling you Dont actually think its fun 


The phone calls I get on a daily basis r commical. Y yes Id love 2B a door2door cable salesman w/my MBA in finance   ???


The best part about a bonfire is smelling like straight ash when you get home 


What if I told you, you could by lighters without intensions of smoking any substances!  


"  I get my  from my grandmother"... I get everything from my grandmother


 are you being sarcastic? Just the inclusion of  has confused me


That awesome feeling when you try to do something nice and that person doesnt even care.  


  becuz I'm sure all the shit u say u just come up with on your own??? 


Photo: This is me. I totally look this flawless     finito for the week !! Feet up now for a fun filled weekend in maynooth  


And I have so much further to drive and she only lives 10 minutes away...but that's ok. Her sleep is more important  


1 year since sandy hook, look how much you americans have accomplished 


 Lmao that was a knee slapper that's why you get paid the big bucks on comedy central. 


Xi equals pie over square root of 2 and is greater than one . Yeah makes sense 


Read a sleep article, wow I'm never gonna have sleep problems again 


The Mayan calendar must have been misread. Maybe the world ends in December 2013, not 2012.    


I love it when my phone mysteriously dies at 52%...womp. 


Probz the best text I've ever had     god forbid we feed our kids the devils poison. Lol. 


You're doing a GREAT job at taking care of your wife &amp; child! Keep it up! 


 just the ref conspiracy against the Canucks alive and well 


Watching movie 7 "10 Dead Men" something tells me it will be a light and cheerful flick.    


Time to call it a night. What an awesome weekend. 


Human got in to today's  ... Can you see how pleased I am?!
   many of my friends want to go get dinner with me  


Can't wait for the  banter between Tony &amp; Ziva the fish.    Some1 needs to take CafPow &amp; pens away from GG


What an impressive win by Florida St. today.   So over rated!


 silence maybe? I didn't really ask for a response. Jackass comments always bring in and/or keep customers. 


You should edit your pictures some more, they don't look fake at all! 


weather forecast for tonite...... hmmnn.... It's gonna be dark....


Love having the craic and I love sarcasm, but bullies and trolls take it to another level! F the haters!    


  I love the Browns complete lack of interest in special teams this year. It's worked out nicely. 


Well looks like imma end up spending my entire break in Atlanta after all !..yayyy me!.  


Can't decide on whether you are an ass or a two-face douche? Ask a girl ;) 


The  of     goes   Tj Pitchford inspired w...  love when you have an A on blackboard but a B on your transcript.. 


I'm literally spending 90% of this winter break alone bc I'm the only one home.   


 thank you for flying   seriously though fly  if you can. Their service is so much better.


Well all of the city's best drivers are obviously out tonight displaying their talents...  


Doc McStuffins birthday party! :)       start to the first day back. Loving it.   


  Stated in a most ungodly way. Well done. Move to head of the class. 


Exactly what a guy wants to work in...    Wooooo..sweetnya!!!untung la..lepas ni memanjang snyum dy  


Well, this article made me change my mind    


Boy, Ezekiel Emanuel sure seems like the ethical, non-political, empathetic person I want in charge of the Healthcare system 


Watching Brighton V Bournemouth...words cannot describe the tension  may be a good match tho championship has good games sometimes


Ready to party with big army people this morning at PT.... 


Mom: You shouldn't like that guy, he's disgusting and weird. 

Me: Wow I totally don't like him anymore thanks mom 




A few hours of stormy weather. Well, that was quite the hurricane. At least there's no furniture of others in my backyard. 


 we love health and don't offer junk to kids, here try one of our  great for 5 year olds- 


I love emails about the extra seminars I have to take for student teaching. I totally have time while student teaching for that. 


 can enhance problem solving ability.  


Yeah, there's no height difference at all...    really restores my faith in our generation 


Sooooo glad my high school wrestling program sucks now.... 


Good thing the judge didn't give   the 6 months in jail Marion Barry got for the same offense a decade ago.  


 what percentage of my IRA should I allocate to  


 let me know how that's going for you. I'm sure you're logic is in no way flawed 


Work place restricted access to web and they forgot that we now can't access our Lobo Employee site now. Excellent job guys 


It's Monday again, I can barely contain my joy. 


 im sure that will come in handy...absolutely buzzing for Sunday already! 


Tram delayed by 20 mins cheers  , lovely set of chaps LOVELY!  


wow im so shocked that nwa was nominated for the rock and roll hall of fame and didnt get in, but hall and oates did 


When did  become an  ?    My  people know what I am talking about.


Just love when people text me first and I text them back an they ignore me 


I'm so sad to be missing the rodeo at home. 


I mean, it's not like I work my ass off at absolutely everything or anything like that.... 


Well that's all done. Time to slack off and not produce content for another three weeks.   


Last night was worst night of my life.. Less than two hours of sleep. Today should be awesome... 


 this is sensational... Sydney is much better than Melbourne    Keep up the good work Scottie !!!  My travelling times on the M4 have decreased  


Pretty sure I'm getting a cold- will be great for finals week! 


Shock! Horror! Ruby Turner is on Hootenanny this year. Such a rare appearance for her, I'm so surprised. 


I'm so glad DeSales reset my web print number. I had almost used up my 1,000 pages for the semester. 


I keep  at arm's length. Seriously!

 


Who just loves getting woken up by tornado warnings?  


Breaks my heart to see Kansas hoops upset by Villanova 


Glad to see  have sorted the traffic Just 47 minutes to drive across Itchen Bridge from Wooolston tonight  


Oh yay. I love violent people on the bus. V_V 


You haven't even noticed. Wow. Really makes me feel good. 


so  internet and app  isn't working, thats fantastic! 


Scraping the Acoustic Ceiling is so much fun!!!  


I have a couple of friends who moved in with their boyfriends after dating them for two months... I bet that's gonna work. 


"I'd just bang with it... Or brown town"   


Do you know what I love about Norway in the fall? Walking out into complete darkness at 4pm...  Glad I don't live further north.


I love stairs. Embrace them with all my heart. 


 MJ:  The Pride of 1984...nice hashtag of Be A Tit by the way... 


I just hope we don't attack too much this afternoon. Sit back and pass it amongst defence and midfield.  


 I wonder where Maggie is going to live now? Betcha she moves in with Jennifer. That would be so perfect. 


Morning to the world one hour of sleep and still energetic. Wooooh. 


 lmfao. You should check out her rapping in the song   


Am thinking of nipping into town at the weekend to get some last minute bits. I wonder if anyone else will be there? 


I love when people say stuff about me that's not true.    


OMG! I hope they let us see the Selena Gomez half time show!  


 I was being facetious...so "sounds great" 


So Juve are out of the champions league, nothing new there 


twitter fights get so much accomplished    


Left with a list of chores on the last day of my break, YAY!! 



 Now Internet is safe from all infidels... 


Roads are looking so nice...    Em' With with that see you next year joke. Ahh, so original... 


  beat the  Then start firing people.. We cant have this winning shit happening in Buffalo!!  


Everybody from the college knows me as McDonald's girl   


My 68 year old sociology professor talking about pornography. Great last day. 


lol I think that  don't realize that  is really a  ... just like them to not get  and  ..


Ordering my books is always something I just get soo excited for every semester.  


 Khloe Kardashians reportedly planning to file for divorce from Lamar Odom today" wow I totally did NOT see that coming 


Silly me. Everyone needs guns! The NRA set me straight. School shootings notwithstanding.   


My mom doesn't appreciate a good emoji joke when she sees one... 

   already 9:30! Hours closer to class to waking up for class tomro yay!  -_-


Feeling like this at this point in time. What a merry Christmas.   you don't have me on FB then maybe you should. It's like twitter-me except with more words to be undeniably hilarious. 


Yay another wicked stomach virus. Just what I wanted to go along with my awesome laryngitis. 


Isn't it the best feeling to feel unwanted by the person you want to feel wanted from, so bad? 


See!! Leading by 7 and now wer leading by 1..way to go team 


S/O to  for being so good at texting back 


Kirkpatrick injured? That neeever happens....  


Situations like the one at Shaw Air Force base today really do aggravate me.. That nativity scene must have left a horrible scar! 


Golly! I sure hope that in 2014 I don't start hating jimmy johns...because our lives completely change from year to year. 


That awesome feeling when you have a huge crush on someone and he doesn't even know it. 


 I have been waiting for nearly 24 hours for that one direction song, idk if I can wait any longer!  


 I love you! You make life so much easier. :-) &lt;3 :-* ;-)


Just signed up to vote in the elections. I can't wait. 


I can feel my heart tightening. Love having a heart condition! 


Soooo excited. Getting ready to drop $180 at a bmw repair shop for an oil leak. Just hat to mark someone off my Christmas list. 


What "outsiders" really need to know.                    


On wait I'm sure the ST coach told him to do that 


I just want to go home.    


You know what really helps solve problems? Incessantly whining about it until you drive away everyone that wants to help you. 


No way. There's no connection between Al Qaeda and Iraq    Sahab mere bare ache dost hain  
loll   .....  


Go figure Zimmerman is really a terrible guy. Who would have thought it! His supporters must be really happy.. 


I'm so pleased that DS1 didn't have his afternoon nap when we r going out this evening. It's going to make for a very pleasant kid 


Just a thought, is "global warming" the cause of these record breaking COLD temperatures?  


 lol  !!! Weber would be great, but price to much... plus him waving his no trade clause to come here bahahahahahahaha


Shopping last minute is always such fun.  


 noooo way! Wow. Revolutionary. I never would have guessed! 


The only ALS unit in the borough tonight.... Awesome!  


The perfect structure for the  heel is the strongest and most useful structure or component of the whole.  


Does anyone know if Nelson Mandela passed away today?  


Only 10 and already seen a 3 car accident and someone who drove off the road. It's finally winter...    


In hindsight I probably should have hashtagged that tweet with the word  Lol


 wow thanks for your imaginary drops of water. I'm feeling so refreshed   two starters, the Miami o-line doesn't seem to be missing a beat. Way to protect your QB.  


No school again tomorrow.  Pretty bummed out that i don't have to go outside, drive an hour, and work till 6 pm. Dang..... 


my new life starts today. Hip-hip horray .-.   should have made these spots a little bigger.   impressed with  taking such a keen interest in A&amp;E now his government's had such a positive impact on the NHS  


Looking foward to waking up tomorrow morning to be on the bus for 7:30! 


Australia Legalizes  Hunting After Swimmer Deaths  Indiscriminate killing, the righter or ever wrong. 


  hey BOB, it still has a picture of Cliff Lee to the Yankees back in the day! 


Did Itv go off?? You'd never have known, not many people mentioned it on here!!!  


I just can't wait to see everyone's presents on instagram on Christmas morning!!!! 


     "Looking walks on the beach" eh Mark? I do believe that there is a  fail ;)


The best feeling in the world is hearing the person you like talk about how much they like someone else. 


Big surprise  Tonys lands on top restaurants list, again   via 


Thanks  glad I paid for priority shipping - maybe my Xmas cards will be here in time for New Years! 


. "Person of the Year: The biggest honor of Pope Francis' life. 


I love waking up to the sound of torrential rain on a summer's day 


Not an Izzo fan    RT   How come you hate MSU so much?Just wondered


Keep walking, there's no stop sign. Can't you walk and talk at the same time? 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Such a beautiful redition no  Fireworks by Katy Perry ( cover)   via 


Mending tarik Indra Sjafrie aje Tom :D RT   itulah hebatnya Presiden gue.. 


For people who are just plain     commentary. Very interesting. Not really bring. NOO.  


Driving home in a blizzard is the best. I can't even.  


What are you talking about, I have good time management skills 


Feeling like crap...have work in 5 hours awesome..... 


I kind of want to start a fashion blog..but:1.Does anyone care?2.How does one go about that3.Cause I don't have enough to do  


 Best QB at Oregon since Joey Harrington... {sarcasm} 


 No links? Now I have to actually exert some effort to learn...    


Looks like the Fans Came to see there team play tonight  


I woke uppp like disss *beyonce voice*      yes I watch games on TV. U mean wearing pink 4 breast cancer doesn't make the NFL female friendly? 


  oh yeah cuz that was all Alex who did that 


this 5 hour sleep is gunna be beauty!   


  It's behaving exactly like a currency that's a practical replacement to the dollar or Euro. 


Where does FSU find these incredibly articulate African-American football players???? 


shout out to my physics prof for being the only prof that assigns online physics assignments  


Well my auto correct messed me up that my bad dang it I was also cleaning my room 


My mom says she hasn't the slightest idea why I dont have a bf 


 So because Cooke, a guy who has cleaned up his act, cheap shots are ok? I see your logic, makes a whole lot of sense. 


Oh no! We're learning this really difficult concept of mean, median, and mode in math! 


   oh joy that's unusual for you!  Seven dwarfs grumpy then happy then doppy


Who wants to come to the gym with me on January 1st  


I think the best part has to be when i was by myself for two hours and no one cared 


I'm sure he's running a legal log  semi driver has been up for almost 36 hours."  


Think twice before u speak 
May be you would be able to say something more insulting...



What are the italians thankful for..today?    


Good job standing up for your "principles"    


I have to do all my Christmas shopping today. Aren't y'all just so jealous of me!    


Three months of living with my aunt and she finally understands sarcasm life=accomplished    


Wow fantastic, I feel like a wonderful person 


Hopefully tomorrow will be just as exciting as today!   


Ohh Blake Shelton, you know me too well..          know what I really LOVE!? 
Full body DOMS honestly 


 boy does that look good hanging in the living room. 


Nothing good in the governments pre budget  


  Gotta love the Passbook support too! 


Grad school is great if you like being horrendously busy while making no money. 


Well this makes me feel great, just great. 


 Just be careful you don't get the one that causes autism. 


You know what would make being snowed in better? A hammered fianc and an allergy attack  


Thx to the ladies who tweeted how good "The Best Man" movie is. Thx to you, I now have to take my lady to see it!  


Benching Colin Wilson really seemed to do the trick!  Preds trail 2-0. 


 I am  this   and for a  of  YOU   too!


Taking off from Maui back to gloomy Seattle.   Oh boy am I excited!  


I couldn't be happier that I am getting sick 


Nothing like a hot cup of Burger King coffee at 7AM. 


 a serious note I think England will get through in that group finishing 2nd. I hope they do and go on to win it 


  When will we women folk finally accept that having a penis = having all the answers?  


 probably should stop that... Pain killers and ibuprofen ALL DAY... Will kill you. Ha. 


  Oh Mancow you're so brave for rejecting all that $$. Please tell me again how brave it was. 


 id be snuggled if i could but got playgroup can't wait for the cold wind in my face 


Oh wow, they're filming the Victorias Secret Fashion Show.   


It's Twitter people.  Fuck you if you can't take the joke.      


Emg kamu bgt deh RT  RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


So excited for the family Christmas party today 


Love that my kid has started getting up at 6:30. 


It's like, "Hey, thanks for taking an interest in me." 


I'm soooo glad I went to that "review" lecture. 


Feck me im seeing things great 5seconds of  on  nice to see you doing your bit   


It's always a good day when you're mom critiques your hair and what you're wearing 


Thanks Caiti, I actually made it to work on time. 


FGD - Sarcasm is just another service I offer        if Cam wins the game tonight does he get to stay an NFL QB or will he have to win a Super Bowl in order to justify his place? 


 You're bored, I'm hungry, and my sister is cross. It's a good day. 


 oh yes. I just love that I have to delete 20 pictures.    Yeah it's gonna be super hard 2 get tickets to the floor here (


The intelligence here is overwhelming...  


What great company!  RT " Brian Gibbons is first Penguins to score a goal in Pens/NHL debut since Luca Caputi in 2009"


  clearly a lot, thanks to 911, I'm sure it's just a coincidence 


gnti kmna fer? timor leste? RT  habis lihat-lihat profil capres 2014, semakin rajin belajar buat ganti kewarganegaraan 


 why dont you ask someone with the team, you seem to have some great relationships built up  


Yup Ice had a fan-fucking-tastic day  Gonna get up and repeat the cycle but 


Im very educated. I speak four languages    and most of all my favorite..  


 I want to fuck your fanny off you sexy fucking beast urgggg! You make me so wet 


 sold me! I gotta go buy a  now. 


Eating at pizza ranch by myself and both Abe's make a comment of where my friends are...  


 Hello Wrestle People!!  I Love your shenanigans!   


  I hope one day we will write same for you 


Then at the end instead of saying something sweet he said 
GO NAVY! 
thanks K....  


Torn MCL...out for season. Just how i wanted my day to go. 


Being wide awake at 6:30am on my day off is SUPER FUN.  


 And here's me thinking we were just becoming friends  


 No one will ever take advantage of this,ever.   


Yeah, its cool to barely talk for 4 months, then schedule a skype date and then you leave me hanging here  


What's that?? I have a math project due tomorrow?? SWEET  


 to bad my insurance was fine and now my premium is up. Thanks a lot for all your help.  


Excellent video but we think he could've used a few more cameras.   GoPro: Ken Block in Russia:  via 


Just wanna say thank you to one of my followers for the best christmas present ever! 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Sitting at the airport is the most fun thing I've ever done 


Kamen Rider Fruits and Nuts, getting exciting 


Randy Levine intimated that the  plan on offering Mike Trout a 15-year/$500M contract when he becomes a free agent. 


What a lovely day for a 20 minute walk to work. 


Decisions decisions.... life's tough sometimes 


hahahahaha 

RT  Big 'shoutout' to  going to his first  game tomorrow. Hope the lads do you proud ;-)


Great, now I've got a job... Last year i got a bank account now this, my life is moving way too fast 


Jordan Henderson is personality of the year..... God awful mackem accent  


Can someone please post another picture of the weather? I thought it was sunny.  


Wow thanks i've just been craving a big piece of dough.    let us promote rape on national television    


Love waking up and seeing dumb stuff on twitter  


I believe I'm being dragged to a Christmas party....   


Thanks for the bonus coverage  glad I got to see that dager in philly   well guess its up to the packers now 


Oh darn, Letang will be out for awhile.   


 Nah I'd just be attacked on twitter for being a horrific actor. My poor self-esteem wouldn't be able to handle that. 


Running away from your problems is always a good option. 


Special thanks to Kyle Chang for getting me obsessed with quizup!  I really should be studying doe! Ahhh    


 i dont hate you .. i just dont like you  , .. no te odio.. simplemente no me caes bien ..


Can't wait to get out of my warm bed for the gym in this weather!    paying off my debt because of Christmas should be fun 


 in Vegas or somewhere nice? 19 here in Maine &amp; down a car. threw a rod tonight. Love it 


" Today just keeps getting better.... 
 


The Greatest. Song. Ever.        


I can't wait for all the instagrams of snow... 


  I really don't know but I doubt it's em cray cray bitches I doubt I'm that interesting for them to do that 


I wanna see how I greatly held my golf club during the lip dub 


How can you be disability confident? Ger Deaf Aware properly!  


Welp. Still drunk &amp; I have to open the restaurant, great start to today 


 when being a smartass just won't cut it.


 luckily he's not on juicing or else he can mutter the words "buy you, the guards and this village" 


I hate to be that guy, but my lunch is better than yours.    eliminates stress &amp;amp; effectively relieves the negative effects of frustration as well as over thinking. - 


 I will be watching  in standard definition. Yippee. One day my voice will be heard.  


Please show me on my timeline which of my tweets offended you, then punch yourself in the face for taking Twitter seriously.  


Can't wait to see everyone's presents on Instagram today  


  sometimes it's hard to tell sarcasm from whacky opinion. especially in print.   this hashtag helps.


I love having a memo to revise on a Sunday...not.   


 haha oh gosh I know, It's just the best!! 


Oh it's totally fine that you're late AGAIN today, it's not like I could've slept in more. Rude 


Really want one of those player of the game magazines...  


 Yes, bcuz "evolution" &amp; "evil" are both translated exactly the same in all languages   


THANK YOU to everyone who made it a fun filled night! 


 yes  or something?keep up the good work


I love staying three hours late at work when the next hostess just doesn't show up. 


 People just can't be trusted to make upgrades themselves. 


 I honestly cant wait to hear my 9 y/o singing along to Gorilla... 


The American Athletic Conference is obviously not up to par with the rest of the power conferences. 


gonna call PI ?  Come on that play matters refs. 


Gotta love talking to cops twice in one day. I'm so honored! 


Hearing Alex scream mamma everytime I close my eyes made for an awesome night of sleep.  


Thanks giving lunch every year here at the old folks home   


Great job, Coach! How about another contract extension? 2022 just isn't long enough.  


   more guns is the answer! guns in hospitals! 


Good thing I know what's going on in chemistry since we have a big test tomorrow 


I love it when people don't text me back, makes me so happy that I skip around the place for hours   


 But I didn't think you could win late if you were losing early?!  


Home alone &amp; just busted my lip. What a great night so far. 


You had an affair in the 90's seconds I was gone? .... Yes .... and we had a son!   by the pool on the roof of the hotel. This couldn't get much worse!     just text me and said people are yellin and arguing at Walmart...over 30 packs. I'm such a proud Sequoyah county native. 


Don't take my jokes to seriously or else you will suffer from a severe case of youareapussyassbitch 


Good thing we have school today so I can go take my AP calculus test!!!! 


Good piece: How Come All That Excitement About Finding Madeleine McCann Has Evaporated?     


See Jill, if you incorporate your class in the lesson, we actually fucking learn.  


Isn't fucking great when the one you love doesn't even fucking take the time or fucking effort to talk/text you?


Now for the Kings of 2nd half adjustments, the Shanahi, to do their thing.  


So excited for my root can today!! Not.     teams w/o read option QB's are really behind the 8 ball  


Can't wait to see bitch face and miss galaxy pants...   


OMG YAHH OUR FIRST IMPORTANT BOWL WIN IN 26 YEARS ITS LIKE WE ARE THE GREATEST TEAM IN THE UNIVERSE NOW LIKE OMFG SPARTY SPARTY 


 both teams know that they can tackle the guy in the other color jersey, right?   


loving Aka's tweets today, africans would rather be amarican 


omg for some reason my ass is blowing out gas like one those automatic air freshners sprays tho lacking da good fresh smell  


Xmas time in retail... This is the titts....



 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


 Great hustle defense... way to play through the whistle... good coaching trestman...  


I'm thankful for my shitty ass job   


Guys only watch the  because they are very serious about the upcoming line of women's undergarments 


So Tom Daley is gay what a great surprise that was! 


I just love Christmas      don't you know customer service is everything? Too bad I can't even get in touch with them.  


Then I have to go round my nans after college  


Loving this craze of Christmas jumper selfies over on insta 


to quote karl lagerfeld, "i'm very much down to earth, just not this earth." 

    enjoy airport security like I enjoy getting punched in the face.  


Yay for having to get up tomorrow at 7.  


Looks like samaras an Joe Ledley are leaving us, an the green brigade are supposedly banned ! Great times to be a hoop! 


 no football for free for fans rio. Yea great move   Live in real world sometimes.


Thank you twitter for putting via Twitter in your emails because there is no other way I could tell it was from you. 


So who won the bama auburn game? Anyone know? 


So the Big King is basically the Big Mac and Burger King even acknowledges that. Brilliant marketing Burger King 


  Hang on, an article calling for balance??? Shit, I wasn't expecting that  


I just LOVE when people hate me for no apparent reason 


I wonder what Urban Meyer's opinion of the BCS is right now?  


. does such a good job with away game broadcasts. 


 RT  Seriously though, if you dont think Andy Dalton is elite, you have massive problems


 Thanks for your five steps to getting out of the friend zone.  I'm sure it will work.   


Why yes,  I'd love to watch a 3:38 commercial just to get to a 3:03 video. 


There gas been a dramatic change in the scores girls 14 Gaz 0 ha ha      


Wkwkwwkwk " My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


MT    Seeing talk about the great job Auburn announcers are doing on CBS today. True 


Its nice to know that if I call 911 they wont answer. 


 -    should hire  as his spokes/apology person
Both do it w such sincerity
 


They have some awesome decorating skills.   


Feels like -29, well that's just darn right balmy  


Nah it's cool guys I didn't want to hangout any way 


 tbh I didn't think anybody would figure it. Wow how did you do it? 


I like how my girlfriend is replying to my texts.  


Bitcoin is a bubble. Dogecoin is the future. I see tremendous potential for unlimited earnings  


My level of SARCASM has got to the point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.




 Elgato capture card when I receive that you won't be seeing me on twitter anymore! i'll just be on YouTube :3 


I love the smell of the ...dark, lousy, rainy November morning ...in the morning.   Homeland 30  got called a useless piece of fuck. Nice, my nights going great guys. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Teenage love stories: We text all day

Jesus, I feel da love. Tell me bout how you're soulmates again 



Im always excited to come back to school after break 


Why have a life when you can work at Steak 'n Shake? 


  oh won't we be blessed with your presents  


Woke up with a migraine. This is gonna be a good day 


If most girls are so into themselves, why don't they just go fuck themselves? 


Great a knee injuring is just music to my ears!    


The Anderson sisters story telling abilities are off the charts 


About 80% of the people I used to talk to, I haven't heard from in over 2 months.   


Sold a $110 item on   fee: $3 +  fee: $11 = complete  


I'm quite excited for the zero candy canes I'm receiving tm 


 yeah you're right.  Nobody in the Midwest would like to see your show.  C'mon man.  


my family is so fucking festive tonight !  


I think the  are wearing the same jerseys that they wore when the  last won in Pittsburgh.  


Any  updates from the social media awards....no  here. :-)


Secretary of state is such a fun place to be on a friday. 


 pull the other one, I got more chance pooing every day     enjoying playing my  this weekend thanks to    - still off for repairs


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


    Charles now with 50! I sure hope he doesn't fumble... 


Looking forward to the busy gyms in January, going to be so much fun 


If people post pics of their kids or dogs, then I'm going to post pics of what I love... Drinks!    trend of picking winners just keeps rolling along.   


and Brady's having a great night     


On the plus side I have practice after finals.     


My dads texting skills are pretty great. Lol    group of 20 you say? No thats cool I didn't want to go home tonight anyway 


All reports are in, Life is now officially unfair!      in soho looking like


That sky seems to be almost too blue... The mountains are perfect though 


Oh boy! Nothing says good morning like changing a tire in single degree weather!   


Oh, before I forget (and someone actually thinks I'm serious), 


Wait, i couldn't tell by my snapchat/instagram. Are people at the beach today? Is that what people do in Florida?  


   it's just so bigoted and backwards. Should have been omitted. Sorry, left oot..


 I always assume you're saying it with  You'd save space if you used  when you're genuine.


  Gee, I wonder. Ya think  might spy on  mbrs? 


I'll follow anyone who RTs this! Oh wait....lol 


Everyone knows what time it is when you run out of underwear  


So glad I started Jake Locker in fantasy football this week. 


It's nice to know  is gonna miss me too next semester..    


Game canceled, big ass headache all day , ignored by oomf again, mom bitching at me like always ... what a great Sunday :D 


Yeah they deserve the win over JayZ and Kendrick  


Man these bowl games are exposing the ACC. Florida State has had a tough schedule. 


Looks like I'm going to be "forced" to stay in California an extra day. So sad. 


  So glad I know that tidbit of information now. ;)  


 Like my morning is going sooo good haha  ?


Yes, let's only throw the ball because we are a throwing team and have a good quarterback, we also don't have a running game 


Oh Tyler Bozak is hurt again?! No waaaaay   Im snapping right now can't handle being a Leafs fan for much longer


Sarcasm, I put that shit on everything.    


Oh, you're 11 &amp; pregnant? Your parents must be SO proud. 


 I think Harsha is best batsman in the commentary box 


Well I chipped a tooth... Just what I needed 


3rd and a mile sure seems like a great time for a swing pass...


Packers great coverage this year looks like it's continuing into this game 


I just enjoyed every single minute of my long hike from the coliseum to ayers, but the snow pelting me in the face was my fav 


 Oh but they are going green from profits off slave wages &amp; that makes it ok.  


 Clearly you're a magnezone pretending to be a human, pretending to be a magnemite.  


Baker Mayfield will beat out Trevor Knight for sure when he goes to     


It's just the best thing ever when I reach out for help and no one answers. Fucking peachy. I have never felt so loved. 


 oh now it's coming back to me, I was the terrible one...   


Being lied to is my favorite ......   


Like no one get's that I was joking about Tuukka beeing unclassy .... same thing as yesterday oh dear.  folks !


     Also he chose no. 69 which at least shows he's maturing . 


Trying to think of something deep to tweet but I will just say your decision, not mine, so fuck you and goodbye  


I'm older than both Kendall and Kylie Jenner....I've accomplished so much compared to those models. 


Hey  you're going to feel so at home in College Station! 


Staying up late studying AU60. No ones having more fun than this guy 


 But he's taken us SO far and we have gotten SO much better! He has to stay the  HC for ever and EVER!!! 


Dad is making fun of me complaining about my toes and nose being cold. I don't see why this is funny it's a serious problem. 


HAHAHAHA.  wouldn't want to get on the wrong side of you.. Some of your insults..   no. you're very supportive about my eating problems!!! 


Flaco is the definition of elite and a 100 mil qb 


Can't wait for a night of coursework ready to hand in tomorrow 


As a kid they taught us four senses of taste: sweet, sour, bitter, salt. Then added umami. When will they add rare?  


Because I haven't been driving since I was 15. Please tell me how to drive.  


Who would ever think I'd be living in paradise? 


 but it's only the Heat that has a bandwagon though, I thought 


 Time to get out and about! See the sights of the grand city of Dothan and the many treasures it has to offer! 


This guy just said he's been in 50 relationships. Damn, I haven't even been in one. .  


How is it that Erin Andrews gets over 5,000 likes on Instagram and I only get maybe5?  


I love when say something funny and than someone doesn't get it 


Reports of PS4s bricking already :-/. Work is going to be amazing for the next few days.  


I'm also loving all of my female followers just radiating confidence through their tweets tonight. 


00:26 am - absolutely love it when I can't sleep ! It's the best ! 


i didn't want to walk with you or anything. nope. 


 and  are the 2 shows that always make me feel that  is alive and thriving.


Freedom for the Catalan race, freedom for    "


OMG please no. Take that off. I hate you.    


Salman Khan &amp; Madhuri Dixit will perform in Saifai, the ancestral village of SP chief MS Yadav &amp; UP CM Akhilesh Yadav. waah waah 


Help me I'm fake and use filters..       doesn't love beig called beautiful by strange Philly men 


 My aunt's cousin's hairdresser makes a magic salve that will heal that up in a jiffy!  


I love it when people tell me that my hair is "too dark", now. 


 I take it all back, this is ample space for Orca to be held no matter how long for    1 more person just please high beam me???? 


Our local news station just reported that "selfie" is the word of the year. Way to be hard hitting there news station. You go. 


My mom just told me that I have no muscles. Thanks! 


I sat in traffic going home, so it's only fitting I do the same going back to school, right?? 


Told my fam if I can go to a party with how I look, at the same time they all told me I look like shit  


At a housewarming party. I'm utterly shocked that the only people left are my work colleagues  


best way to win a game in  is to not gank mid and entire game.  


 good thing fans were put through 2 work stoppages to sort out all these inflated NHL player salaries. 


 if you were in a gang, you'd be the lame they leave behind.   


 The cleaner will really love you then  lol x


Nothing better than a freezing cold walk across campus after getting mentally fucked by a math exam. 


Districts have plenty of $. What's the point in saving $100 on  registration?  Early pricing ends Fri!  who really knew. except for the experts on CNBC. 


So,  has been arrested? On what evidence? It's just a vid of someone's face with a unique name assaulting someone. 


This rain and wind outside is getting me so excited for work tomorrow 


Thanks a lot universe. For getting THAT song stuck in my head. That's exactly what I needed    


If you want the real lowdown on what's happening in the Toronto condo market, ask a professor from Kingston:  


Punchy piece on the drug trade in Afghanistan:      


My days are filled with so much excitement it's overwhelming.. 


Too coy to openly show interest to someone new and too foolish to leave what needs to be left behind. What a great combination. 


 and a big thank you to Montral for safe sidewalks 


 ... SO you're always going to have hissy fits... Greaat that's good I really love your hissy fits! 


 feedback?? Thanks for keeping your word on quick scoping. I'm also glad you're dealing with hackers/glitchers 


Who needs sleep when you have all this fun Homework to do!   


 'Duck Dynasty' star suspended for comments about gays

I find it hard to believe those guys would be homophobic. 


LOVE wasting my time effort &amp; emotions on ppl that don't give a shit!!   


Ok, finally pushed some initial documentation for   . Now only to fill TODO gaps and I'm done :) 


In my birth county of  Ca. Yay  Capitol of Cali. 


 True socialists dislike free market aspect of ACA: would prefer a single payer more like socialist ideal of Medicare 


Boston sports fans are not over dramatic.   


Information super highway to hell,  I tell ya !      


Bitching about not being famous will make you famous 


Oops. Sorry I asked a simple question. I won't do it again.  


  omg when you leave, imma shed a lil half tear.


Nothing better than watching movies with my dog on this Friday night 


Who knew it was possible that your headphone jack can break off into your iPad   


 I can't wait to hear all the idiots on monday 


A couple that smokes cigarettes together stays together :')        days after New Years and the gyms empty. Way to stick with it  


 Thanks for updating your team this weekend...


 yeah me neither.   wed both love to hit up the book of mormon. or pippin.


     I hope that was directed at the initial post and not Adam 


I can't think of any better time for my car "heaters" to blast out cold air only, than winter. Really I can't...  


Cloudy day, laptop, 2  &amp; a million thoughts. Good thing I'm sprawled on the sofa.  


Late night over thinking sessions are the best. 


I've only given credit to Auburn the past 7 weeks.  


funny how fast a guy friend can be thrown under the bus once a new boy enters the picture.    


Nice non-call on that face mask, zebra.  


 WTF why wouldn't you want some old used panties a slut has worn and came in numerous times ? 


Alarm clock set for 5am tomorrow,oh how I love such early starts 


Dear  thanks for getting me a shiny new card from my bank. Right before Christmas and everything! 


. it is our duty to keep women safe even if we are the majority of victims of violent crimes   


Are the Gators gonna have any players left? Muschamp chasing out all the players. Awesome.  


NYMPH( )MANIAC trailer - I'm glad Von Trier hasn't done his usual trick of making mental health issues look relentlessly grubby. 


  for such poorly, if at all, plowed I-35. Thanks for putting holiday travel safety in such high regard 


Really glad Tavon is riding the pine for the urban achievers this week 


"You can't face the problem if the problem is your face" -- kahkahkah 


I really know how to pick the winners!  


 With no cure for son's seizures, Nebraska parents look to cannabis oil  oh wait pot can do good? 


 And we will do it with powerful salad dressing! 


(c) I did, however, find out that I need to take out a loan to be able to fix my screen. 


If what you say really can come back to bite you in the arse; my arse should be so skinny!  


 joins fianna FAIL after talking shit about then for years. Shows how decent and honest politicians are. 



ObamaCare is working out great! Healthcare has never been better!    if it's good for businesses it's good for us!   Safer streets pay off for businesses  Mian musharaff? And soon Hafeez Sayeed?   RT  How exactly did the co-founder of Taliban get a visa to India?


 *claps hands* now you need a price for that. 


I definitely did not see that solution coming. At all. Honest.  


Did Paul walker die? Cause I haven't seen anything about it on Facebook or on here. 



So glad the PTB put Bama &amp; Okla in the same game. Can't have enuf crimson &amp; white on the field at the same time. 


I see more skin shown casually by girls every following year. I'd say America is improving. 


Doing a show with a big set in a theatre that was once a water mill during floods is fun.I love moving all the set after every show 


 more stellar sideline reporting from  


Thank god NBC got the choir to cover up Audra MacDonald's horrible voice.  


 who wouldn't be excited for shoprite  school is for losers 


Nasir duwaye film k waqfay ko dejiye!! Warna nimaz e asar qaza hogaye  the aaj  


 naw bro, its all about Hulu plus  


Loving the thought of having to drive back up to school tonight for another few precious hours...  


Two legit undefeateds, and six legit one-loss teams. Yeah, a playoff will solve everything!! 


You get some absolute beauties on the night bus!!  


Hot slap "  glory glory man united 


Glad I can do my homework without getting interrupted.. 


S/O to the guy in the room next me making sex noises at 1 am.   


I commend the effort some ppl put into their IG pics  ...one can always tell when something is done effortlessly or forced


  if all plays out as should, dal be one game back phi going into final game, another must win... Can't wait' 


My father has officially ruined my christmas due to the fact he acts like a 12 yearold.    


I sense  in  tone when talking about UGA going to the Icicle bowl.    


There's nothing I love more than subheading on a lovely Saturday night  


 Yeah, and they were MUCH better against the run after he was out 


 To be fair, Deuteronomy 17:12 says priests can kill people who don't listen to them, so... 


I wanna thank the person who stole $1600 dollars worth of stuff from my car for returning my I.D out of my wallet to my house. 


Yay another day of laying in bed doing absolutely nothing. 


thank u for being such a good friend, lollll 


Oh I spent 4 hours on your hair and more then half my day and you don't tip...yes I'd love to have you back in my chair! 


Deactivated Facebook to Face study ..   style


You gotta love a Dentist who tells you 'this is your Christmas present' as he is giving you the injection. 


Dear Random Customer,
Thanks for ruining my night.
Your Waitress
   not


 If I can put up 500 yards in Madden, why can't you in real life?!  That's why you play on Sunday and we watch in awe


 Saturday my friend mannyt is full of beauty's! 


 sometimes, I rant at lunch on how you always know how to cheer people up. 


I miss you :)  Is that the message you were waiting for all day? 


My brother getting me sick is just great...


Been up since 4, I'm going to have a great day at work!!  


There's Boldin bailing out Kaepernick just like he did Flacco 


The fun part of job hunting is figuring out who's selling your info to people that spam your email and call your phone all day. 


 Thats good cause they really seemed to readjust the defense at half. Played lights out in the second half.   


Glad to know that almost every other school is closed in the UP tomorrow EXCEPT Marquette. At least we get a bunch of half days 


I just can't get over how amazing my hair looks today...


Funny piece about the Paul Flowers scandal:        


   so we need to set our clocks 4 the Fri. Mikey fix? Fox5 thanks 4 the inconvenience :/ 


Final Minute of the half. Jim Schwartz's time to shine 


Yup. Still waiting. Awesome     to UC for waiting to make sure it's gonna be iced over before canceling class. They really care about our education!

 


 hahah I'm fucking with you  but yeah that's white people for you 


Yeah Michelle just stay up until 1. It's not like you have an important physics test tomorrow anyway.. 


So almost passing out in the shower is fun..  


 Richie Incognito will remain suspended WITH PAY!! Well done  - that'll teach him &amp; the kids a lesson!  


Why think big, that would only take more work - Lazy man 


Thanks family for making me feel so appreciated  


While many are eagerly awaiting this man's farewell movie, we have this   


You know it's cold outside when you walk outside and it's cold outside.  


I'm the envy of my friends as I started laundry, made breakfast and making grocery list 


no actually cicis pays a lot so ive got my own crib and a cadillac now(: 


The history of footnotes. The highlight of my historical studies. 


watching the wizard of oz and working on final projects for school   


So Excited to hear Solomon Wilcox's call this one 


Ok, cool you CAN drag someone down by the facemask, that used to be a penalty...  


Ain't nobody talking to nunechi tonight.. i feel the love a lot ! 


On my way back to Muncie. Yay 15 hour car rides. 


can't wait until christmas and seeing all the "look what i got" photos of presents. 


 trying to deface the Case by running their flag straight into our goalposts.  


The one in which i like the popcorn and drinks more  


Yes mom, because taking shit away from me makes me want to do stuff for you so much more. 


  But occasionally "Subtract" the urine   



If I've learned anything from these ghost
hunter shows, it's that everyone speaks
English after they die.


all these 7th graders with iphones on the bus and im like my pantech crux tho 


 unfortunately cancun has loads to offer me. Like rain with a hint of sun!! 


 Tom Masthay? What section is he sitting in? 


Four hours of sleep &amp; now work on Black Friday? Oh this shall be a wonderful, wonderful day. 


It's always a pleasure to wake up bright and early to Cody having another seizure episode &amp;dad with a nose bleed. GOOD MORNING! 


 Cant wait to watched an edited version of 24/7 on  tomorrow in Canada. 


 I'm so happy you ignored me. My life is complete. 


 it doesn't directly say he is leaving... But I used google translate and we all know how good that is... 


Shoutout to my neighbors helping me try and get my car in the drive way  no one has helped me!! Still stuck!!!


Sorry that you're not as loyal to me as I am to you.  


Allie knows more about soccer than me.  


As I'm leaving Brian's office he says, "Where are you going? I LIKE your loud distracting laugh that scares the crap out of me." 


 because they didn't know that Case was going to play as amazing as he has! 


Saludos!!!!          thanks. I so vividly remember that girl giving my mixtape back too. lol. Good times. 


And when your  hits the   


Would rather have snow.  Hey LA pals! Hope you're liking your 83 degree weather!  


Four offense possessions and four tds but fire Anae and BYU still sucks  


 My commitment to 2014 green living: use less hair product.  


On Sweden's gender-neutral toy catalog: but if girls use regular Nerf guns, what about Nerf Rebelle?  


Thanks for making these songs  w/out ur great creativty, I would forget what day of the week it is!  


  Oh, THAT's not sexist at all, is it?  


Love being waked up at 6 in the morning to banging drilling and loud talking/laughing from the fire alarm workers  


Weekends are so boring when it's international break. Good job I'm A Celebrity starts tomorrow  


Why didn't Sproles get a helmet to helmet flag there?! 


 that just proved there's no link between talent and income.  


I enjoy this being alone thing. It's so fun!! 


The worst time of the year to be at a gym is January and February, can't wait... 


Fuck this.... maybe I should just be the person everyone already thinks I am. That's right, its time to become a whore  


I love being informed of things ahead of time. Thanks for being on the ball peeps  


 I see Sherman has decided to go run heavy in this one...  


"Did it hurt when you fell from heaven"    seems that the Almighty has rang many Tweeps tonight confirming that Sissi is behind  


Wohhoooo suppose to be family movie ends up cleaning day.   


Love coming in last place.   Alcohol, weed, and fucking t.v. all tie for first, me: last place, everytime...


Balder: father of the year  
son of a bitch tried to choke me.  to see the road is lit for me to walk down     Ya, some things are hard to pass up! goofier than me, tho??? REALLY? 


Oh i do love being moaned at when im home.. especially when its over something stupid 


Thank heavens. We can finally get GOOD  in Canada.   is great need for a  font, &amp; for so many other spoken tones &amp; inflections missing when we use the Written Word!!!! 


Wooooo get to work with my all-time FAVORITE coworker today!!! :D 


  yeah we don't need a young talented centre, trade him! Not like we're short on depth at that position. 


 hahaha yeah, drake is the one whose awful 


Hahahahaha and my day just gets better and better 


Gene Steratore is the referee tonight. At least we don't get a guy who thins it's all about him...


I love spending my Saturday getting my oil changed. [insert 


  did FSU score 13 TDs against Idaho this year?  


My drive in today was terrible. Instead of 10 minutes, it took me twenty.      


" I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.   haha


 really? I didn't know you had road rage    teams other than Green Bay miss tackles?  I did not know this.  


can't find my charger and my cell is dead...this day could not get better 


  I loved how you charge!!!! Please continue!!  


If your Twitter account is actually you do you have to add Actually, Real or Genuine to it now then? 


I like trying to go for these girls who I like a lot but they hardly even notice me 


I'm so great at focusing on studying for finals! 


" If u take anything I say personally, you have a problem.. 


Nice conversion there Joel. Nice pass for such a terrible qb.


  smooth Laura. Real smooth. Putting that video on my story    


    n 1 mor thng,Andy a gud guy??Yeah if thats  thn alrite,hez RUBBISH 


School tomorrow and lucky me I have double science maths and English whoop  xx


Good Job to the Mayor of Makati. That's how you show them who's boss!  


This what we've been waiting for roll out those numbers so we can see how many American desperately need  


Wow mr grinch is one of the greatest songs ever holy fuck the piano on it is breathtaking  


 wait...but she's rich...doesnt money by happiness???  


I haven't been following Mexican soccer this year but I heard that chivas are in the final 


 Let me know when it is so I can TiVo it!


everybody drinking, think I gotta drive them home lol  


Jameis Winston wins the Heisman... what a shock.... I am so surprised... 


 Indeed. Let's hope they're far too busy investigating fraud committed by banksters  


" Man I really hope dacob doesn't beat me up 


"  have her teach you English abowe ... English kada wa zero"u sure about that darlin 


Great.... now we have to play Alabama..  


Dennis Rodman should be the new vice chair of the Fed. Just because. 


Good night! Duty pa tomorrow. Busy pa naman sa clinic!  


Dick Vitale announcing a duke game? Naw!  


Facebook is full of '2014 Happy New Year' posts, pics, greetings and tags... thanks for reminding sheesh. 


My family waited on me to get home before they ate! 


Anychance Curt Phillips gets granted a 15th year of college eligibility? 


But really, this is exactly how I wanted to spend my Saturday  


 what's funny is I didn't even see ur tweet before that lol but no ul die 


CLASS OVER! RT  I hate when I have to explain  Boys &amp; Girls.. Wiggins is going to be GREAT, thats my point. Jeez. Us.


Hey  experts nice call on suggesting the  defense today 


The Civil War has been a decent game  


 Jeez girls I can't text all of you at once..  fag


 but, but.. it's all a Republican lie to make the first black president look bad! Because he's PERFECT 


Watching the DVD of the show I was in for my theatre class. Let me tell you, this cast provided some Oscar worthy performances. 


 Ha! $BRKA/$BRKB could merge $RSH with Dairy Queen perhaps? Synergy! Or not. 


How did we even survive the school day in the cold? 


Did I just get lectured on how making money with dirty means and prostitution, is wrong  


31 degrees outside.. And according to the weather channel the 17 mph winds make it feel like 29 degrees. What a lovely day. 


I love the fact that my car is covered in a layer of ice.    


Wahoo back to work  is lowest form of wit so I'm told


Having a good time with a loooooot of assignments:-) 


 Its a interesting concept Messi to  but where would he fit in?

&gt; I detect a bit of  in this tweet craig


Time to kill myself studying for finals! Yay!    


 thank God, I really felt like we were running short on laws. 


Dang too many people texting me its overwhelming.  Stop it you guys 


One of my favorite things about working where i do Is even if all schools &amp; daycares close around us.. We don't even delay  


Day just keeps getting better and better!!!    One thing after another! When can I catch a break? 


Boy am I glad my hubby got a new electric knife sharpening tool.  


 mah voice is still super smexi :'( I want this voice forever 


Defense forcing turnovers? Lots of running plays? Wow, that's called football. The TV folks don't know what to do. 


 yea, unlike any other song in the world   


 Oh I'm so sorry to upset you with the truth  But I'm just as title to share my opinion about meat &amp; milk, as you :)


 shouldn't you be teaching or learning how to coach instead of messing around on the world cup draw. 


 -  Since Jay Z is a great entertainer, he surely excels at being a sports agent.  


 you are getting your wish.  Thanks a lot.   


Completely unbiased commentary from John Hartson.  


Cant wait to watch the bulls vs knicks, its gonna be a thriller 


As physical as the  were in the first period I'm glad that the  sat   


My Mom just called me "sassy". No, that's just my normal tone. Otherwise known as 


I don't get why having a mental disorder has become "cool".. Like omg wow having depression/anxiety/bipolar disorder is so fun!!!!! 


 oh a 7-0 lead? I forgot that's the international sign of game over 


Just asked coach Rice how the trip to Kentucky was. "It was nice... We got to see a lot of states." 


Charged twice this month by  and now my bank account is being overdrafted, who sent me a xmas email so Happy Holidays, right? 


  yeah MSU doesn't look good or anything. 


Bands book tours around your bank account guys remember that 


Crying myself to sleep is always fun.  


 glad to see your phones working now, apparently a bunch of texts never went through today...  


  I guess you're right. It's better to be oppressed than to try to figure this out. 


  glad to see you guys aren't Christians. Watching Duck Dynasty makes you one.    


Yay for 12hr road trips!!        glad I get to work the entire weekend, Awesome! 


Hey are these the sisters from     


Nothing better than being ignored all day by someone you really wanna talk to 


Phones broken. (For the numerous number of people that text me) 


 enjoy your trip in china, don't bother coming to Glasgow!  


When is Doctor Who on? You'd think the BBC would have had some coverage on it?  


Can you imagine the douchiness Falco from Star Fox would ascend to if he was on the Internet? Just a fiery tsunami of 


Yay first thing I get to do today is got to the doctor 


Really appreciate how Twitter sneaks several people I'd never follow in a million years on my recommended follow list... 


Guess who said it ;-) ... MT  "I'm glad this is not a deadline-oriented business or anything."  


So glad I took AP Chemistry because I love doing homework over break.  


 tek ova fi  inna  wis di  tonight  


I am so excited to go to work tomorrow.  


  A video explaining everything we already knew gee thanks. 


 remain with my stand. i dont mix religion with sports because i'm a secular bastard. LOL 


 Wow. Such acceptance. Much love. So happy! 


These bomb threats are a waste of time I'm just trying to stay in class and learn and have fun 


 What did the guy do? Beat his girlfriend over the head with his pickled Arm? 


  Oh Really ! I didn't know i'm talking to a fucking saint who support vulgar woman    bye  


i did NOT steal your chocolate or any candy, damn, im already fat enough   &lt;-- 


Oh no Chris Conte is hurt, what will the  do with out him..  


 I don't mind staying on the phone while you play black ops     oh really 


I just love walking across campus when its freezing and snowing! 


Wizards and the bucks sounds like a great game.. 


Your MCM is your boyfriend? Hold the phone no way!!!! 


Nigerian electorate  " An example is ....... "  A flock of sheep 


SHERLOCK IS ON TONIGHT! FINALLY!! It seems like years since it has last been on!  -.-


I'm waiting for the day they change it to Gaga.  ( Rock 'N' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith w/ 4 others)  love how everyone is so original and is cutting their hair short like miley cyrus 


   yeah because  don't need a good possession receiver 


  Nawh, it's all a walk in the park over there, what business do they have asking for help when they get home 


 thanks your face is just a joy to look at 


  I give Bobby credit for doing at least as well as Taggart would have done.  


It looks like scarface sneezed all over your car   


No, this isn't the sketchiest home made car door handle ever.   Please retweet this, I only need 4294967295 retweets for  to add me as a mob in Minecraft!   sorry should have thrown a  on the back of that last tweet


 Sports Reporters is still on the air? ESPN talks about it SO much 


That's fine, I don't need a warning or anything. Thanks for all your consideration! 


So we'd be living in Allen town? " So, I guess it's Allen time... 


I like how you message me first, but then ignore when i reply. 


And that's very considerate of you. Thanks! 


I bet Clemson runs a screen the next play..    


Awww...poor me...I wasn't elected as his  Well...I guess I'll go kill myself now that life means nothing to me...


Shouldn't the MLB Network be covering the NFL this time of year as well,  


I'm so glad to be here, I love swimming.  


"  your friends who plan to get married this year."
 



The  has a great matchup this week!   


  Surprised the Muslim community aren't protesting Adebolajo's interpretation of the Koran?? 


 podcasts!  of    Tips on toys from Natl Parent'g Ctr &amp;  with  


Really? That one's a shocker!      said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Going to Tony Roma's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug. 


The Hobbit's ending was HORRIBLE! "HEY! LET'S END IT ON A HUGE CLIFF HANGER! IT'S A GREAT IDEA!"  


Congrats Purdue for giving Illinois its first Big Ten win after twenty consecutive loses. Hahah  


Unlike everyone else, I love being ignored. It's my absolute favorite part of the day. 


Always a tough match against Lincolnview and Antwerp... 


"i was the one who caused all the angels to fall" tHANKS THANKS FOR THAT. YOU'RE GREAT METATRON. SUPER GREAT.   


No it's ok. I totally meant to become a hermit and not leave the house. No really. 


 gotta go with a veteran when your season is spiraling out of control.  


 Shur John we all know your a faster running back than him ! And id nearly say you have faster feet than him aswell ! 


Still awake at this time, with no motivation to attempt to start any summatives.  Yay!  


We can always count on Hines Ward to give hard-hitting analysis.  


 lets face it .... Michel therrien lost his mojo...time to fire him 


 Belgium is truly amazing at 4 in the morning....   Hahaha, clown!


Made it 3 days! Good job, Chicago.   RT  City's first homicide victim of 2014 identified  now has more picks than TD passes. Nice to see him living up to that MONSTER contract.  


I'm so glad everyone invites me to things!  


 That's not at all unsettling. Not at all. 



With all the business we're doing I completely understand why we are open until 9.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Florida Gators in danger of not being Bowl eligible!! My heart aches for Muschamp.   


Females be 4'10 saying they want a nigga 6'5. Smh, you gonna be twerking on that niggas knee cap. 


Mom always has a way of making me feel special.... NOT! 


  you haven't retweeted that for a whole week! 


I like to run to Bon Iver bc no matter how many endorphins I'm releasing, I like to stay in a consistent depression. 


 I know you were being  in last tweet 


Just realized I don't get to sleep in at all this week  this week just gets better and better  


It's a sweltering 23 degrees out. Up 20 from first thing this morning. Might have to break out the t-shirt to run in. 



    I would have never guessed. 


"before replay television, I didn't use the word refutable..." ~ Verne (he's such a wealth of information)   


On the plus side, I'm deaf in one ear and my other ears getting infected 


Will  web site be monitoring  ? Sure to succeed (


Just waiting for the people that don't know shit about basketball tweet today.  


You mean no Chris Johnson or O-Line member on Pro Bowl Roster? 


I want to congratulate my friend that has announced on the web that she is "For real out of milk". x)
  


Probably the most uneventful episode yet.  


Angry  Damn uppity American Citizens think the   &amp;  mean something. Idiots! Signed 


Nothing quite like an hour walk around west cross in this weather :):):) 


Good job Tucker.  Nailing a 61 yarder and not even at home. I'm sure Billy Cundiff would've done the same thing  


13 hour work, not bad, not bad at all, young Zelenko. 


Ahh, having dreams about being late to class is always fun 


Hey guys, I dont think Nick got me enough candy.    the season for   wait til it's summer bitch


This rain and fog is really wanting me to get out of bed sooner.  


Merry Christmas is still trending on Twitter! Lot of people seem to be hungover or is it just the urge to binge on some turkey meat 


 you know, the photo proves Politico was right: NIGHTMARE! 


The steelers aren't going to the playoffs? What noooo I'm soooooo upset ugh what nooo 


So my options are do hw or put spend the day doing whatever I feel like? Oh that's a tough one 


Having some friday afternoon fun with meunching-grouping!!   


 he's right and also Notre Dame has been the best team in the nation for the last 15 years, hard to argue with that 


 How can you rank a person  in the AP Herbie?? That makes no sense. 


We, Ukrainians supporting our president ^_^    put with superb sense of   the kind of  -  Must read related articles. 


Thank you to whom ever just woke me up by slamming the door of the apartment at 1:30 in the morning. That was super nice of you 


 yea because you make alot of sense...... 


. Why not announce the location of the  holiday party too?  


That 51 degree morning in Jupiter, FL was totally on point 


Check out my new  -Pin...
Ummm, its cool... :P
   only did my mom have to go to the ER, she is on lock down because there was a gunman, AND I am running a 101 temp.  


I'm really glad this "huge" winter storm fucked over my weekend plans...  


 gotta love flying commercial!  ....have a safe trip, though. Hope the time flies by for you!


The Environmental Science book felt the need to explain that the primary reason for starvation is poverty. I feel enlightened. 


Isn't this my day? Come to find more family drama. Life never been better. 


This sounds like us haha :p       Seahawks are the second coming. Total perfection. 


 What are you talking about? She is so much fun to fight....


I know it's early, but let's make it a little easier for this Michigan offense Cats.  


 wonder what changed their minds ... Hmmm!!!! How about public opinion? 


1988 acting compared to now, whoa serious skills!  


  BUT ITS SO COLLLLDDDD!  not thatttt cold tho! Lol


I understand that Amb Ricciardone is responsible for the current political tumult in  


   We know...your accent was SO obvious! 


Well this is shocking.   Florida Republican arrested for cocaine possession  Yeah ridiculous how repeated reports draw repeated denials. I mean, who is he kidding? 


 WTF is going on here?!  wait!? Local news is syndicated!! 


Yay I can't wait to be at school for 630 tomorrow  


To whomever took out my mailbox overnight, thank you for stopping to tell me. 


  But Shanny is doing it for his health,..this is for RGIII.  


  you can't define what twitter is for because actually that's what it is. A place to say what's on your mind.


Why does  always make fun of my favourite reality TV show. I mean they're just joking right?  


  No I just said it cause I watch a lot of doctor shows!! 


Yeah, I'm sure a 65hp Kei car would do grea in the AUS   via 


Nothing at all before you went to sleep?   


I like how your car is parked in a no parking zone and facing the wrong way in a one-way street.   


Stellar defense in this  game... Wow!! 


  ...guess i shall have to announce it...


 Yeah, it had better be worth me pulling myself away from the computer &amp; getting a chance to interact with real people! 


  Hey Jason any tweets left today?  Wondering what's up in Collarbone Central.   


because i really want to learn about dissolved oxygen and fecal coliform 


The fact that you don't even care is just great  


   Nobody would EVER expose that port to the net. Right? Just kidding! OK,  subsystem offline. :-)


I love when my wiper blades wipe the entire windshield except for the area I look through. 


I just realized my first tweet for the new year was about high school musical.
Yep, started that off right.



No boyfriend November is going well so far.   


 You mean you will not comment on the death of this great man? 


What you just texted me and it wasnt a photo of your dick?! I am OUT of her! 


I love that Entertainment Tonight is leading the show with the JFK assassination.  


Had fun not talking to you all day.   right?


Their faces are the greatest gift of all! I hope you ALL grow up to be tan and fabulous     joys of having a lab tonight in chem until 10  


 cuz the world needs one more  movie! 


Love when 24=12 when it comes to Allergy meds. 


Because 110 pages of sociology is too easy   you mother yet again for putting me in a mad mood before 11am. I appreciate it a lot!  


Half my team is injured and losing and I'm sitting in the library trying to do Calc homework. Man what an awesome Sunday 


Awwwww. What a shame  the Packers scored.    


 You talking about the UCLA bball game or Auburn football game? 


Guns kill just like forks make you fat and pencils make you fail tests. 


don't post jokes in the language we can't understand. 


 Tip: Find out what he/she is  to so wn u make a surprise dinner u dont surprise kill them  


Dwight King had 20 billion years in front of the net... 


Thanks for wasting all the freaking work we put in. 


 oh a slideshow, how wonderful!   


That was just the phone call to make my Tuesday&lt;&lt;   


 Yea we all going 2 die here in SC bcause we can't get ocare 

   


After a long day of work I am anxiously awaiting the 20lbs of cat poop currently resting in my apartment. 


You don't know cool until you can say your a napkin in a play!  


Found ultimate way to not gain weight on Christmas - yay stomach flu!   - no run today :-(


 Our management and coaches are so good they only need one game to determine a player's worth!  


 is creeping and he still doesn't follow me! Yay! 


Okay- I have to get back to painting trim. So.much.fun.  


Thanks for breaking my heart. That's what real friends do. 


The fun moment when you go to run in the gym, &amp; big, stinky, burly guys have taken up all the treadmills.   


HAHAHA worst call by Saban ever!!! Couldn't happen to a better person 


The amount of people from High school I still talk to, is off the charts...  


  how dare you ask for reviews. That's obviously a developer problem. Don't muck up my timeline. 


Hawaiians must be freaking out   RT " All 50 states at freezing or below. When will the polar Vortex retreat?"


I'm glad I got to spend $70 on a new comforter for my bed. Because they make none cheaper nowadays (: 


Canada dead last in ranking for environmental protection. But hey, at least we have smaller gov't   EveryOne...I am NATURALLY Sarcastic. ..Sayin it Now So It wudnt Be No Surprisez Later 


Kinda seems like you don't give a fuck about me. Glad to know you were here for me when I needed it 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 popeye the cartoon not the fried chicken place right 


Somehow everything is always my fault..   


thanks for saying it back, it really makes me feel important. 


flight to LDN for TameImpala+Monkeys sorted thanks2  grammar issues aside what a nice message   blessed to be able to work in such wonderful weather tonight.   I guess this is the annual "rock-bottom" moment for the  , can't wait to see what next year has in store!!!!!!!!!!!! 


Carl with an Assault Riffle this can only end well  


The best part about having a ton of friends is when they all text you at once and you can't keep up with it.  


Nothing better than sitting at home on a Friday night! 


Wow a lot of people on Twitter making me proud to be a  fan 


 yeah that song needs more radio airtime! !! 


A quick reminder that hashtags  endorsements. 


 Because he couldn't pass up the opportunity to shoot a black person &amp; claim SYG?   


 makes recognition of  as the national homeland of  &amp;  precondition to peace with  



 You see the way my phone is set up, you kinda have to text back for me to keep texting you and keep things going 


I'm glad Dez Bryant feels it's okay to swear every other word on camera... But not okay to cry on camera...


Hey y'all did hunting season start or something?   


  Umm, no. I know for a fact this weekend will crown the first Undisputed Champion. Raw just told me so. 


Already have a bruise and a nice knot on my head from this morning. That was lovely. 


If Miley Cyrus does not perform Wrecking Ball naked on a giant wrecking ball I will not be satisfied with this night. 


 Haa Haaa Just a touch of  Pete    


i ' love being the only one of my coworkers actally working at the office! 


I just love when I put my hair up and it gives me a headache.   


Sitting at home on a Saturday night is my favorite    


Can't wait to get asked tomorrow why I didn't bring a date with me to lunch 


 is that in any way similar to "hand wringing"? 


I made it, its 2014..started just fucking perfect my peeps. 


sarcasm on the internet seems to be the leading cause of confusion in todays world.   


Well that was a fun hour and a half of doing nothing  


Looks like my thanksgiving break os going to be wonderful 


It's Friday, payday and I got my Xmas bonus.  


Forced to take a bath because I made too many bath bombs, ugh life is so tough    Yes, Israel is so lucky to have that support 


 because sharing your actual opinion may lead to ridicule.


 yeah, totally deserved it after clean hits 


You're right lady-who-just-clocked-in-at-the-gym. Easy listening is better than heavy metal.  


You should be thanking me for tolerating you.        


Good news everyone, Santorum is now in the film industry.  


a great way to start off 2014 is hitting your head on a door corner. owww 


All this Global Warming is hitting us right now.. 


Well that guy doesn't look suspicious AT ALL.    


We don't need this distraction with such a huge game tomorrow.  RT  Munch to PSU time.. Could be happening now.


Well I didnt know hennessy could produce bubbles actually I didnt know any alcohol could  -_-


Movie: "Post Election" Starring Prachanda and Baburam.    


If you piss me off.. annoy me ill just give you a thumbs up    


Having dinner with  and What Does the Fox Say comes on...oh how I enjoy this song... 


To the girl that just called me restricted. It was really funny. I'm still dying of laughter. 


Looking forward to seeing the highlights of our game on the Football League show.  


 oh thank goodness. I was quite worried about this lol 


Well we can certainly stand more players getting injured... Healthy as horses, that's us. 


You love me? Its only been 3 years...   :(


 yeah, I feel bad, poor guys get fired and walk away with millions in guaranteed money... 


Oh well thank goodness you managed to stop yourself!   was neither high now low but my attitude had a interval between this two. 


Yay I can open my one direction advent calendar tomorrow -.- 


 Oh don't worry, I'm sure you'll be working with some of your favorite people! 


You know it's going to be a good day when the first thing you do is pull a handle off a door rather than open it 


Love it when people come into work smelling like weed 


 you really think I'm serious? lol  


  oh I don't think I'd be able to continue if you don't turn up 


"  do not like u" -  Lord have mercy, I feel so bad. 


 damn them fighter jets! They ruin my sleep most weekends or if I'm sleeping in. Always!  


 with CSN hearing on jan 7, this is obvious sign distribution will be done by jan 8. 


Cold pizza and cookies for breakfast! Man, I'm a good mom!  


It really means so much getting an apology via text message.  


Sooo excited to get more fat on thanksgiving!!  


Getting my braces tightened this week... how greaaaaaaat. 


I can already feel today's gonna be awesome!   


So glad my coach tells me that I need cheer shoes by Monday and pictures are Thursday thanks a lot 


But hey...maybe we can pickup Griffen's younger brother this draft with the way things will go if we don't pick it up  


 Thanks Izzy!! I'll try you know me I'm pretty wild.  


Never saw it coming  RT  F1 bosses vote Vettel as best driver  


Nothing like an 8 AM physiology final to start off your day.  


I love how thoughtful everyone is of me today!  


Can't wait to go aback to school.  Yay..............    is totally the games best player....it's only a matter of time that the Caps rest him for next year.......   


 wow. For someone with thousands thats a massive amount. 


oh, but congratz for your headline tho'   : World's cruellest zoo
   Derek would be Great with a Cart in a overcrowded store!   Lol!!!


Sure parents, ill do your last minute Christmas shopping on Christmas Eve, why not?  


 wheeling advice w/  Dr. shymko,    


 "Deep Thoughts"  by deeperest thinking original thinker of them all Ben Carson 


Ever so excited about my three 5:30am early mornings in a row    


"  debby is a lazy girl...hiya hiya o!!" Wow! that's an amazing song! did u come up with it urself? 


  ?!      is not  ! Waaay better   holy shit you charge $15.36/MB data roaming in Canada? Thanks a lot for the warning before I used mine.  


 you clearly don't have a sense of style! Keep up with the times please  


Yey! I can't wait to hear all your resolutions on twitter. 


when I say stop I wish people would listen. going to the nurse tomorrow about my toe  


Wow, never would've guessed our very first offensive play.  


  I don't know if I should make a compilation...  
 when I see my EX talking about me and our intimate life on social media to others... LOVE IT.  


 Haha! Sounds like the kind of shit I would give customers 


Going to wake up looking and feeling like hell tomorrow. Can't wait :)))))) 


 such good service that I'm still waiting for an agent since my flight left 25min ago 


 No...they would all be too old and therefore ineligible to play...  


"You're so good. They'll definitely be inviting you to the  awards dinner."   


Love it when "artists" decide how the National Anthem should be sung.  


so my skates are sitting by the door all ready for the morning   


Omg wow I wish as cool as you cuz you're just awesome just wow so much jealousness  


Still getting flurries... Meant to rain tomorrow so that will be FUN. 


Bah. Been up since about 5am and now need to work. Yay 


Let the crazy next few days ensue. Working thanksgiving, and Black Friday which also happens to be my birthday... huzzah. 


 I'm like 70% sure the bible outdates the miniseries, a solid 70% at least 


I have like people on my bio &amp; some people don't have me on theirs but you know who cares 


 No I don't believe Anthony Bennett was runner up to Carter-Willimas in the East, but I could be wrong! 


 we will need 2 take a vote between that and bit coin ETF 100% leverage 


 Thanks for that!      hahaha x


hey thanks for the text and present on Christmas. YOU ROCK. 


 agreed! Nothing beats forcing my wife to watch the only race Casey Mears won. She loves fuel mileage races. 


When Messi can play in this, then he truely deserves the ballon d'or.   


FGD - Sarcasm is just another service I offer        brain is so good that my friend got murdered not just a black eye last night.  


 very cheesy. Dur dur tk resurrection k na koi chance nazar aatay hein..na he hum logo ka asa koi mood lgta ha .


Whoa, how DARE games and anything be related to games be marketed to people who AREN'T hardcore obsessives? 


 Improved in the sense that he got on the field?  Can't wait to see what's in store for next year.  


You know Haley is just itching to go back to his two tight end sets because that worked so well before. 


i Love The Hate Vibe Everyone In My Family Is Giving Off Today  


 great more raiden    


Feelin like a million bucks, can't believe I got the pleasure of opening the factory today !  


 Oh wow, were you also the winning bidder of the   


My mom asked me what I want for Christmas and I said the 5SOS album and now she's confused because she can't find it 


   Because the Bible says you must be Catholic or you will be denied heaven, right? 


30 more mins &amp; I get to go to walmart with erika.  Wooooopdido. 



ball game. SEC wins one against an average big12 squad on the last play of the game. SEC is obviously the best 


Just so thankful to have my boyfriend in my life  


 "My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not." totally nailed it. damn you xD


Lol i think it's to hard for anything to go my way or work for me i have concluded that is is impossible.... Loving life so much 


That's house nrly cleaned completely!! I will b sorting the kids rooms out nxt that should b a fun job 


Definitely my mom loves me...           on a sea food diet. I see food. I eat it.   


Thanks  for getting my debit card compromised. Really really something I felt like dealing with.....


Aww my backroads are jacked up &amp; we have school. How sweet 


Well isn't that just the icing on the cake  


Seeing busted before they broke up. Cause that's cool. 


 nothing says satisfying more than aspirin, acetaminophen and caffeine... 


So guys are the buses running today? I can't tell because there's nothing on my twitter feed about it..    


 Sands looks more like a TE.  They should have hired Mark Leal instead. 


will this is really just a fabulous situation that we've got ourselves, ay?   ..tmoro night should be..interesting.


 It's such a hilarious question I may put it in a cracker... 


Do you have a job? Not yet. Do you pay bills? Not yet. do you live on your own? Not yet. So that makes life stupid. Not yet.  lol


 Elsberry has some classy broads, lemme tell ya! 


I dont think the arch in your drawn-on eyebrows is high enough. 


Not arsed about the game, i'm only going to hear the x factor winner sing at half time.





 oh just read original tweet. Hah. I can't see why a woman wouldn't appreciate this kind of constructive communication 


Good effort today spurs! Really gave that a go...  


  Yes, by all means turn off being an actual human being and just be a celebrity chef caricature. 


 makes you smarter and more creative. Sarcasm seems to exercise the brain more than sincere statements do:  oh so amazing moment when you can't sleep and you have plans tomorrow...  


Hmm. He must have dove so hard he gave himself a mild concussion, right?   at all those  people waiting on the Strong coaching decision:     


Guy: Is your husband afraid of you?
Me: I'm not married. Wait, why?
Guy: Because you look like you could be scary. 
Greeat!  


Windshield = |
Spring = (

This is how it's installed. (|

yeah i totally get that 




Q: What do you do when you have no weed, kief, or resin to smoke? A: You cry.   


Pointless Tweets From  Glad Your Here To "Help" I've Always Been Loyal Best Buy Customer  


Illness and essay marking at the EXACT same time. A delightful combination!  


  I like to troll my TL. I follow a lot of peeps who die for it. I just like playing them, but at the end of the day-


  great call on starting Jake Locker today guys 


These  make it so much easier to get up and go to the   


Everyone was right. Peterson has def lost a step &amp; shouldn't be playing today.  


    How about slash-proof gloves?  Someone might lose a finger.  


NOT ready for my 3rd exam tomorrow.   


My Brother: "Do u want me to shovel the snow?" Me: &lt; "No! Let's leave it and see if it will shovel itself." 


At least I was smart enough to get gas yesterday so I don't have to freeze my ass off doing it today  


 Yes because I'm totally jealous that you got 22 retweets.. Lol. 


Super excited for lunch bunch math is my favorite subject  


 Whew, good thing we're all clear on pass interference and roughing the passer flags. No problemo. Clear as day. 


     So, na who sabi cook we dey argue tonight? CR7 is better than Messi 


  What? Dereliction of duty? Nooooo  



Study:  job candidates may face discrimination in Republican states  Imagine my surprise. 


Word, the  isn't that important anyway - UK flooding: Environment Agency to cut hundreds of jobs  


 Drowning in self-loathing. But there is a sale at Kohls, so I guess things are looking up!! 


Who else is as excited as me for  on  :)    


 Because us gays are sexual deviants. We're clearly pervs who should be up for anything. 


Sometimes I look at people and think, "Seriously? This sperm has won?"  fucking love this shit ;o)


So this is the one weekend that we are off and we have company Christmas dinner in Pigeon Forge. Not gonna be busy up here at all 


Watching the Chiefs defense makes me wonder if I could have gone pro. I was 3rd team district in high school.  


Wow, you're really living the life...  


 well damn Debbie Downer. You're a delightful person aren't you? 


I don't understand. I broke my collarbone, two hours later I was boxing Mike Tyson...Sally.   


S/O to my professor for missing class Monday and telling us today we have an exam on Friday. Can't express my enthusiasm enough 


Ringing in the new year at O'Charley's    


All this crazy hard work.. I think is deserve some man crips!   know a bunch of useless facts. But God forbid if I ever  learn how to do this math problem!!!  


 terrific performance this evening, looking informed.... 


Loved the way on how you just casually decided to call me with my private nickname ''Basket'' without my permission  


 Actually, MMMBop is my wake-up jam.  


Taking this shit srsly and suddenly you ask a favor. HAY mom best timing ever and very sensitive ka telege 


 is going to the JT concert tonight.  I think she may be excited, but I can't really tell 


Oh good, one of my custom ear molds is broken.  


Thanks for ruining my day and not caring at all, I truly appreciate it  


If Lamela is worth 30 million quid. Andy Carroll looks a bargain at 35 mill! 


 Tramadol, codeine, ibuprofen, paracetamol and diclafenic. So not alot..! 


I hear there's a new app called "Sense of Humor". Pls download it 


 yeah I'll just go to chillis by myself with the money I don't have lol 


Some great great future therapists in my class. U all have the voice that make me wanna sleep during your speeches  


  if she is real, it's hard to imagine why she's a single mum... She sounds like a gem to be around!! 


I hope she hasn't slept with any more of your friends... Because then that'd just be awkward right? 


Nothing like buying new tires on a saturday morning... 


. BTW it's Wood Selig's fault that Bazemore's block wasn't ranked higher on SportsCenter 


So he's a winner?    he was apart of decision to draft Tebow in first round. That's all I need to know.


Magnussen...Perez?...Magnussen...Perez? Tough job working at McLaren! 


"I'm absolutely loving all the bandwagon MU and SKC fans on campus. 


  | so your leaving out sports stadiums? 


 Well he is better than everyone in STL and Missourah. People should be privileged to read him everyday. 


Is that Kansas waving the wheat?  I thought that was an Oklahoma State thing?  


It totally amazes me that the patriots are that good that they never hold! 


Oh look 90s graphics with 80s workout gear. How original, Miley.  


I just love how my dog takes up my whole bed 


 I hope they hire strong. His personality will be great for LHN.   he's had 1 great player at UL and bad losses each year.


      submitted by christine  don't worry they have JvR they'll be fine! 


So I guess it's safe to say you never loved me? Fantastic   


makes me looks pathetics,but i do pity 'em more....



 ahahahaha the ex teaching em in a good way  lol


If the  move, I'll never go to a game at Turner Field again. 


Can you tweet about 10 more times in the next 2 mins please...? 


And on top of this alarm and garbage....my throat hurts since I woke up....yay    -_____-


Man, thank goodness for the BCS!! I would HATE to have college teams play each other to see who would actually win a championship. 


I know it's Xmas, cheer and all, but eff those  rink staff. This replacement staff breeds winning ice! That was the problem! 


Might do a freestyle on drakes next single. No one ever murks his singles.  


 is funny, until someone uses it every time time they speak. Then it's just  because you can't take a person seriously.


Forgot how much fun crutches are!   


Aweeee!!!!! That is soooo saddddd   that's what that nigga gets ctfu


I love getting floor burns and bruises from volleyball practice 


oh I think so .__. RT"  She's surprised because police has found Eunhyuk's hacker, that's why 


 my rates went up a whopping $45 for 2014, not bc Obamacare, bc insurance companies...  devastating!! ( )


Love that my fantasy starts tearing it up for the loser's playoff bracket. 


 So your summary is "park properly?" Yeah, it's okay to beat people over a parking place!   


Wakefield to Manchester at 5pm by coach! Can't wait for journey! 


Nothing like a lineup   really have things organized   


I am always ready to go the extra mile for some special people only in the opposite direction tho...
 


Yeah I am going to learn every lesson possible on the sideline  


That's a max contract shot if I've ever seen one 


Thanks  for confirming my appointment for this morning and not showing up.    


Hearing yotes while walking outta the woods is very comforting 


Hay, whatever. Lets "enjoy" this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see this super duper exciting to the nth level double-header. 


What the world needs is more trivia. Let the Power Elite worry about those big complicated issues. 


 Bound 2 is video of the year  hahaha 


My year started with a fever, which is perfect. 


The irritating voice of my form teacher.. Can't wait 


I'm so glad I don't get to spend Thanksgiving with my family because of the Black Friday hours I have to work!  


"We're so rich,  we can have TWO bags of Tostitos open! "  


I fucking hate my orthodontist and thanks dad for standing up for me and having them take them off... 


One of the most surprising gift from the doctor.      is turning into a big disappointment. What a surprise! 


 there's the cheap shot from Orton. Totally didn't see that coming 


Couldn't tell by  ridiculous amount of retweets that UNCC beat Michigan.. 


Man. This Art Briles offense is really innovative. 


i love getting screwed out of time and money by  and     


I sure wish I could hear 20 secs of screeching violin every commercial break during the  Thanks,  and  


The wings losing in a shoot out? It just can't be  


  is the retard hand suppose to make you look cool? Think it's working! 


"She got a big booty so I call her big booty" OMG you're so creative do you want a cookie  


 :S Virus then. how silly of me to think you'd send me a request on facebook 


Car shopping with the boyfriend... Soooooooo exciting.  ( Joe Machens Capital City Ford Lincoln)             is a  I wrote about Fox News' War on Christmas -   


It's so irritating when people don't understand Sarcasm and come up with the reaction 'Really'... Ufff.. :/   


Everyone thinks I'm so many different races, probably cause I'm so sexy no one can fathom what I am 


Such a close game here, Celtic really have to up their game in this 2nd half  


Was good to see  was sober for once last night! 


Welp. Bad things happen in threes right? Can't wait to see what number three is.  


Cobb County just officially greenlighted the new Braves stadium in Cumberland.  Have you heard about this yet? 


It's a goooood thing I don't have bills to pay, paycheque. 


Lol good thing this keeps popping up when I need to use the internet    Christ u must be a right comedian then ! 


leaving my favourite place wales today for a few hours 


Jesus is a historical figure that was born in Africa and he's white? No way I'm a black man. 


 Yes, he's trying to loose his job.  


Ahhhh, they have identified AND resolved the issue, no problem here !!!!   Christmas Eve dinner my family is going to Red Lobster...how traditional  


 No worries people, they aren't much more than 3% of the population.   Do we need these morons running healthcare?


Dixie had the shits in her sleep last night. Today is gonna be awesome. 


Back to back plays players on my team fumble, that's how you win fantasy championships 


I want to know what mistletoe and tinsel have to do with the birth of Christ? Wait that's what Christmas is about? 


LOL always a  out there....   made me smile though... I appreciate    you try growing up with parents who speak in parable and see how far you get in life. 


Spent my first day of 2014 watching chick flicks. I can already tell this is going to be a great year 


 At least I'm seeing your face tomorrow! Have you found a time you can squeeze me in to your schedule yet? 


  Hiring a senior programmer, but no junior ones? You don't say. That NEVER happens. 


   thanks for stopping and saying hey  


I swear the world is out to get me. Another thing to add to my list is that my car won't start now. Awesome! 


Heading to work until midnight, then home to sleep for five hours, and back to work for nine hours tomorrow.  


Posted: Freelance job with estimated duration of 5 hours. Good job. You know what you're doing &amp; you're helping me out immensely. 


Christmas Eve was so successful I got a blanket, $20, and my brother couldn't make it because he had to work. 


Supposed to be working a party of 40 with 2 others servers. Only 7 people are here.....    


Scarlet Letter Test(Quaterly) tomorrow...the joy I'm feeling right now is unbelievable


 man Canada sold a ton of homes last month didn't they? 


Because always posting about smoking and shit makes you the COOLEST.  


Thank all those guys that hurt a bunch of girls and make it real hard for them to open up again to a real man, who has respect. 


 Congratulations. You're worshiping a genius. 


Jr Smith with the start tonight, I now guarantee a win tonight  


Can't wait to jump in a cold pool at 7 at night 


Is there school tomorrow or not? Cause Im clueless  


I am so glad to see that women have evolved from being considered sexual objects. Thanx Kesha for propelling us forward.  


It's a balmy -17 here in Green Bay today. Man do I love Wisconsin weather! Yeah!!!   think you want some of this?! Come at me, bro!

*my pick up line with black guys

  


Seen on twitter today that  seems to have made a come back, soo I'm going to recommend  as one to follow. 


Having WiFi that works all over the house is so nice  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 Ramsey: expect the state authorizer bill next year. // ode to joy  


End of the year, time to vote for the worst actor / movie and worst singer / album! Let's vote folks 


 don't you know that in the USA, we hate you once you make a mistake.  


 A tyrant whose Tenure numerous political assassinations took place is now accusing another of having a killer squad. 


 You say that like it's a bad thing. Golden Corral is TOTALLY safe... 


spent 4 hours in the  last nite and only 15 mins of that was spent wit the  that was time well spent 


   Hey, he's on his way to single-handedly bring peace to Palestine!   He's all OVER this stuff!  




Well I'm shocked. That's why Suarez is my fantasy team captain this week 


 and it's been up a full 3 months! Should be perfect by now 


 As we all know, you can't post something on the internet that isn't true, right? 


Gee Youtube, great idea to replace your scrollable subscription list with only the first 17 subscriptions 


Shout out to Haley for not going to school tomorrow and making me be stranded there alone, much love.  


Since you been gone awesome singers here at karaoke lol 


Slept like crap and had a horrible nightmare  


Don't you just love it when people schedule important things on days that already have important things?  


Wow, I am so glad a dump truck flung a rock at my windshield and cracked my windshield.   


This week at work has been rough. Two whole days. How am I still alive? I'm being worked to death. 


Thanks for slapping in my face how lucky you are. I feel loads better -___- 


Looking forward to seeing friends at the YMCA this week that I haven't seen in the last 11 months  


 i believe it is miller and derbyshire at  


That is beyond fucked up. Nice to see how much people care. 


Working a trillion hours and getting asked to pick up more... Not like I had plans or anything! This is fun!  


Oh, that's smart. Get rid of zero tolerance policies in schools. Make bullying even more of a problem.  
 these days always playing with technology not engaging in the real world      car, this is the perfect time for you to break down. 




 Air ball by Jabari? Jazz better start winning, I can't stand air balls..  


Touched down in SA, TX. The most entertaining city ever 


 nope.. bas quality bata raha hun apni.. :P 


 yup, that's not photoshop, it's from a convo I had a few weeks ago, I'm still laughing about it.. 


so I just can't wait to sit home alone and count down the new year by myself. 


So we have no way of washing our clothes :) yay. 


Whats the point of a clear backpack? There is no way to conceal a weapon in that.   




 amazing run on Bovada! Poker is easy, like printing money. No need to worry abt future!  plz listen to 


Yeah go down to the tunnels. That's a brilliant idea.  


Good thing I'm always wide awake at this time of night   


Guess I'm gonna have to operate with no sleep tomorrow... Should be fun!  


lol ya me too....RT   woo hoooo I was really worried it would stop 


Tired but my parents are in a show and I have to talk to them so I get to stay up until they get home! Yay!!!  


As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools
 


all this time I was thinking whats In on the planner? Turns out its fucking late night. YES.  


 Want kushal back in what? A biased show? Where the host takes sides, insults "his" babu?   


Museum of Natural History probably won't be crowded tomorrow, will it?   


Flying home with like ten school football teams on my plane, oh joy 


No but I mean thank GOD there's a calc test first period...


 Everyones favourite concentration camp pioneer, on a coin at long last! 


Ozzy Osbourne just came out and said that it looks like Rob Ford is using too many substances to do his job effectively.  


Hahahahahahaha didn't see that one come  


 Just ignore it.. pay attention to on going issues we engage thru 


 well this isn't going to be at all degrading 


 Heat losing again wow what  a shocker 


YEAHAW! They've lost 10 straight,and may not get the number1 pick BUT IT"S A HOUSTON TEXAN TOUCHDOWN!!!  


Someone reported my fb account as a "fake account" or "impersonation". Hahaha. Yeah....I'm impersonating myself...haha   


The feeling of recovering from a terrible hangover and your boss bugs you about the collection is great! Just great! 


Editing for five hours straight and many more to go! Yay!!!!   really loved at work today, it's such a shame I couldn't go McDonalds :( 


I was diagnose with a Stomach Flu... How lovely&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


  with the best pair of laughs I've ever heard! 


 sometimes it takes that long for the trauma to set in. 


and loving the late afternoon meetings where no one knows whats going on and is aruging about everything  *bangs head on wall*


Clearly they need to disarm citizens.  MT  New jersey sounds loverly: Mothers fed up with violence   I don't see why you'd want to. I mean it's not like it's important is it? 


It's a balmy 0 degrees in Harrisburg right now  


 

"Battles of wits with people who meet sarcasm with sarcasm instead of being offended are your favorite hobby."


I always love when the back door is standing wide open when I get home 


Oh, my. This   is so  &amp;  Cause the    isn't.    Which will be fun!Sober pregnant woman around drunken bums then come home to another drunken bum! 


My mom just told me that she's gonna call me at 6 a.m. to wish me a happy birthday. Mom, I wish you would!  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 And their strategies have worked SO well so far...


 we rebuilt....we're a proud race. Lovely town lovely people   


  Amazing that cancer screenings &amp; free wellness checks would be so popular? 


Love being alone in my apartment on Friday nights    


I shot a 9 mm and a 38 over 2 hours ago, and my ears are still ringing  


Sounds like morale in TNA is super swell right now. 


Well, this is just great. Fantastic actually. So sooo greaaaaaat. 


 at least we still have wholesome shows like 16 and pregnant to watch.. 


 lol  x I know you though so thgt I'd just check ;-) lol ner ner x


Working at Starbucks is just the most fun filled thing 


Midnight bowling cause ya know I'm awesome at bowling!!! 


   I think Johnny Football has proven that he's a total angel. 


this is  last game handling the  account i assume 


Clearly Dom Capers has adjusted the  run D. He's such a great coach who knows how to scheme &amp; make adjustments.  


lmao because the first thing we notice is what kinda draws the nigga is wearing. 


I love how josue photobombs me and my main in my picture  


 only need 3 more field goals to win.   


So happy to be spending my Saturday morning getting CPR /AED re-certified! 


im so achy i couldn't sleep last night and i have to leave church early for work TODAYS GOING TO BE A WONDERFUL DAY 


I'm thankful that  just ruined that painting  


if my  confuses you its because youre stupid.


Good thing I studied for this bio exam I'm about to take 


I wish someone would tweet if  was fantastic or not. 


Done with court no drinking for 2 months... Should be a great semester break


Thanks Michael Boateng, you make me proud to be a Ghanaian 


People seriously think one of these two SEC teams should be in the national title game?  


Pullin all nighters when ya gotta work the next day &gt;&gt;&gt;  


Hmmm. Facebook is functioning better in Google Chrome than in Internet Explorer. Who knew?!   


Ah yes. Newcastle &amp; Aston Villa...both clubs who have so much recent success that they can play the stiffs in the  cup 


  Yeah Loggains was bad with his penalties and drops. 


I love waking up to a nice and warm 55 degree house!   


I'm excited for the next person on my timeline to post an argument about the white poppy. Heard plenty of support for them  


I can't express how much I love seeing Christmas ornaments and people's gifts through Instagram 


 Have fun my friend! Be extra loud! Have to break the sound record!  


GO FOLLOW ME AND  GIRL  ON INSTA GOTTA GET HER TO 150 FOLLOWERS 


 " Another great day at work... hate my job" lmfa aww can't be that bad .(u dont know tha half of it lol)


Pats fans showing respect for Welker  


Chillin like a villain bored as fuck. Great way to spend a Friday night.  


i asked a girl to show me where the lord spilt her and she showed me all her personalities  


TOMMY CREAN EVERYBODY! He knew an offense foul was coming. What a genius 


    It Is 
Little Johnny is a champ 


  can't move for Bulgarians though...



I'm not calling you a slut, I'm calling you a penny. Because you're two-faced, worthless, and in everybodys pants.
 


This visit to my work is gonna be the best 


 thanks, because of course I actually thought you were contemplating SU quitting a college football game. 


I love when people fall asleep texting me.  


Gee I did not know how important I was that people would actually take so much time and energy for me... why how thoughtful... 


Good thing I dressed to impress today  


 Duly noted... I ran out of room to insert the  hashtag


ESPN is pushing the SEC agenda to the point of absurdity. Can't have anything to so with launching the SEC network next yr? 


I can't explain how sorry I am that I don't please you. I'm so sorry that I don't center my life around what you think is right. 


Hope calling someone a "fag, faggot, gay, c*unt" etc. makes you feel better about yourself at the end of the day 


I love rereading my twitter feed 3000 times. 


Yeah ponderholics ponder is sooooo great....   


How does  say Merry Christmas? By having their fuel at 158.9c/l :) thanks guys! 


can I LIVE???? sheesh.. this is not a question nor am I askn for permission.  btw I shudve listened to those rumors.  


Just one more lazy taker trying to live off the hard work of hard working Americans...   


What a great day this is turning out to be. 


I feel like a younger version of  haha i love  can help it!!


I just love sitting home alone all weekend it's great 


Friend: "Whats a good movie?" Me: "Snakes on a plane" Friend: "Whats it about?" Me: "Horses... horses on a boat"


I'm having such a wonderful day today that I'm looking into having a few teeth extracted as a quick pick me up. 


Excited to load the car at 430 AM in this warm weather    it's no big deal...I didn't care anyway!  


The protestors from  q&amp;a  today from said they "put their bodies on the line?" Sure. That was really dangerous.  


Wait...Les Miserables ISN'T set during the French Revolution? Wow. Just wow. 


  you're just the coolest guy around.  (;  


 That pic of Matt is not photoshopped at all 


Can't believe an Urban Meyer coached team can't keep their composure. 


     you have a tough life David. I feel sorry for you. 


great job on the 2hr delay this morning  conditions are horrible out there 


  May Cause Bank  (      


Oooh the weather looks gorgeous today! How I love being whipped by the wind and drenched at the same time  


 stop It. you know that New Years 2 years ago was a blast.  haha


Definitely not going to sleep early because of the new curfew  is enforcing.  


It's always awesome when a table doesn't tip you and steals your pens.  thanks ladies.  


Ahh pay freeze for the working class and a possible pay rise for mp's, definitely fair that one  


Woof. Happy Thanksgiving indeed. I'm here less than 20 minutes and crazy German psycho caller calls twice. Joy... 


 No, I totally grew up thinking he was black. 


Way to go, Twitter. Making your most vulnerable users unable to fully take advantage of your service is SUCH a great idea. 


Yes, please do play all  pop songs since 1960, I'm not annoyed the least. 




This is something EVERY  owner likes to see.  It's a 3 year-old  running    spent 9:10 11/12/13 by typing a paper for Econ. What a memorable moment. 


    probably not legal, placing it left takes up car park, which we can't have 


I slept until past 2pm today. Can anyone say DEPRESSION?    


I was there for you two from day one. When you needed advice, I was there. This is how you repay me? True friend you are. 


Flat tire! Rain! Maypop tire! 55 Miles Per Hour! Getting passed by a school bus! Late For Work! I think 2014 is gonna be my year 


 You aren't on script.  AA is bankrupt only because of the economy and fuel costs. Not labor unions and mgmt. 


Taco Bells sign: "welcome to the funnest place in town" 
Dad: Man, That was a blast! 



In GGG dominance in HBO's mind of the middleweight division, GGG puts his "undefeated" record up against tough Osumanu Adama.  


i can't wait for all the drama she might start tomorrow! 
uff. can i disappear.


 is considered extremely healthy for the mind.


 Oh ya that a vote of confidence from my hosting provider.  


me: im on leave on fri!wanna come over?my house offers free wifi! friend: omg yeah how could i resist such an attractive incentive. 


So pumped for school tomorrow! I don't know why everyone is being so NEGATIVE about it.  


Well I sure am getting a good nights rest knowing the guy I liked and thought liked me back has a gf and just uses girls  


Sitting in a waiting room with 4 pregnant women while waiting to discuss if you need infertility meds is FUN! 


Thanks for the awesome signal today Verizon. 


 hmmmm makes no sense why they can't reach him 


Supposed to meet my beefer in Alveston for a fight aha     


I don't need anyone to text me it's ok.  


Guys getting picz with hooters waitresses  


Punchy stuff: Spare A Thought For The Sex Tourists Caught Up In The Philippines       


People are acting like it hasn't been this cold in 40 years..      


The third largest contract to a 30 year old second baseman. I don't see how this backfires. 


I need to start using more often as it seems people have trouble reading my mind from my texts  


Like I am super lucky that I get the best host family for the next semester 


Having John Kerry, Chuck Hagel and Susan Rice in key security positions sure makes me feel warm and fuzzy. 


Hahaha. Actually Medvedev's question was pure  "Russia Hopes Its YotaPhone Worries Apple"  much fun getting up at 6 in the morning  


Wait! Did catching fire come out last night?! OMG guys why didn't anyone tell me!! 


I love cars! Especially ones that can only be entered through the passenger door exclusively! Like mine!    


I would love to see more pictures of  what a cm of snow looks like as I've completely forgotten since April. Thanks   


With how much you stereotype people, you should totally be a part of airport security.   


Yes, because we all need a little more House Wifes of Beverly Hills 


If you want to find a prince, you're supposed to kiss a frog. Not fuck the whole pond 


  Yea I don't think he would just up and leave after 1 year for greener grass.   


 Lol nooooo what are you talking about?! My pants are fine! 


Seems like a great day to drive halfway across Alberta.    must have been the whole going to the BCS title game that swayed him away from rutgers....  


  it's okay I totally forgive you. Obviously basketball is better than hockey 


Me &amp;&amp; Princeton been knocked out.. He's still asleep tho.. Yayy! Just so he can keep me up all night 


Our coach put on the work out sheet "The Life Crusher...How Bad Do You Want It" as our Friday workout.....I can't wait :) 



   No snow here, AND it's above freezing!!


Another holiday season SINGLE...I'm so excited!!! 


Lol Kansas is  in the county. First time since 1745 


 Without a doubt we are the best 4-8 team in the country.  


love being at home by myself when it's potentially becoming a tornado outside 


2014 has been off to a fantastic start!  Just where 2013 left off.


Nintendo's online service wasn't letting people register accts efficiently? You mean non-Obamacare servers can overload too? Whoa...


 delighted to hear we won. Sounds like a good one to miss  ..... Just leaving HOC a free man  house expenses


     Well then...as a Blackhawks faithful I may need consider this!! 


Gotta be up and ready by 730 to start my Black Friday shift.  


You cant be bothered to listen. Oh thats lovely. 

 Justin Bieber


 it's tastes like BBQ sauce slathered on cardboard. MMM MMMM. 


Printer/scanner driver finally updated so now magically working again after about 3 months.  Thanks HP! 


 It should make for interesting dinner conversation. 


 and  abound in Malaysian parliament sitting... serious lack of intelligent arguments


Just saw  ad abt  show. Seriously the part of international media coverage. They never realised  . Ops


Excellent display today in losing  5-1 to Cleator Moor . Two goals disallowed ??    


All these games leading up to the game of the century
The  



 wtf is oman, we have never heard of it, does it have a population more than 5? 


2013 has been a good year, paul walker died, fifa shit, exams, no snow, boring weekends, Nelson Mandela died etc, 2013 = amazing 


Thank you for the 750am final ISU. Really appreciate it   


 I see the short in-goal wasn't a problem 


Just remembered I still have a mountain of admin. I am so filled with joy over this, gonna switch off the movie right now! 


Good luck girls and boys in Cook County!   But seriously good luck! 


Yes, guy, I did want to listen to you whistle on the bus! How did you know?!   


...making of a mainstream film starring Tom Hanks, 1 of the biggest names in Hollywood? A true disgrace to cinema if I ever saw 1! 


Looks like Champion Baptist could use some talent. Better lace up the kicks.      newest DJ Toyota radio commercial ..always so classy. 


Oh, you cheated on your beautiful girlfriend with a hoe that looks like Chewbacca? Good choice.  


 call teddy i heard he wants to go running 


Video: A million styles boxing. the best boxing channel on youtube      you just love it when you miss the bus to work    


Im SO thrilled Im being followed by SARCASM.   its their first game this year!!!!!  what about indy (regulation only)


Going out on the town Saturday!   


  Was that  Hard to tell with you sometimes. If you'd watch the show you'd know


  sure it wasn't just some classic  


I love when people volunteer me for things  


Way to fix the problem Oakley Chevrolet. Good job  


Yeah Drake, you really started from the bottom. I was just in Woodbridge and it's shit.   Get your head outta your ass.


You seriously ruined my christmas and my day thank you. 


State the obvious in a monotonous voice and call me a rapper...e.g. YOLO -.- 


Running into your ex boyfriends mother is always fun 


Pizza, book, and Charmed.   Woah big night!  


Cleverly and Henderson is on guys, don't worry we'll defo get a goal now..... 


 I'm so glad you don't air those grievances year round. 


At the French Baker. Wow my day was sooo nice!! 


Beer time at Bro D's  . Try the happyhr mead bucket and wings 


Well if Eklund said it, it was has to be true  


Ok. This is when I hate  !!!  Have we not sorted out the rain issues yet? Didn't want to see the end of the game anyway. 


 every pantyshot are there to be jerked off it seems. No, panties are the anti-Christ that shall forever be purged. 


Ah! So then no way Valerie Jarrett could possibly have anything to do with that, right?  


Second biff of the year  ...so happy I had a crowd to watch 


Birds of a feather and Benidorm back to back. ITV you're spoiling us     


Surprised they let Toni Colette keep her Australian accent. Bold Hollywood, bold.  


Thanks  for recommending a channel that only features shows translated to Spanish. Just what I need. 


 and I am going to shut up on twitter now because you asked me too.   


Jamaal Charles obviously has held back our offense. Trade him.   


 thank you....soooo much for buying Libby season 7 of Full House on DVD!  She's taken over the living room! 


Cool well dont answer.  its not like I love you or anything.  


Thank you, housing office, for telling me I needed to do that instead of sending me a scary letter. 


I feel overwhelmingly self confident when my two year old points at me and says "ewwwww".   


Cool. That just adds to my already amazing day. 


 I sure my friend whose ten-year old daughter died of cancer is greatly comforted that there's some unknowable purpose. 


"I wasn't that drunk" Dude, you ran up to a tree yelling, "Look how big this piece of broccoli is!"   


Good to see that Rough Copy are gracious  


 yea so diff than any other post game W 


Hey! I can go to Walmart after I stuff my face on  I can get my exercise fighting the crowds! 


I'm glad I got to talk to you this week  


Love stumbling across retweets from the cunt my ex cheated on me with 


 there's an Anchorman 2? Why haven't I seen anything about it?   


I guess u can say im a natural athlete. And im sexy AF! There is a bright future in store for me!   


I love all the "friends" I have. Its great really. 


Cuomo - Says he loves to talk to Albany-based reporters because they are so nice and optimistic.  


 When someone I dont know with no tweets posts me a link with explanation. Yeah, I gonna jump right on clicking THAT link 


Causal Friday.  Gotta love going to work on a Friday.   wants to get snowed in with friends? Not me I want to be stuck at home with my dad all day if anything.... 


I love having a radio that barely works on this 7 hour drive   


I love trying to drive in a blizzard when the roads aren't plowed, thanks for plowing all mighty  plow company... 


Wow.. Pawe Kuczyski makes everybody's point     guys I think schools cancelled not sure though. 


That pretentious overzealous douchebag George Zimmerman is arrested on felony assault charges......shocker.....


The flurries have started! Just 5 hours more until the flight home.   Wells Fargo Advisors  yes, he's a man of his word. Full of integrity.... 


great... soon were gona be payin more taxes  


 UN-Freaking-believable interview by Jameis!! Just shows part of the reason why he's SPECIAL! Edgy  from 


Shout out to Daka for knowing how I like my salad dressing: with some salad and crutons in it 


 Andy Murray torn ACL.....still a first round pick! 


Glad to see that the  in  are out in full force... 


A two dollar bill is still a couple dollars...Wooow I didn't know that.. 'case y'all didn't know


Whenever I see the handicap door is still open, it makes me feel like god is holding the door open  


You mean not at altitude? NO WAY  RT  Matt Prater now 24 of 25 in FGs this year. He's 12 of 12 on the road


  I think u forgot ur fav act IT Section-66A. Nw we all went to jail for making a tweet against you.



  Who needs to have good taste in a simple email when you can total embarrass someone in front of their audience? 


Claude on  performance: "He was terrible, two goals, one assist." 


Found out he was bi. Well that makes me feel soooo much better.  -.-   


Don't you just love the play-by-play of my illness?   love watching match of the day with my dad and bro  


I have to run the 5000 meter within an hour of the 1000 meter? What kind of scheduling is that?   


Asked my sis if she watches  she said no but heard that someone died by getting neck snapped. Is that what  do? 


   But the SEC is *SO* LOADED it shouldn't matter, right? 


  That makes sense, right where our payroll is. 


Thanks mom, for making my orthodontist appointment at 8:45 tomorrow morning. 


i am having the worst day ever , and it's all because of my mom . thanks mom , you are definitely the best mom out there . 


I just love watching Iowa State throw their games away..


 I'm sure the pens are very happy to have that guy as a fan 


 wow never seen the see meet sand before. Like everr 


 RT  You were all negative with Schiano, now the day they announce his hire you want to swing the negative to Lovie?!


 it's Joe Schad, so we know his sources are reliable 


Delays on the Red Line? noooo.  MT  METRO ALERT: Signal problems on the red line at Tacoma Park


 It works in  but not in the  but have you seen &amp; listened to  lately?  catches up with you 


Leadership + Management - Ron Burgundy Style via     


 You hear the rumor that Narduzzi hopped aboard the team flight and is meeting with Wake Forest today? 


Liverpool are disgraceful get Joe Allen on t Fuck and win the game!! 


 I would but I color outside the lines....I'm horrible 



 you don't want money, fame, glory, mostly money come back to the Riders   


Today has already started off on a high note    


Oh man it's snowing so hard. Good thing we cancelled all after school activities.  


 At least its marked "OLD".  Those files never end up in production. 


Let me enjoy my break my sitting on my butt snap chatting. Lol happy break 


I've started using my disadvantage to my advantage. 


Emotions - as if sexual attraction isn't enough to fuck up our lives.          


Watching the 1989 version of Batman w/  means I get to listen to him recite every line just before the actors do.  


The greatest comic writers have an ability to straddle that line on the side of funny  


 yeah, you're right. We came from primordial slime by accident. Why? Because a brazillion years. 


I love waking up to text alerts telling me that Tunkhannock has cx school.  


 I mean, that's really all I'm looking for. 


Because nothing solves shortages like price controls ...




Phone issues = starting all over! No contacts, no numbers so pissed! I think my back up file has been corrupted! Thanks technology 


 i thought the supreme court decided racsim was over. 


Taking forever to get off this flight from   


i got a crush on someone that's DEFINITELY not out of my league  


oh how I love to be delayed for 2 hours....... 


 what? You mean it wasn't North Greenville? Color me shocked!  


 meg remember you have to follow me back to show everyone how famous (sassy) I am!  


Go ahead and explain I wanna her your excuse .. 


Finally found the virus that's been fucking with my google chrome for a year. Well done, Norton, thanks for picking that one up! 


 god Craig, spoilers much??? I will just stay home instead then! 


 c'mon everyone knows that getting punched in the head doesn't cause a concussion 


ohhh i had an unfollow!! sorry if my depressed tweets made u leave...


Oh dear! Forgot to fill my tank tonight. Thats R6 down the drain! 


D'Antoni when asked if Kobe dunked his 1st practice: "Two 360s and he threw the ball off the side of wall and dunked it one time" 


And here comes that ole' disappointment swing again.  


Saban is gonna leave the SEC with a .500 career record against Auburn. What a legend 


  that dont work       mom


 I must admit I'm a bra-stuffer..... However it usually falls down my shirt and doesn't stay   


  bring in Zhitnik as conditioning coach 


I think I'm pregnant I haven't had my period since last year....    


 I love being the bad child in my fam   this is my life 


Just had a very enjoyable half hour looking through the Lakeland catalogue.. Why I'm single really is a mystery to me..  


Things you learn from car rides with dad: he used to be a street fighter.   


 I believe Snow should be responsible but as long as he has pictures and video of Wang he is safe. 


 OOOHH, that clears it right up, thank you for that  


Just... waiting for bed time. So much fun  


people never watch what they say on the internet nowadays. so bold!




 28 SHOTS AND ONLY 5 GOALS  Brilliant... now that's  !!!


 ah yes don't you love having to "qualify" for that kinda shit. I'm sure you're a secret millionaire and that's why 


" Next up on    take on   and  Spoiler 3MB lose. 


color commentator at the Military Bowl is a big B1G fan. 


Can't even say smoking cigarettes make you look cool, cus you know  is the best life. 


 that cinches it, MS paid EA/DICE to make sure that there are online issue son the PS4 version.... 


Hitting my toes on the diving board is always fun.....   


 So true. You just can't make that stuff up! 


Wow my bf is bringing up that there's no female sport analysts on TV. Lol shocking  


   because I really thought you meant "dick that" 


I've had a headache since I woke up and I never get headaches so I have a feeling im gonna be very ill soon yayy 


 you mean your in America? ... No way! i would of never of known. My newsfeed isn't clogged at all   


My car won't start now I no my day is going to be great! 


 Well it's a good thing you gave up your Heisman ballot already! 


S/O to  for being a great best friend -__-  


Anyway, welcome back Hornigold. Ya had a long break. 


 There is literally nothing to see there. 


 so happy this appeared on my news feed....


the kids are still asleep and I've been up for three hours. gotta love the weekends!



 Oh ok, I'll just hop into one of my Bentleys and take my private plane over to America. Come on. 


Treat a girl like a princess &amp; she'll dump ur ass, Treat a girl like a whore &amp; she'll love u forever!   


The darker the curry is the spicer it gets. The same goes with women the darker we are the spicier we are. ;)   


Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them. 


This is going to be a very interesting conversation with my dad!   


Day 5: Weather. Whoop woop.         Christmas parties are always such a joy. 


People think my  posts are weird. They should read my  feed. 150 word limit seems to invoke creativity with  


Tired, didn't do homework &amp; I have practice today! 
 


 pick up coffee pot pour into cup then serve! That is hard to do! 


  I didn't know mizzou had a juggernaut of a defense hahah 


Loving this weather. I knew I should of moved to the arctic 


This textbook is explaining how to make an instrument that the Amerindians used in their music... Cuz that's what we're tested on 


 Oh like anyone had ANY idea it would snow, in November! I mean you can't blame them, it's been 20+ degrees today 


Well another long day of studying! My life is great! I love it. 


I feel wonderful this morning! Thank you sooooo much!!!! 


Late on the first day. Woot woot. Progress. 


North Carolina. Cold and Rainy, just the way I like it  


Let's all vent on social media because that's what really helps in life 


"You're welcome Corporal Commonsense!"    


Whole class has issues with a take home. Yeah okay prof is it's not you. 


Boy I hope Notre Dame can rebound from that grueling Navy game last week and play a star studded awesome Pittsburgh team. 


Been watching the darts all week. Glad I was at 2 kids party's today and missed one of the all time matches!!  


 wait, is that considered a great policy?  Not one of those junk policies I've heard about?  


 but sure feels that way, especially with gold miners down at 52-wk lows, actually at 5-yr lows $GDX $GDXJ $NUGT $JNUG $GLD $SLV


See whAt happens when u challenge Chip? Amazing huh? 


  gosh go play candy crush or did you already beat all the levels 


 if you have forgotten Nepali all you have written is Nepali except 


You have the power of 9 bitches. Wow, you're strong as Haiyan. 


 So sad about the  loss.
 cc: Mr playoffs?


 that's because he's a "Liberal" so he must have not meant any harm by it. Liberals are tolerant and not bigots. 


Finally! I get to text and do homework during chapter now!  


Glad  came to play today... Putting up a great effort  


     hahahaha naw bro nard love that type of stuffi think he is pretty good at it lol


At Bahama breeze! I always get a chill in there. I don't know why lol      


Well Im finally back home. Had an awesome time down south, but I kinda missed the snow.. haha 


24.000 tweet, I don't used to write a lot, but...  


  I GET TO SEE YOU AGAIN SOON!!!!!! I'm not excited at all!!!! 


When you have to write an essay all of a sudden everything else seems more important/exciting...like closing your apps  


Thanks  Called because you sold me a saw missing parts and you tell me to call the manufacturer. Thanks!  


Elena is reevaluating our friendship Im shook 


Didn't realize Terry Porter got promoted to the NFL?  


I wish the announcers would let us know if Tyner was a true freshman.   


   lol u had so much faith in Brittany 


 I don't look at other languages because C is the superior one. 


At least it's warming up -32 isn't too bad right now.  


can't believe McClellin didn't see Rodgers' red jersey.....


  perhaps you mean only well-funded companies will keep making "innovative" EHRs 


Any teams want to interview and eventually hire Jim Caldwell? I HIGHLY recommend it! 


Good thing Florida State played so many tough teams this year so they can come back.... 


Great idea TV commercial! I'll buy everyone cars &amp; trucks for Christmas this year! I'll buy one for myself too while Im at it! 


 Funny how they need the private sector to fix a gov program. Maybe the private sector knows how to run a business.....


Bout to go help my headahh mom w this stupid ahh Christmas tree bc I love her so muchhhh 


Cutting healthcare transfers to Ontario, while increasing transfers to Alberta should go over well.  


 Man...I'm glad they extended Burnett so he's not part of free agency... 


My day just keeeps getttinnnnggg bettter&amp;better. 




Well, aren't I festive???    plasticring    very bad at creating rumors and spreading them to the person they're about 


   A meat Puppet with broken strings or a holy sock puppet 


Aaron Rodgers will be back by the time we play em..  


 - the witty have fun. Thestupid don't get it


I feel for the shoppers who can't find the energy to return their carts and must leave them in the middle of the parking lot... 


  all that clawing my way through my theology degrees finally pay off - with that one app!  


If Wheel of Fortune does not come on...I am going to be mad!!     waking up at 830 on the weekends   


Mikhail Kalashnikov  -The inventor of AK-47 has died today but his work will be remembered by  in  .


I'm so glad that I can be replaced so easily 


 my dream come true on the one thing I love so much  lolol


 It's nice to know we won't have to worry about a new  due to global warming  


Obama's deal w/Iran is like letting a pedophile run a daycare because he'll see the beauty of kids and that will change him. 


 because the very same white Aussies saying that came from this very land... no? 


 My level of nakedness&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

    


Before you marry a person you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are  


Oh, my day will be filled with precious things, like making a goose costume.  


It's lunch time ladies, let's gets a salad   hahaha skinny hoe


  is so, so, soooooo funny.      


Yes radio, a breakup song is exactly what i needed. 


My first REAL all-nighter complete. I was sick before, but now I am super sick. Yay!  The countdown is now 3 more papers to write!


Remember kids, everyone is an idiot except you  


With a new coach on the way in, I hope the browns go to a 4-3 defense. I mean makes sense according to this FO  


Think I'll live tweet my dissertation formatting today. Stay tuned for exciting updates  


 lol we are billionaires didn't u know?? We play music. Lol 


 haha. I'm sure that guy knows what he is talking about 


 aw you're missing the blizzard?? You poor thing... 


Head ache, sore throat, cough, and congestion. Just what I wanted before basketball starts! 


instead going 4th, were down to sixth, well done. 


Make sure you upload a photo of all your presents you wrapped guys, coz everybody needs to see ok. OK? 


Well now you all know my life, exciting!            Better than wasting on water cannons??  You are just saying this because you get it easily


Wow these teen mom 3 girls are real classy...  


Awesome...ill be in singapore for just over two days and it will be raining the entire time. That is so great.  


" have to admit that me and  are so attractive in the morning   speak for yourself I'm stunning


Drill baby Drill; I hate Windmills and I don't give a damn about your medical bills   boyfriend's idea of a cute note involves an organic chemistry reaction....    


Your compassion is what's so endearing about the Republican Party.   


Can't win for losing. Stoked about this fantastic day ahead of me today. 


It's my favorite when I come back to my room and it smells like a marijuana plantation that's been burning for 30 years.  


Any school or government closings tomorrow?       


 thanks to libtards in  we get to be abused by    


  lol i'm Canadian....not from Pella.....ur smart.....


When my girlfriend doesn't message back... yeah thats the shit I love 


" Stupid humans. I am a creation from Bibidi. 

Oh yeah. Makes /so/ much more sense.




 Oh and the highlight of Brooks' day: He put $1 in soda machine and got two. Free soda?! CALL TMZ you are onto something! 


Successful day. Bought my books. Went to breakfast. And crashed my car. all in this stupid arctic tundra 


 amen and hallelujah! Big moment in your life. You'll never forget that one second as long as you live. 


Thanks everyone who posted a photo of their weather app today. Thanks to u I wouldn't have realized how cold it was.   


  Seeing a lot of talk about the great job the Auburn announcers are doing on CBS today.


I love knowing how many pack of smokes you go through in one day by your returned paperwork. Really. It helps me know you better. 


Love it when all the adults rely on me to drive everywhere just because i have Red P's    


this =.= RT by the way, dont tell me we have to delete hanbin's selca too? 


You look around annnnd no one is there for you.  


Glad to know I have a boyfriend that gives a crap to talk to me... 


It is always a great game when the Dolphins and Jets play. 


 Dude, look at my Twitter bio.    


Oh look.  Its dark and grey outside. And its snowing.  Oh joy!   


My awesome work boots        with the mother and gran today. Oh how i can't wait 


 yea but.. Emma Roberrrrts new mooviieeee... Come oooohhooonn!! :P  


Off the lows. But Dow and S&amp;P still finished in red. 4 days of losses in a row. Market is worse than the '62 Mets and 2008 Lions! 


I love how the school taxes I pay go up every year, and I don't even have kids. Totally fair. 


My mom is always in such a pleasant mood when she cleans.  


 Damn it Krechi!!! why do you have to have feelings!!!




Tim Tebow Master Collection of cards coming soon!   it


There's nothing better than waking up this early bc my moms talkin mad loud on the phone 


Don't you just LOVE being blamed for slow Internet when you're the only tech-savvy member of the family? I sure do! 


Gotta love gettin called out on ya day off  


Thank you SO much Eric for acknowledging my hard work! Best coach EVER!     thinking about what you can run with what we have.  Maybe go reckless, and bring jailbreak blitzes? 


My scar is aching and pulsing and it's just the best feeling ever  


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                  


The best part of a 6 hour car ride is when it's actually 9 hours...    


Obviously that goal was Niemis fault; he shouldnt have had his leg under the Predators player.  


At least my boss is understanding. My shift started at 6:30am. Way to make a great second day impression :)



Info not factored into line!  MT  Rivers wearing Bolo tie. When Philip wears Bolo tie on the road, Chargers undefeated.


On page 18 of 391 of Catching Fire, by Suzanne Collins: Page 18 of 172. I have progressed loads!   the  has been handing out millions and contracting companies that have ties to terror groups? I'm shocked!    


  a good  for you guys would be to stop dying your hair. It looks like horse food ( 


Some people are such bundles of joy, it makes you feel glad to be alive!    


Sit down to work: check. Immediately spill an entire cup of tea all over the kitchen table and floor: check. Yep, so far so good 


Coaching battle who you got? Doc Rivers or Jason Kidd! Hahaha  


Who would've thought  makes a good beer?  - Drinking a Gnomegang by  -  


I'm so glad I got assigned to Kingfisher for clinical because that's freaking close to where I live.  


 I'm at LaGuardia and the 10th person has asked about Saban to Texas by 6 a.m. Sure glad col ftbl is a regional sport.


Yay, staying up late to do homework is Soo much fun. 


 watch out 'cause they can write that: 'Justin Bieber was trying to kill himself'  
Oh, BTW  Justin Bieber


Yeah, it's not like I've gained lifelong friends while in high school or anything  


Well, this was some damn good news to wake up to this morning...  


Specials for today!      man in the picture doesn't look very enthusiastic if I'm honest  yeah the bees is gonna be bumping tonight 


Oh cool, can't wait to hear about how America "dominated" their Word Cup group teams in various wars  


Sometimes it can get really funny looking at peoples ask answers 


Yea!! I love sleeping in my soaked bed of booze...  


You fiend! You tricked my highly complex brute force password cracker by replacing an 'i' with a 1! Foiled again!  


 he would have been  by now &amp; he wouldn't have been  anymore "Jaisa Desh Waisa Bhesh" 


What was John Elway THINKING bring that neck-surgeried schlub Peyton Manning to Denver!? Meh.    


 Ohh Dora the explorer, best anime ever been created. Haha!! :v 


 u wanting an amzer cover? I couldn't have imagined... 



 that doesn't make you sound like a creeper at all 


This VS fashion show is really boosting my self confidence  


Whooa my Friday night is insane! So wasted on studying for finals and 25 days of Christmas its out of control. 


 yes, especially bc  has never been known to bring characters back from the dead.   


Well that  was one for the memories...lol



Just wondering if there is any announcement happening this morning about our Men's Olympic hockey team. Nobody's talking about it. 


 You mean to say IPL players can also play cricket? :) David warner, Shane Watson, MJ, now Kohli. what a travesty 


Not even a little   And....it's snowing  &lt;---  ???


In other news the NY football giants had a good season... 


If given one choice between telling the truth of a lie, I'll choose  .... 


Good morning all. Another freezing cold day, but it's started off good. I get to wash all the cushion covers on the sectional! Yay! 


Th freaks between the frames          for sure! If there's ANYONE I want our young men looking up to, it's a guy who raped a young girl... 


I really love how every time I get a drink I some how mange to spill it on me. 



Oh darn, I'm away from my desk and missing sax, how will I carry on? 


 how many babies have you killed, monster? It's people like you that are killing the country with your liberal programs. 


Love scrolling through Facebook and Twitter, and not being able to see any of the pictures. 


rewriting the way bullets work in Spectre Detector... This christmas update is gonna be a FUN one.  


Oh we are great as this cricket lark.  


I'm gonna be feeling great tomorrow morning...
Not.. 


 you and Kyle are the most calm patient travellers I've EVER met  


 oooh, exciting  Doesn't appease those without subscription to Sky or BT!! Let down by money hungry UEFA and FIFA


 I am heading for Flatbush. Bet it is warmer there. 


The people in Urgent Care are so friendly. They put my sunny demeanor and smiles to shame. 


I'm so glad I have a wireless carrier that answers      Little help here?!?


I really love how my mom is so dependent on everyone else to do her shit for her  


When I sing friendly fires "Jump in the pool" whilst in the shower I can't tell where my iPhone starts and my voice ends!  


Why not have rain/ice slush today so I struggle to get out of the driveway    


If I have to be nice, I mean I guess. I'm not naturally a bitch or anything. 


 Kids didn't laugh  the word "fart?" The 1940s was a truly a dark and sorrowful time. 


   Labor got expensive, I sure do sympathize. Used to be you didn't have to pay'em!  


George Zimmerman was just arrested again. Wow, I'm shocked. 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                        


 Truly the soul of a progressive is a fountain of love, peace, compassion, and   


 Just had good talk w/ Tony Dungy abt 5-man committee to establish new code of conduct. I love committees. 


Hey there forecasters,  is it snow outside? I had no idea  


If I call you honey, I'm most likely being sarcastic and about to go off on you. You're welcome for the warning. 
  


Cant wait to go back to the valleys, what a lovely place......


It's just wonderful when you wake up for your 8 am class only to find an email that it has been pushed back an hour  


On the plus side, I'm not going to be prepared for finals at all now. 



  sicher? vielleicht braucht's noch ne slo-mo? oder eine frame by frame analyse? 


. hahahah i love you too!!! ( see the dictionary for  )  X box all night  ..  because somebody doesn't want to come to the damn XV!!!!!


Poor Aj McCarron...oh wait...that's right he is with this hideous young lady     you know how much I love the Newport peeps. 


 I wonder who she could be talking about??  lol


"   and this describes you perfectly 


 dude forreal? The editing is phenomenal! 


Spending my birthday at night school!  
 




"People: I like your name

me: thanks, I got it for my birthday" 
-Afternoon 


I would like to thank  for OVERBOOKING my flight to NYC. It's certainly not a PAIN to miss a day of vacation in  


I'm shocked that I'm the only one here to see Amelia Curran who is wearing an Alexisonfire shirt and a Refused hoodie. Shocked. 


We have our Christmas appreciation dinner tonight...I'd much rather a raise but hey food is good too...


I think NFL games would be more entertaining if the refs threw more flags. Seems like they let guys get away with a lot.  


Ooo, swastikas! That will totally help!  


I'm just really glad I get to sit home tonight. 


It's fine Henrik doesn't need any rest you fucktards. 


     is elaborate, complicated work. Like 


 A month after his dazzling debut.  What a call. 


Well.. I definitely didn't see that one coming.  


Oh, good,  is selling Doctor Who shirts today for a change.  


falling off a ladder onto a tile floor actually hurts. Who would have known.  


 You were out of line, spreading awareness of a merciless animal slaughtering, obviously... :| 


Yeah, this wont be a distraction.    


 Slow start for your boys. Hope they can step it up. 


Gotta say what a great get for the  that  is something special. 


Don't Wanna Attend School Tomorrow , I'm Tired...But Don't Wanna Miss Practice "If" We Have It... 


Sonia Gandhi is d 12th richest leader in d world. It hurts 120 cr Indian's sentiments!! shd b d 1st know?    finally.. It's like watching a real  battling real  You're amazing  


Now this is why people bought a  PPV, 3 on 1handicap matches 


I'm glad Miley decided to dress up for the EMA's.  


Dear Pedestrians
According to the  report on crosswalk safety, the worst thing you can do as a pedestrian is use one. 



Nice catch by Patterson but you could see he was a half-yard off when he ran that route so I'd bench him. 


No yea by all means send that to me because that's what I want to hear you say 


He died doing a race retards there were filming a new movie  


Poor Broad seems to have a fracture in his foot...could not happen to a nicer bloke!    


Waiting for my tumble dryer to arrive. My life really is exciting  and you crazy people still follow me 


 your inability to read and understand  shows you sir as a bit uneducated  


 What you didn't think last nights game was captivating 


Hey 3 degrees, I love walking to class in you!!  


I'm just sitting here staring at my phone waiting for all my friends to text me.....  


 on first on  didn't see that one coming 


On the 7:03 to Hoboken because  may have cancelled the 6:47 today.  Thanks for the heads up! 


Love having my blood drawn first thing in the morning. It's my favorite. 


Well thank you god for holding off those snow days and waiting till it's finals week while in college. 


Brilliant! A calendar without days!   


Omg, I keep forgetting my birthday is coming up. Yay me  


  I'm not. It appears the SSS already got to  first, cos he's sticking to the cover story LoL! 


Why am I in such a bad mood? Oh yeah cause I totally didn't wanna watch my mom get married at all. 


Girl is nice to me. Doesn't have a boyfriend. Isn't interested in me. What a fucking bitch. 


Button has a damaged wing. Is that going to affect his grip? 


Man it's a good thing OSU is getting points off of clear shot clock violations.  


Woken up on the wrong side of the bed... Today is already off to a cracking bleedy start!      


I love being up all night with a migraine...  


Idk what everyone is talking about. I saw GREAT coverage Jordy Nelson, and Boykin was totes more wide open. Good read Flynn. 


There is nothing, and I mean NOTHING more satisfying than to be woken up to the blasting sound of O. G.  Bobby Johnson.  


You know your company is up to date on technology when it takes 30mins for your computer to start up... 


Friends are so reliable these days   


Thanks a whole bunch 'Micah Volrich'... you have been sooo helpful   -_- 


It's great that Miley Cyrus and I share a birthday. 


I love when I drop my phone and it falls on my mouth. 


Women Don't Fart....They Do however shoot tiny puffs of glitter,that sounds like a Unicorn's laughter and smells like a rainbow  -_-


This frightens me. Oh, the wonderful world of online dating!  via  


 Oh thank God.... cause for a second I really believed you thought "pain was in the mind" -_-  lol


 thank you so much for putting this picture on the line 


I love it when I look 12.         thing I checked Facebook today other wise I wouldn't have known how cold it was outside....  


I'm super thrilled I have to walk in the cold wind, to the gym, at 7:45 am. 




 but he was in one of his drunken stupors, so it's OK... 


Thanks for twisting my head and tearing through my emotions, I really needed that 


Vege option not the greatest so far. Starter is abit of melon with beetroot sause mmm 


Glad we pay taxes for scrubs to plow the roads. 


  I love how a pope gets intertwined in pop media. Such a great spiritual leader 


Martin Jol's sacking and Meulensteen taking charge. Wow, oh gosh, crikey didn't see that one. Jesus. My word. Flipping heck  


Gotta love being stuck at home all day with your entire imediant family 


Every time there is a tv timeout the cheerleaders come out and dance, it's the worst 


My parents are just awesome at keeping promises   


Just cashed out the $10 Starbucks card my employer gifted for the holiday. Thanks for the 2.5 drinks. 


 haha i dno keep retweeting everything and keep me up to date thnx  


My notes for today.          a mellow music played while i'm browsing my timeline...it pretty much help in stopping my tears 


I just love signing up for school, completely on my own. With absolutely no help from anybody.  


Tbe combination of my bad windshield wipers and this rain makes driving so fun today 


Out in the wind on my way to  class. Might never come back.  Peace out Twitsss! 


Well just witnessed a proposal in a Wisconsin bar in Chicago. Nothin makes ya feel better than that. 


I watch the VS fashion show for the music performances 


ozil missed a penalty. thats it, he definitely is a terrible player now. 



Thanks, US Postal Service, for your high-quality shipping.   sax ain't getting wet RT  Everyone is so excited for the rain! Wooo! And we get a whole 4 hours!  


I like how you include me and invite me to things. 


Man did you see that complete bad ass block Johnson threw there? 


Ill stop being a sarcastic bastard if you stop being a stupid fuck!


Chem students are so stupid for failing ion quizzes.. Isn't it obvious that CH3COO-=Acetate?  


Got woken up by shouting, feels good to be home 


  But wait, I thought the PAC-12 had big gyms while the WCC were all high school sized!  


KC "forcing" that fumble resembles all the "forced" fumbles by MSU. 


So, coming up to 2 hours since I've emailed Zavvi with a return message. 1 hour since contacting their Twitter. Great CS! :D 


Yeah, that sounds like something Jesus would want us to do -  


  turned it into a hip hop station... Because we soooo needed another one...  


Happens to me ALL the time. " Don't you just love it when you forget where you parked 


Because I love Mondays so much      wow, you just ruined my point of view of that awesome song. Thank you so much.  


PG&amp;E putting profits over safety? Never   ready for rate hikes, oh sure they'll be "modest"


  Oh man, looks so horrible! How do you even cope! Put it out of its misery already! 


a  is playin  wit my butthole n im afraid if i push it ill pop a blood vessel like  


 No need for an election after that endorsement. 



Cousins two interceptions were obviously RG3's fault.......he's terrible on the bench...  


Yup love when my morning starts off like this. lol 


My last tweet was sarcasm by the way, and the result of alcohol.

Just like all of mankind's great ideas....



Gotta love having three fysics-classes on a friday... 


 so...Coach had changed his name 2 Clay?? This what Texas wanted u to do?????    


Don't you hate when you ask for the price of bread &amp; people respond with the color of the sky   


C'mon, Brother Boogie. Diversity, man. RT  'The Best Man Holiday' &amp; '12 Years A Slave.' Yeah, those are totally related. 


 Before I die, I want to   Lol... 


Upgraded to Microsoft cloud and now my Outlook won't work. Awesome. 


Only 1 month until  How come no one has tweeted about this yet? 


I love working somewhere where we do not have replacements for anyone. That sure makes my job easier. 


I just love that in a few weeks well be using Mac Office 2011  in 2014. Way to keep the updates coming guys.  


 Oh Lord. Robbie has indeed changed the face of music. Elvis was a no-hoper. 


Having a standoff with the dog in the middle of the yard in this weather is exactly what I wanted to do at 930! 


the fights from my school are soo freaking funny -.- 


I should prolly go to sleep. 8 am exam.   


I havent heard yet is Catching Fire any good? 


Gosh my moms in a great mood this beautiful morning. 


" Props to Dino. No better Defensive coach in the country." Not Fickle? 


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      in your house on your own in Belfast is while craic  


Extremely dangerous when alone with my own mind.       


    well this is fun    


 Thanks for putting it on the broadcast. 


Just a bit of light reading.     Then we would make a new anonymous twitter account and go on it to complain about each other. :D
  


Excellent outfit once again phoebe. Super stylish.  


I didn't do anything? I totally didn't do a load of wash, the dishes, or put away all my stuff. Yep I didn't do a thing.  


No we aren't twins and you are in fact seeing double   


 YIKES: Tomorrow's Forecast  oh how I miss Wisconsin! 


Really easy to find the app I want, when the icons don't appear in Launch Pad.   I bet your having a great time! I'm having more fun looking at this though!   guess we don't have the right of Freedom of Speech anymore... Way to go America! 


 yeah I'm at nates house, everybody went too sleep so I'm drinking in his garage. Sounds like so much fun doesn't it! 


the day I have been excited to be a part of is now completely FUCKED because of the weather, sure glad I didn't spend any money. 


Wait, wait...Hold the phone. Are you telling me Philly fans threw snowballs at Santa Claus?! *gasp* Oh the humanity.  


If your ' post got mostly "You're an  replies, then it wasn't  Just shitty writing.


"wow..hes a stat-sheet stuffer.." - on Jabari Parker's stats hahahaha  


  I think you missed what I'm saying   


   I'd bench Flacco for Peter Athens. Correct he plays well while hurt, that's the diff 


My roommate and I are going to bed at 12:30 on a Saturday. Yeah we're so cool you don't even have to tell us  


Can you imagine how horrendous it would be not to have wifi and having to talk to each other? 


Lazy writing: villain hates Red Sox.  Lazier: hero loves Sox.  splurge next time. yell "Boston Strong" for cheap pop 


Me and my big, fat sinus/tension/nervous headache. Nice Saturday. 


 paha, it was sarcasm, hard to do on Twitter 


    heyyyy served as a ccie lab prototype tester? I took a couple beta exams before *edits resume* 


S/O to my wonderful job for letting me spend a whole 9 hours of my Saturday at this wonderful work place 


The sickening feeling for Christmas ...  


"Jackets top Coyotes" Obviously the NHL was so excited for Horton's GWG after missing half the season  


My stomach hurts &amp; I have a 5 hour test rn. Yay. 


Media over looks the good and over emphasizes the bad? What?!! No way!! Not the media lol 


I'm such a lucky girl when it comes to relationships.  


 You don't play the PC game.  From your mind, to the qwerty pad with no stopping!        


Happy because Anna follows me :). We're pretty much best friends!!




  that's good ethic to pass around, a great way to get new readers! 


I've been exhausted all day, so when I finally get into bed my obvious response IS TO BE WIDE FUCKING AWAKE.  


Just checked in on the daily  update. Boy, those Mono &amp; Tulare counties really helped. 


 Al Qaeda on the run, Obamacare a success, NSA does not spy domestically, does it really matter on Benghazi? 


 Impossible...they are nominated for Federation of the year... 


I LOVE it when my roommate goes home for the weekend and leaves the window open.  


Miss USA is in the Top16 ...didn't see that one coming.   I really do like her though!


 Every 53 seconds, a laptop is stolen 


. insanity....using nano technology against us..never saw that coming   


 Great move.Angels need another 30 year old bat.Pitching's for suckers 


Steven Ridley fumbling in the red zone, didn't see that coming 


Waiting in the Board of Ed for my mom bc I have obvi nothing better to do 


My favorite reply of all time has to be k.it just has so much enthusiasm and feeling and emotion best reply ever 


Kick starting our  with a nice   ...  on the  ...added    and 


Town to bring on the free scoring El Gabbas, just what we need when we need a goal! :)  


Opposing comprehensive  reform; Yes the GOP is reaching out to Latino voters...    wonder how tomorrow will turn out to be? Blessed I surely hope. 


I love waking up on weekends earlier than I do during the School week  


Have to work Christmas and New Years Eve...guess I didn't work hard enough this year...  


 oh dear. I thought about the  and then figured it wasn't necessary.


 the year we went Gillian was our finest skier  Oh the craic ye will have 


    it out    I just wasted my time for an hour by coming to work. Nothing makes me more happy than to be away from my mistress, alcohol. 


Wow I'm glad there's a blackout in Sacramento  


 wow!
You're soooooo talented.
You're my hero! 
Where do you get your inspiration from? 


 Oh hehe I see. Twitter really needs a sarcasm font!



If Clattenburg referees another Southampton game, i'm expecting a nice friendly reception.. 


I wish people understood my  it would make my life a lot easier!


 yea, another wonderful act from the G. H. Bush administration. 


Girls hate being picked up, when you ask a girl out ask her to meet you at the restaurant.  


woah guys, slow down, i cant be invited everywhere 


Working back-to-back 18 hours days is going to be a blast.  


 i LOVE how people r sayin shit over your opinion. Dont u just love people?    


 I'd appreciate if you wouldn't tweet spoilers about  I'm 6 seasons behind. 


Looks cold in Green Bay, anybody heard anything about the weather?    


I've never heard of Glastonbury, and had no idea the BBC covered it. I wonder if someone could show me a video showcasing it? 


I'm extremely excited to see all of the smartphone screenshots about how cold the weather will be today and tomorrow  


 this Spanish 2 final gonna be easy as cake 


 what if Hiller is spreading his vertigo?! 


Lol wow two in one. Lets make my day even better!  


 The von Trapps escape to Switzerland!? How about a Spoiler Alert? 


  That's how a married couple sounds like on a bad day  


You should lose some weight, we can't see your bones 


Nearly just had an asthma attack in the pool and died.   


Good job Jameis Winston getting past those "off field issues" from earlier this year 


I'm so glad I was able to see how the first period ended   


FAREWELL, martin bashir!  we'll miss you!    really good at keeping it in the pants 


I love it when you review a very inexpensive and well-designed product and someone replies "I could make one cheaper." 


I really love when I get blown up with questions:) 


  Now THAT is how a GOOD politician apologizes  


 thanks for the warm cozy welcome on this cold winters day ;) 


    really Pat? You can do all this web stuff for free?!?! 


Yep you're real mature. Nice to know you cared.  


hooray for losing my celtic metal project!  i shall strike back


Perfect weather for a road trip!      Pete Carroll got bitch slapped. So sad. 


 Never said they are shit i know  but manager is of big concern especially Tactics &amp; Substitutions (&amp; Transfers)


I wish we would have had some advance notice about this blizzard 


But slavery!!!1! Your argument is invalid.  


Nice to know there was enough power for the Kanye show last night    


That liverpool bench though. I'm now slightly worried 


 This season, much like the Astros season, is all your fault.  


 wow this sounds so cool I gotta check this out 


I swear Sami and I talk so much crap to each other. She's the coolest and nicest girl I know.   


Can't wait for a Friday the 13th Physics exam tonight!  I can wait actually


 exercise shouldn't stop just because of weather. 


  love being in the South West, surrounded by water but pay more than anywhere else in the country!  lol x


Everyone must be jealous of WD because we don't have off because our road clean up crews are the best around 


 hahahaha that's just beautiful. No I hadn't even noticed. What a wonderful slice of the Internet. 


 haha oh dear! You've got such a big bump ya know how can any one miss it! 


Halak should have had that. He goes down onto his knees too fast. Goddamned useless defensemen.  


A Bulgarian scored for  its a sign they will flood Britain soon.  must be shitting themselves  


 hahaha RT " "  Happy people generally have a higher income than unhappy people." .. or vice-versa? :D"


One Direction just beat out Imagine Dragons and Macklemore for best pop/rock group. Yeah, music awards are 100% accurate.  


Thanks to all my closest "friends" at school who have kept in touch! 


 but bicycle lanes are springing up everywhere and cyclists don't even pay rego ffs!!! 


 sometimes. Sometimes. At least, I would... If I had long-term payments but NEED CASH NOW!  


 This is going to make for a really fun day at work tomorrow for  


It's comforting to know if I didn't stop before the crosswalk, I would've been hit by a car because the bitch driving was texting. 


 you're right, actually since every single music award show since the Kanye incident she's her own genre: "goddess" 


Looks like  didn't want to show  anything for next week eh? 


 setting the stage for even more beats of ridiculously low expectations 


site life. living the dream

      me more ideas. It is for the common trolling good.   


What a way to start the second day of the new year!!!  


 Fortunately, we have  touting the city's murder rate. 


I can't wait to watch all these girls get asked to homecoming in a cute way   


Proud  fan... Much prouder fan of   


  The sign of a party that loves freedom 


I honestly had no clue it was cold outside guys, thanks for all the pictures, tweets and Facebook posts!  


Wow just now? Three hours later? Third strike  


 We're gonna be all tired tomorrow.  


"An Iowa education provides the ability to keep kids out of their parents basement" - Yong Zhao  


Thanks mom this is exactly what I want to do on my day off  


"I only watch the  to see them ALMOST win." 

 Fuck that, win or go home. 


 How is Michelle's job hunting going?????  


Yeah sure I'll drop everything and go football training because it's so important!  


Oh joy another snow storm approaching  It's only December and I'm already over it!


 haha I know. My bad. I should've hash tagged the  ;)


I'm really glad you're only gonna be here 6 days and I've seen you once....   


Hey man, can you tail me any closer? Thanks.  


So tired. Gonna watch Netflix until I pass out.  


Okay so we've gotten the point that Kimber and I are hot  


Getting my weekend started right, doing marketing research in the libraryyy!       


Quote Of The Day from  'Here they all come, with their girlfriends....'   


Still annoying and no where near finished   


Aaahhh... Nothing like boredom and repeating Christmas songs to make the work night fly by...    Your an awesome friend. I really appreciate your help dude.   


Oh good another stupid reality tv show finished. Finally, sick of this damn crap shows promoting not so great talent. 


Alternating between freezing chills and overheating. Day 3 of  so glad getting that flu shot helped...   


I'm not using social media websites to their full potential. There must be a meaning to this.  


No i dont get winded when i walk up the three flights of stairs at school 


The  is supporting a lawsuit against the mayor. I'm shocked.  


  I think it is an allegory for dating and what it does to you. 


 That pic you just posted on instagram..  Best. Pic. Ever.  


 is the most creative person eveeeeeh. Such an imagination. 


 I bet they are just loving all the  fun!   I know I am  


No RAG Procession?  Dankie Tuks.  Great Job.  


Hellow nightmares how i love u that for being in my life omf 


 Surprised they didn't call a penalty on Marshall. 


Dang. Too bad I'm taken.       you guys definitely honored them in  


Passed my aase!!!! OMG so happy, all the work was defo worth it   happy that even if i get a 90 on my final i'll still have under an 80 in this class.   


 yeah its a good thing my family still trusts u 


 Vicious.  They're lucky Flacco got up after that. 


 A free chip is a terrible thing to waste. :) 


Lie in, jarmys, candles and my assignment.. Something isn't right in that sentence   


I love it when people post pictures of all the money that they have.     


Had 16 staff members and 2 administrators absent today. Tomorrow? Oh, tomorrow's going to be fun. 


 On way to school, got my headphones in life's just perfect!  x haha I feel the same


  I like that Hall and Oates song too!!!!  :) 


A  &amp;  gone bad!      oh boys it's so nice to read how excited you are about work 


 but that was a MOVIE, this is real life. 


Well what a fun day this turned out to be .. 


Where would I be were it not for the copious unsolicited advice I get. 


Capture the flag with tiki torches. Because it's safer that way.  


Thanks for putting me in that position tonight. 


 lmao I hope thats sarcasm   


Adam Levine must be SUPER grateful  named him  so he can FINALLLLLY start getting some tail.  


I hope 2014 brings more selfies this year! My personal fave I saw was "I'm making a sandwich selfie y'all!". 


Petan gets 10 for abuse of official there and the Czech guy gota two minute minor?  


I'm really glad I didn't go to school today for no reason. 


I'm guessing Netanyahu is really frustrated right now. Gosh that's too bad. Yes that is  


Ever Banega on the Valencia bench tonight...he wouldn't make out reserves....
 


Wow    Merry Christmas to you too.  Thanks for taking the free wifi away. Kisses 


Love reading  tweets, really knows his stuff.... 


 saya beliin gitar listrik pak biar keren...drpd saya masukin les joget, ntar pas keluarnya jadi 'cucook' 


My day has been made: I got retweeted by a hexagon twitter account. 


There's nothing I love more than being wide awake at 2 in the morning 


oh look, my family are arguing. i sooo missed this when i was at uni!   -__-


Because if you flip me off while I'm driving it def gonna hurt my feelings...   


You know you've master the art of  when someone has to ask you "Wait, are you serious?" then you show 


 oh gawd i live in boston but im confused as to why its snowing  


 irrational, angry bosses are the best bosses. 


Evidently Kentucky can't commit a foul.   


I just really love when I don't get tipped  


Can't wait for the crazy shoppers to hit the stores.... 


Just got my nails painted the other day and they're already janky.... Money well spent.  


Oh how I love Dr. Waterman. He's hilarious!      


Second half we just collapsed, awful display, bad goals conceded and can't wait for the next round  


  lol oh how romantic  could you at least take me out to eat first? Ya know normal stuff?


 a gator partnering with the gator bowl . How sweet.



 James micro was so fun...you missed out 


'What?! Are you ok? Do you know where you are?' My dad's barely contained  when I tell him I'm in the library -_-


So you miss me but you don't know what you want ? That makes sense! 


Congrats to France for backing their way into the World Cup and getting to win Group E. 


   - Twitter doesn't seem so desolated after all.


I forgot that it's impossible to eat without fucking smacking  


But I guess you all know that because you all care SOO much about my life. 


Tried reading twitter on my desktop and didn't see half of Chris, Nessa, and Justin's conversation  


Everywhere u go there's a million people...yay holidays 


Oh hey humidity my hair and I are just so happy that you're here today 


nyanyi lagi ah RT  /clap hands/ 69sChoaya: y RT 9GAG: My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't


I already know that I'm absolutely mental...don't bombard me telling it!  


Dear Snow, It's a good thing you're pretty. Love, Britt  


Every body go follow cracker for hos awesome tweets 


My roomie always tells me how pretty I look in the morning :) 


It's fun to be apart of a awkward situation in a theme park. 


 Better watch out for the herds and herds of criminals and mob bosses that are there! 


Yeah of course I can't fucking sleep now.  


 who could have thought that Microsoft would make such a low tactic like that 


I'm glad that you're so proud to be treated as a piece of property by the government. 


  I'm totally sold - Ellsbury stinks and Konerko is amazing! 


 :  players better be careful. Next year we could see penalties for slapping helmets to hard when celebrating 


  I don't know... It seems to be going GREAT for Army right now. 


Who needs sleep when you can stay up all night and think about pointless things?  


Last day of break and i'm in bed already. Tomorrow will be delightful. 


Good thing I put my money on the game ending that way!  


Oh you mean 2 more  are injured and out? What a shocker.   Year of Injuries


 stellar D comes back on field what could go wrong right ? 


Oh? I'm working Christmas Eve AND New Years Day? Cool stuff  


Nothing better than staying in bed all day with cramps and a hangover &gt;.&lt;  


 Yeah, because I always bring a pillow. Geez people come on.  


I just love feeling like I'm getting sick the night before an FFA event.    


Boy I can't wait until I'm an NCO and tell my underlings that they can't eat until after I do! :D  


Well, thanks Today Show. Inspiring.   " Hate your job? You probably live in the U.S.  way - New Idea made a story up...  I don't believe it!    am so surprised I wasn't on the New Year's Honours List. 


As if mum just called me a dummy. Her vocabulary is appalling   


Nothing like a view from the cheap seats   Wanna sign up? Sounds like a fun organization to be a part of. 


I see your sarcasm and raise you some sass. 


Got my staples out! Now my cool scar has lots of cool little dot-scars all along it! 


 thanks for spamming my site! Greatly appreciated 


Is this where our 3rd string QB Keith Price comes in? 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Well it seems that dropping Clarke and Haddin didn't have too much of an effect in the end...  


 Thanks for covering the Bode Miller custody battle this morning.  


 wait.... you're gay?!?!    


Guess I'm gonna get my lazy ass up and do some laundry/start hell week...yayy.....


But hey,  the fans love shootouts   


Might as well tell the whole world about it and never let me forget! Gonna keep torturing me!  


danielle,sophia,perrie.. together at x factor..  

beards's reunion!

  

 

 
 
 



Yay for riding home today with no seat. -_-
  


I think, no one really cares. Thank you so much, Earth!!!   


Sometimes I wonder how I get so lucky with all this homework, I'm so blessed with it. 


So much snow I can't even open my front door  


Well let's make a start on my French homework yayy 


Waking up fifteen minutes before class is always a joy. 


Being so productive in the library right now...     


Thanks Mike Wallace for the loads of fantasy points 


 RT  RT  Yeah, GSP definitely won that fight.   family group text on who's bringing what to Thanksgiving is getting out of control.   


Congrats, this time the Patriots recovered their fumble 


This pretty much explains why my texts are littered with demented smiley faces...
     hours sleep last night :( now got a family thing :( fun 


No ride... And it's cold as hell outside...  


 say the  is made up of Protons, Neutrons and Electrons. They forgot to mention 



" Shit , messi is our for 6-8 weeks!  ! Wish you a speedy recovery!"  Lmao!!!


  IMDB is failing us lol... I thought they knew everything  :-)


Please don't reply to me. I totally typed that message JUST FOR MY HEALTH. And I really don't want to talk to you. I mean at all. 


thank you  for not delivering my package as it was estimated to be delivered today.. 


 so well written!   ( see anyone could can do it)


Hahaha,you crayy yo! RT   Like seriously? Look up  and  in a ...  wooow she's such an evil person for only wanting to be your friend instead of being your girlfriend! 


I hope that Megyn Kelly goes further and finally disproves the myth that MLK Jr and Mandela were black.  


ya im rly sure the fan who stole pardys helmet and whose lady dumped a beer on him made an "unsolicited &amp; unnecessary" donation... 


So thankful I get to sit in a car for the next six hours, while I'm in a bad mood 


 getchur note pad out darlin and pay attention 


Nothing to do on a Saturday is always nice
 


Glat nie RT"  Ken Jy Hom??? RT Ced: hide ur Fathers kuse early ---&gt; RT"Pixxi: RT if u into old ass fathers we dnt judge


7 degrees, can't wait to walk over a mile to school.   


 Why would I? lol. These are OUR plans. You don't care. Did I say I'd text you, Mikey? Nahhhh. Okay then. 


Talking about suicide today my Day has been made!! 


no worries. our gps said 3.5 hours to nyc but we only took 5.5 hours. now only an hour train ride home 


Big trucks with big tires can stop quickly on ice &amp; stickers on the windshield eliminate blind spots and increase penis size. 


Might have few bokkles before this exam  


Bringin in the new yr quite smoothly by acting as a water faucet over the toilet...with my face. So far so good! 


"Study hard and get good grades, you will find high-paying jobs and work as a slave for whole fucking life and claim 'we are free 


Nice way to end that conversation on a good note.



I'm so glad my boss has no idea what I have to deal with. 


EXO WILL WIN


 Harry Styles 
 One Direction


 It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it... 


That what happen when u try to wholesale change the squad that bring u success last season and bring in new players. 


I enjoy presents for a day, then I'm shipped out to a Sea Cadet camp.   


2 fire alarms inside 12 hours, one at 4 in the morning, the other 4 in the afternoon, thumbs up to fire safety 


Can't wait to spend Christmas and New Years by myself.  


I can tell the phone operator I talked to at the  really loves life! 


Did Georgia and Auburn play today or something??   


 Norton Commons YMCA says beginning of year is so busy it's like the Xmas season for retail stores Awesome.  


  Quite Kirk you need to focus in class today is your busy day... 


As expected, KU fans on FB and Twitter not overreacting AT ALL to last night. 


No better time and place for a hockey game than in Sunridge at 1:40 on a Saturday.. 


 Yet she gets over the love of her life after a couple of dates,,and then his death in a week  


 I freaking love/hate you so much. Great ending.    ugh!! Next week needs more 


Yep, this math will keep the kids out!   I'm so happy I can't breathe out of my left nostril...  


Coach Leach on the altitude affecting the decision to let Furney try from long: "Yeah, we'll let him try from 75..."  


Gee whiz... How did Matt Flynn not beat out Russell Wilson for the starting job in Seattle?  


  why is call of duty in the middle and not on top? Xbox is bias  


Oehhh how creeepyyyyyyy ,, it's Friday the 13th and i'm at tweet 5555 now ,, So Scaryyyyyyyyyyyy :P  


I love when Malachi takes 20 minutes to text back. 


People LOVE their jobs today    = FAIL  = FAIL


 You mean you stood up for yourself....... you complete and total bitch!! 


Working all day on Christmas Eve... I love being a manager. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Never seen such good football Perth why are you so good?  


We will all have KBKK questions for Add Maths tomorrow! Rejoice!! 


Summer in Melbourne rocks      weather is amazing!      know it's gonna be a great day when the high is -13 without wind chill and 20 to 30 mile winds. 


 Most exciting and enthusiastic interview ever! 


weekends here again twitterers, stroll on Monday   


Well I feel very happy that you didn't reply because I was waiting for you to reply !! 


You know, I woke up this morning and said "I really feel like being pelted in the face with sleet today"  


It's below freezing outside..
Good thing my classes are on opposite sides of campus! 


Well it was something, it's just I'm soooo in shape I handled it like a pro... 


Turned on TV to watch commercials but keep getting interrupted by ads for   
 But seriously whats with all the commercials?


Oh and lets not forget about the first draft class that banner totally nailed 


I love when Trent has people over late at night and doesn't tell me that they're coming.  


Now I get to sit on my ass all weekend yay  


I love when people drive with their high beams on...no seriously its fun being blind while I drive  


The Love That Jacksgap Inspires:  via 
Our very first video! :) hahaha we are so very cool....... 


Who's a better influence?  Rob Ford or Miley Cyrus? If you need help, here's reasons for why it's Ford.  


so we won 2 games and lost 1 in a shootout. Boy do we ever suck!   


 thats why a large no. Of CLUs granted in his rule..:)

 


I'm so not keeping up with social media this last month. Please forgive me! I know, so many of you hang on my every word! 


Lmao how did I know that was going to happen ?  


i turned a boy gay well that boost my confidence up 


 but win-loss record is all we need to judge a QB by!  Can't wait to read later


Just chilling in my The 1975 shirt. Ooooh I am so hype. 


First time I listen to  in weeks and what's 1st thing to play.
One Direction - Story Of My Life. Great start (


Thanks to the Interstate Highway , it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything. 


Don't look now, Riley, Gardiner infusing offence on the powerplay.  Definitely should be sitting in the press box...  


Guys I'm back on twitter but you don't have to make it SUCH a big deal. 


 Further proving that Rhythm and Music games cause violence in adolescent teens and young adults.  


I love how Fitz is SO post racial that even after Olivia mentioned "Rowan", he didn't identify the connection between them  


   ha ha-saw it when he changed it-was joining in on
 banter. It was meant to be  !


Had a good workout at Red Rocks, now it's time to do Black Friday shopping...yippie... 


When will the Fed starting ordering banks to shift their securities to HTM? 


Get ready to eat a bunch of stuff Because thats what this day is really about. That and waiting In line for blah Friday at Walmart



Oh boy I get to listen to bobby knight do color commentary. Just want I wanted! 


Really digging the abortion pictures on campus today.  Ruining a beautiful fall day.


Wow what an amazing Christmas present Justin... NOT!!! 
  


 I'm sure that's what Paul would have done. 


s/o to the person who puked in the trash can in the hall   


Summer session of school starts tomorrow, four full days a week of lectures and tutorials.  Yay Me! 


Somewhere Tony Romo is worried about a QB controversy next season if Orton leads Dallas to a FG here. 


 Idk. Alex Smith is a true winner. So he's clearly better than Romo. 


Because obviously I don't take enough selfies.   such a fitting tribute. Im this would truly make him proud 


Report writing. The joy is almost too much. 


Gabi needs Arianna to come with her to NY in order to get her deal. Yep, she's got her priorities set.  


  but they are usually so competent.  


 The leafs didn't play tonight. I don't know what your talking about. 


More than an hour and a half to get printed a poster for a presentation. W.I.T technology is awesome.  off


 hahahaha do I detect some   


I'll never understand why people get so angry at my  If I constantly said stupid things, I would want someone to tell me.


 "ripping pic" and of course its from the acct of the definition of 'ripper bloke' too 


Oh you've played 4 days of pokemon.please tell me more 


 well they seem nice  I'll report them now


Really enjoy spending my sunday watching football..   


 may be the truest tweet ever....honestly  


 But who cares if our kids are being killed left and right, we should have the right to be reckless! 


I can't wait to see what my dogs have destroyed at my house  


I guess we're done quoting &amp; mourning Nelson Mandela since the focus has shifted to the interpreter &amp; photos from the service. 


Big Dienna wedding at Christmas, Sienna exposed at the altar. How very original. 


 I didn't know we could return those. Figured new rule forced a fair catch. 


I love being called names like that makes me feel extremely special......


You can never hear a pin drop, but you might hear it land!...  


I resent my parents getting married. Bad decision mom. You chose a real winner 


Gutted I'm missing out on the big Xmas lights turn on in St Austell?! 


I'm sorry for always being right.   


Yup keep hiding behind your screen. Your so tough. 


They should create an Instagram app for BlackBerry!  


  It must be soooo hard working on Naya!   


.   I am offended by your opinion and you must apologize! BLOCKED! 


I LOVE the sound of leaf blowers on Christmas Eve. SO festive! 


Been a while since I've seen a day this beautiful 


I did not wind up in Dublin today and I did not spend too much money on jumpers.  


I hate how housing only lets you pick up packages during certain times. It's ok I only ordered it cause I don't need it. 


Thank you  My brother continually walks around the house farting then says "that's for you baby." 


Yes mum, i would much rather watch the news than watch Beauty Schools cop out. 


 well we had a "bit of weather" too. It rained last night. That's the second rain since May! When will it stop?! 


 i get to go watch them make boxes  


I love it when my nose is so stuffed I can't breath though it. 


Oh..I didn't realize we was talking about you again... 


 singing and jokes are just amazing... 


I m too cocky erh??   u welcome . Anytime buddy. 


There you have it.           move  , send a young rookie D who was forced into a larger role to  and call up an injury-prone rookie D. 


Me: "you just have to keep an open mind." Friend: "Yeah, because that's my strong suit"    


 Crashes. Because loading up a search query is pretty darn difficult. 


But did you hear about that rich old guy that got suspended from a show!! UGGHHHh that makes me so mad!!!!!  


You'll never know what you have... until you clean your room. Please clean it always.  


I love it when sermons have a courtesy scripture that has nothing to do with the message.  


 this is where you could really use some four year athletes    


Because picking fights in front of your child is a great idea!  


 hopping. Best craic eva making so many new mates 


i love using cfabort after cflocation    


Explaining my health insurance to me and he goes "non cosmetic" lmao oh really? I had no idea  


   so you're punishing your team for a bowl committees terrible decision? Makes sense. 


Planing for celebrate birthday with out salary is like planing honeymoon with out wife on desert 


And I have to wake up at 4:45 tomorrow. Woohoo. 


So glad I now have to plan being a victim in advance. Thanks michigan senate!   


Love living in the country. Everything is plowed so nice. 


Oh yay, it's looking like it may get above 30 this weekend, anyone want to float the river??
 


But don't forget guys, our O can't score.  So it's all on the D in the second half. 


     Whatever you do don't slap ALL the shi*t out of him or he'll disappear 


    But I thought only cyclists do that. 


 I see Eddy Lacy he's the guy standing on the dead grass  rotten turf


Had a blast with  and  at the airport bar.  


You know.. I just love it when a decent day goes to total crap. 


I talk to myself on twitter....I love it...


With the  yep this is how we laag so much fun   just love getting calls from restricted numbers 


I'm tired so what do I do; put on my over-ear headphones, whack up the volume to max and start belting out house music. Smart!  


Supper excited that my washer machine burnt it's clutch last night   


Decided to stop watching tv because I will probably have nightmares tonight    


The one time it all seems possible this monster comes to stab me in the back.... 


 idk I'll start replying now just cause you said so 


 1 Wife's place at home; 2 Charity =&gt; laziness; 3 Swim lewdly exposes the person; 4 Cancer = Jehovah's punishment. OK? 


Wow! Great crowd in Chapel Hill today.  


Lets honor a death with drunk driving!  
 ...honor actor Paul Walker in Puerto Rico results in 6 DUI arrests..."


Thank you FSU and ND for letting down the ACC in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. Thanks... 


MT  obamacare: 444,k enroll in medicaid; 50,k enroll in private. yeah, this is gonna work out   


The amount of plans I have this break is overwhelming 


 piracy is bad &amp; harms revenue, no geek ever does it even for personal use 


Only got interrupted 5 diff times while trying to eat my break sub. Today was a good day.    


Oppressed victim Dayna Morales suspended merely for falsely accusing restaurant patrons of homophobia &lt;  &gt;  Saturday . I hope everyone enjoys their Saturday as much as I will    shout out to my boo  for inviting me to the Aquarium of the Pacific ...bitch! Lol 


Need 13yds so lets throw a 3yd pass. Makes sense 


 My level of sarcasm has gotten to a point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.    


To the frat guys across from us: "sick you can drink a lot, I wish you all the best in your competition tonight"  


First final exam of the week...&amp; it's an essay... 


 Also,  Forgot to slide that in there, as text is horrible for showing connotation.


It's so wonderful when your the only one home at night time 


If I ever see that white supremacist dude who found out he's 14% Black imma be like "Whadup nigga?" .. and keep it moving 


oh yeah!   MT  8 more hours of snowfall Central MD east w/ high rates  it sounds like everyone's 2014 year is going good. 


" You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut."how did you know that you pervert?!!


  on walker I'm hoping...? ... They spinnin?


So did Silva lose the fight? Or did he just tape his leg up and win? Haha  


. I do enjoy playing Battlefield 3.5, Worth 40 Easily, Got right mint Graphics.   


And now my phone isn't working. Have to talk on speakerphone for people to here me  


  They have to tighten their belts to build the glorious future of our nation!  


This is the most perfect week for rockmail to NOT work!!! 


  holy fuck what a cool tweet. Postal. Your intellect is staggering. The way you break this shit down. 


 wooo, western cape happy  
Western cape to be  ne??? What a farce


Too bad, so sad.  Ive Been Vanished: Guns &amp; Ammo Editor Who Wrote Column Suggesting Stricter Gun Laws  are just so inlove right everyone not staged at all       spent more time driving to and from school than I did actually in my exam...  


Wow i'm such a big spender by treating myself to a pot noodle! haha! 


 could this interception be the next immaculant  reception!? Lol  


 But to determine their fate whilst talking with them would mean they would have a say in their fate! Blashpemy! 


What a productive three day weekend from work. 


I am so frustrated right now.... life just hates me. LOVELY. 


They basically said I should take over for Tina   


Nothing puts everybody in a great mood like a family picture. 


How is this not a national holiday? The Olympic hockey team is being announced.  


Just about threw up twice in 20 minutes  


I really hate it when the stairs are broken and people have to take the elevator for one floor, don't you? 


Can't believe  just tweeted that, disgusting 


"Jeff, honey... We're starting with Act TWO, not Act One."    


Bet2oly enik mabtakhdish bilshakl ? ah tab3un ma enta lama btshof 7ad fy elshar3 aktar 7aga betshidak leeh shakhsyeto. 


Some Ravens fans have so much faith in their QB's 


there's no greater feeling than your car battery being dead when you're trying to leave work 


I can tell by my timeline the vols have a ball in their hand and are attempting to play a sport  


two weeks until placement, so excited  


 yes that was me I totally said that oh my god yes 


 Nothing like not having a gall bladder    true.


Been "home" for 5 days and slept at 5 different houses. Love divorced parents! 


I guess a male that works two jobs while going to school, graduates in the spring with no children is classified as a Bum.Who knew 


 I kind of wish I knew French. Because knowing  is just too useful. 


It's warmer in Alaska then it is here...that's not weird 


Thank for the invite honestly I appreciate it. 


  neither was I. I guess I should have included 


  yeah how silly, I mean it's not like pollution is a real problem in china at all. 


Have faith  - you'll be good. And if u forgot something, I'm sure you can find it for a "modest" fee in Orlando.  Have fun!


Guys don't think it's cute when your thong is sticking out..so stop. Good effort though  


Hey guys that's a pretty good team we were up on in the first qt. Moral victory?  


What a great conversation to kick off the morning  


I can't even tell we're in the snowbelt now.  


Not only does gun season open up tomorrow but so does  and it just so happens to be my long weekend! Yee haw!  


I took the Pottermore Sorting Hat Quiz and I'm a Slytherin. BIG SURPRISE THERE!  -G


Please cuddle more in public. Its my favorite  


Lol I'm so darn cute     photo creds to aubry_zun  to top it off my least favorite seat mates have just shown up. 


So weird to run into  at chipotle... Like what are the odds??  


   no... We like to be ruined by the same people. We know how to manage them 


"your shorts look especially gold today"

"my mom uses color safe bleach"

"go Carol" 

 


Thanks for all the great conversations I had with my friends today  


You have no idea how shit my day has been..
round of applause for the people who mad it shitter.  


The difference between pizza and your opinion is that i actually asked for pizza.   


Sachin ended his career with such a great number. 14847+74=15921. Meaning 74 days after our independence.   


Eyestrain headaches are the best, especially when they happen at work in the morning. Woot! My fave. 


 but that would mean you dont get to see me. And who wouldnt wanna see me at 5 in the morning.  


 Yes, how dare we try to STOP a nuclear war, rather than start one.  


 wow I didn't know the Alps were covered in trees??? 


You're ugly on the inside and it's finally showing on the outside. El. Oh. El.        


 I mean seriously, not having heat in my car is just fantastic, it is a dream come true  


Let me just elaborate on absolutely how much I adore being ignored. Tell you what, in fact, its my favorite.  


 The tweet says, its my right to be senseless 


You're such a happy strong minded individual to take the time out to bash others. 


a brotha needs less  and more  in my pockets to get rid of theses ummm  -angles 


oh the fun of answering questions from strangers  


I loveee when people tell you that they will do something then don't. 


Dion, Liles, D'Amigo, McLaren and Ashton only  on ice for optional. Could this be the starting lineup for Saturday? 


Sooooo get to do my favorite thing tonight: grocery shooping 


  Im sure the people going to a wedding were days away from attacking America in our homeland. 


" Adidas Officially Confirms Deal With Kanye West  wait to see the new Kanye West jersey. 


 consider 2010: Marleau 2 G 5 Pts, Crosby 4 G 7 Pts, but its so obvious that Marleau is a poor choice for the team... 


I love it when cars don't start..   


Hmmm what to do tonight...I mean we go to the best party school! There's just so many options!!  


Guys I know you are all thankful for me, but chill with mentioning me in tweets. The notifications are killing my battery. 


 but bro, Lebron James is the greatest player of all time. 


What happens when batman sees catwomen? The black night rises. 


Really digging the  Honda commercial!   


So you're gonna LIKE my picture... Just to UNLIKE my picture...   


Ang saya talaga magkaroon ng 7am class tas monday pa! 


Well if that doesn't just make everything perfectly perfect. 


 I am sure that MacT would have liked to have known this during the offseason so he could have addressed it!  


 "Sex is filthy &amp; babies are your punishment for it!" -- With that kind of pressure, why would anyone want to abort? 


So the Pope beats Miley Cyrus for person of the year. Hmmmm what a surprise 


Awww look. New books written my favorite women in the world. They're such treasures.   have sick dance moves and can jump super high.     you don't come across as a groupie at all. 


Bring on the "I still love my  and  tweets  


I picked the cool filter because my heart is so cold.      I attended BG in 1922.   It is a wonderful place isn't it? 


 Wow, that is pretty amazing! Like to hear his ideas of how speed of erosion has changed as well. 


That Gnarby looks a prospect...Good to see talented young Germans coming through in our game...  


Super excited about this trek home.     


It's okay I wasn't trying to study for my finals, let me be the mother to my sisters instead. A B in physics isn't bad.   


I love it when your work place reminds you  of high school.  


Teach your daughter to be a domestic goddess  Being 3 was never this fun! 


Looking forward to the televised PPV fights and death matches next Black Friday  


Kevin Love didn't get 10 rebounds. I'm upset  kinda. My fantasy team needs more boards lol


 Does auburn jump to  No I'm sure Bama will stay  based off awesomeness determined by national media. 


Really just needa take some time out of my busy schedule to clean my room 


Time to get ready for work........... ohhhh the joy :/ 


I love it when I tweet about things and people unfollow me 


Well the crickets going great again.  Bring on the Women's Ashes - they might actually put up a fight.


Thanks allergies.I can always count on you to make me look so cute .... 


Breaking soon: revolutionary Tweeters discover entirely convincing evidence Sy Hersh is secretly on the Assad payroll. 


 cant wait for the frozen Super Bowl.   Who likes those 45-44 games anyway.   Give me a 7-3 defensive struggle. 


  There's MT for modified retweet, after that I'm done. Sarcasm would be brilliant, really really brilliant... 


 ; Everyone has the right to be stupid, But you're clearly abusing the privilege. 


Yeah the fans were happy with the Bella's winning   


That Publix Christmas commercial just shit all over my emotions thx Publix I appreciate it  


Well.. I felt like total shit. Threw up, all that. Smoked. Suddenly it's bearable. Nah, marijuana isn't a medicine at all. 


  Like really! thank you sir so sorry for all the things we said you're a god 


It's like overbearing how many texts I get in a day... Am I right? 


   When legit hospitals r cleared of needy Americans, all Canadians cn get better HCare. 


So I'm pretty much doomed! But I do hope the outcomes turn out okay because you know, that would just be great if I got an F+! 


FUARK the anabolic window closes in 5 minutes! Be right back.  (Ode to the tweets of  &amp; the work of 


  But he's not a Muslim he just plays one on TV ! 


LOVE walking around in -12 degree weather wearing soaking wet yoga pants  -.- bah one more day


The numbers arent good. Way to start the year  


Phones gonna get cutt off for a few hours..like 32...ya know that's not a lot. 


Cleverly makes Djemba-Djemba looks better.Hahahahahaha 


The whole world is conspiring against  the Qila of 
I just don't get it. Even the Martians....  




Tony Romo had surgery this morning &amp; out for season. True sign that Romo isn't tough and doesn't care.   


   oh no by posting this  1 photoshopped image you've completely disproven us! For shame  


Memorizing the periodic table is exactly what I wanted to do tonight. It's just so interesting. Thank you chemistry!  


Shout out to the kids that squeal their tires around every corner. Let me know what it cost to get new tires!   


I'm shocked that an NC court would reject Maryland's appeal of ACC exit fees  haven't gotten a call in Carolina for years


Sneezing several times an hour is soooo much fun! 



*Dont you agree if a man says he loves a girl he had to marry her? - Cant you be human?!*  in  LOVING IT!


If we fail to sale your home within two weeks we will gladly refund every cent that you haven't paid us yet   


 no need for apologies.  That's what our beloved franchise is.    


Usability definitely takes a hit with this new minimalist color palette UI in Photoshop CC.   fuck me I didnt realise the game was that realistic lol 


I wonder if cars have feelings.    


   if people have a problem with you  its their problem not yours.


 Wow, get ready for hard hitting journalism.  font in place.


Just when I thought Sunday's couldn't get anymore fun! I get to stay in and do the housework by myself! Love my life!  


Had a great time working at my 2nd job today.   a sweet time ice skating Downtown with the family. 


Wow, look at the pretty red onions     you say it like I don't already know Adam 


Glad to know nothing I do is good enough:), thnx.  -_-


 OMG lions fans boo'd when the kicker kicked the ball out of bounds twice. Bad fans!!!! Support your team 


Just realised I must run gauntlet of crazed Boxing Day shoppers to get home. Oh joy of joys 


who is ur crush?  Well i'll tell you one thing, it sure isnt my boyfriend. I hate him. .  WOOWWWWW  just looooooove it when people talk during tv shows and movies  


This is never a problem for you know why coz you don't sleep    can't wait to take 5 finals in the span of 3 days its gonna be AWESOME    


Glad PennDot is on top of the storm and keeping up with the roads like they said on the news. 


HT  Great  of  lanes featuring           yes cus u seem legit 


Nothing is better than eating lunch while a beer delivery is going on.    


Super cool how I can heart neighbor's wind chimes through my windows.  


Well that's just brilliant. Glad I got home in time for that.  


1895. Oh...I thought hexagons on maps were only invented recently  RT  A hexagonal map of London:   S/F of course; the Champion Golfer for 2013 is Phil Mickleson, scoring 147 points. Really?  


  I might miss tonight.... late game.. 


 But they let the Suns score &gt;100. Moral defeat. 


I have a disorder and its called selective hearing,It's caused by hearing too much shit from fake people. 


Planned on getting fuhked up tonight. Currently eating hot cheetos and drinking Dr. Pepper at home  


    Yeah, y destroy Satan?! Why would He want to solve ALL problems instantly?! 


Obama must be doing a fantastic job of running this USA. Every post is 
  


Brian Griffin, Paul Walker, Nelson    The greats truly do go out in three's. 


I feel the SEC should get automatic bids to all championship games in each sport till further notice 


And my phone is no longer letting me text   


 Hey Ram! advise to me by my well wisher that I need to use   the tag  lest people start abusing :p is true. :-)


Good luck with y'all's little get together! :)    


 Gus never gets to call an exciting play/game, does he? 


 hahaha yes I LOVE everyone working with me tonight 


 Fair to say, Holty, you'll never play in the Champions of Champions event.   


Okay Joey, why don't you upload Storytellers a little slower now. 


I feel so alone almost all the time. Greatest feeling.  to the max


Everyone's clearly in a jolly mood tonight....


Grazed, battered and bruised from football  


I just love how i have "bestfriends" that i can trust not to talk about me to my other friends. 


 TURN ON THE POWER FOR   or should I produce a flattering piece on your customer service  


  with these ugly, unhappy people who never have fun. what a drag.  is the new  see too many single moms raising their sons like this... Thanks a lot!   totally awesome.  RT  I just won my fantasy football game by .5 points after being down by 46.  Awesome.


Need a confidence booster? Check out  '30 Under 30' list. You will feel so accomplished in life:  


Cleaning my grandma's house.    


I enjoy locking up the parks in a monsoon... 


Going to go fail my test today    


Round of applause to the girls setting our standards high and drinking and smoking in the bathroom  


Aaron Taylor knows what it takes to be an NFL QB 


Totally shocked that Ohio state lost. They passed every test this year except the last one. 


Another shooting!? I just can't believe it! 
" Shreveport man injured in shooting  


Way to go  Brilliant way of coming back to limelight again! 


The fan on my truck just ate part of the belt. Cool I wanted to buy a new belt with all this money I have



  peter was one of a kind! Bargain at 500.000 and edwin wow! But for me its taibi all day long 


"So Tariq, do you like drive to school, blasting T-Swift with your windows down?" 

"Uhh... yes?" 


I just realized I did something very smart.   my day just keeps getting better and better.. 


Love it when I'm completely awake and there is no one to talk to!!!  


I bet girls LOVE when a guys opening pick up line is "dang girl" I mean it just shows so much compassion and creativity 


So the braves made a move today and signed a starting pitcher... coming off Tommy John surgery. Atta boy Frank Wren atta boy  


Got the whole library in my handbag. Can't wait to get on the train later     so glad to know you'd be there if I needed to talk. 


Hey  play transformers more often I don't think playing it once a day is enough 


I'm just glad UK made their free throws and didn't turn the ball over.  


Pretty sure my appointment was half an hour ago... Don't you just love punctual dentists?! 


 Man I just lloovveeee sitting home... And having nothing to do  


Good job Go! Thanks for repeating that whole movie scene on TV. Seeing it once really wasn't enough! 


  I know right?! The audacity of a law enforcement officer askng a suspected law breaker 4 ID! how racist! 


When people don't text me back I get this warm fuzzy feeling called annoyance. 


 thank you the ass hole who stole my Carhartt!! . 


So. Tired. But I want to watch     


Happy you can read my message on Facebook but not message me back. You are maturity at its finest 


"Giraffes" by            


 we just don't have the talent to hold Duke to less than 300yds on the ground....3 more recruiting classes... 


Anyone in need of an intellectually compelling movie? Watch "Cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death"  


 No one, followed an online personal trainer,,,,lolIF UR name is not there, PLS GO TO  WORK!"  


 should trade there entire draft for Justin Tucker  


 Guess they shouldn't be poor, work at Wal-Mart, &amp; put themselves in that situation. Prob getting food stamps  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I forgot you're perfect and do nothing wrong. 


And for the third year in a row now I haven't had anybody to kiss at New Years.     


Zero respect for Coach O. Walking out on your players? Pretty much quit on them. That's a guy I want to come play for. 


What's this stuff falling from the sky!? I feel like I haven't seen it for years!! 


 man i woulda boo'd anything that wasnt YFW  


The band chillaxing before the contest... Really enjoying the wait...     Oh, is a sequel to *Anchorman* coming out? 


So nice to be able to see finally.   At least it's rain and not snow anymore. Almost to  please blame others for your actions. Why would you ever choose to take responsibility for urself or the choices you've made? 


A client gave me this box of candy for Christmas.  Not sure why they didn't get the big one.   Garrett says Romo underwent back surgery and will be placed on IR Orton's time to shine!  


Big crowd at Headingley to watch the shit version.  zzzzz


 thanks for the cold drive through coffee it's really hitting the spot 


Its as simple as this why Michigan sucks the last 6 years. Its not Rich Rod, its Adidas. Bring back Nike!   


Yey! I get to pretend I'm white on another application. Because apparently people from the Middle East are the same as Europeans! 


Good thing I curled my hair this morning and made it look all pretty.   


Riddle me this: Woolworths is selling 2L bottles in the Pepsi range for $1.50 and 1.25L bottles for $1.99. Which should I buy? 


If you need relationship advice, totally come to me, I'm the best. I mean seriously. 


Glad to see everybody participating in band today 


I have surgery next week, the day before classes start.. Awesome! Such a great way to start the semester   


Today is the day I can have a lie in yet woke up at 5am then 7am and now I think I'm awake for good.   


It is 1 degree warmer in Adelaide than average. We are all gonna die. The Earth is melting.   


You can count on Wendy's for a good sandwich. Look at all the amazing ingredients.    love spending my Sundays coughing up a lung, helping my dad mount a TV to a wall while my brother parties. 


Dayna Morales being held accountable for her lies is homophobic, right?       via 



Like support for the cut of their benefits?
I am confused, how is that supporting our men/women in uniform? Seems sincere



 guess what? CNN n BBC aren't even bothered about his death while idiot Asian youth is so concerned about it. 


I love how cold it is! Especially saying the heat in my car is out! 


Got Malia and her friend to come with me to see  and      may come a point where I'd rather watch Lifetime than this Cavs game. 


" Big Ten is 8-16 in bowls in the past three seasons. MSU has three of those wins." But we can't win the big ones. 


  Thank God the Bengals have a quality  if something were to happen to Dalton 


if I didn't know better it looks like I'm watching Germany v Rep of Ireland 


 Nail on head! Still, think of all the extra excitement Abu Dhabi now brings us.  *kills self*


7 messages today... It's getting pretty damn serious.. 


Who the hell is that  from the  Is that Drew Stafford? I didn't realize he still played here...  


 Because Thigpen has so clearly earned that role by his special teams performance this year.  


  Stunning that the president &amp; CEO of the American Bankers Association would like your book! 


Yet, theres always the bitter truth in it. 


    I'm ten minutes away from test-proctoring. Woot woot. 


the storyline has nothing to do with why we like the show either    


Gotta love law school "winter breaks"                Because Beyonce "earned it"


Strange things in the NFL.. Everyone watch out! At this rate the freakin browns might win the Super Bowl -.- lol  


Off to run these errands in this lovely weather!     hmrc for reducing my smp just because I've done some keep in touch days at work didn't need the money anyway  


Today I caught myself smiling for no reason, then I realized I was thinking about you 


I guess it's because Buffalo is not used to playing in the cold  


wow i feel so fucking great and i feel good about myself. and i didn't fuck up really bad last week nope no i feel fucking amazing 


I made sooooo much money at work tonight!!       glad my nice like 4 day vacation is going so well  


I love cold and flu season...   


Haha I know I'm not the only one lol      solve a problem yourself when you can pray to a "higher power" to do it for you? 


Off to work in a few....dammit...should have put my chains on last night. Ya know those 2in can be brutal....  


Guess I'm a keeper        just feel like Peeta is more intentional with is pursual of Katniss but Gale just really guards her heart   


Ydh lah pusing amat sh. Mau dia baeknya sama lu pas ada maunya aja. Ydh aja sh. Biarin. Anggep aja dia msh ada niat baik toh. 


Props to Holly Rowe for askin "tough question" &amp; havin Urban (as we all knew he would) sidestep ?. Truly enhanced viewer experience 


Iowa State beat Baylor by 15? But Baylor outrebounded ISU by 9! How can this be????? 


 I'm in sheridan animation.  Each new day is more beautiful then the last. 


Heading to edinburgh gardens in fitzroy. Expecting it to be pretty dead 


Wow! The Sooners are playing the Ravenwood fight song! Pretty crazy.  


 Excellent. Glad to know that method actually works 


This just proves that the ACC is better, and the SEC is overrated. 


 No I mean I would have scored it, but it wasn't as clear cut as you made it sound...Which is shocking for you (  )


Good idea Putin! ''Absolute annihilation" and more arbitrary arrests.That'll fix ethnic tensions    has mohawks...how original.  I wish our team thought of that. 


Ugh. Why school? Why must you start after I spent New Years Day sleeping? This is going to be a long dayyyy.... Joy... 


I like how you can "like" and"favorite" everything I post up but you can't hit a niggah up -__-      


 Yeah, it's all Holmoe's fault for scheduling Utah in the first place. 


The Ace Attorney DLC is out on the 21stt. 3.99. Good of them to mention it in the Direct... 


I love it when my mom uses my iphone to call my aunt from the u.s cuz iphone to iphone connection is the best. 


Bored with no Hearts match on today. Hey, at least we all got to enjoy a 0-0 with USA in a really important friendly  


 Just for fun, I'm going to ask if you've taken any measures to stop the loud drivers tonight. No?  


Best girlfriend ever award goes to ME!         for processing culled chickens...  
  


I'm actually having a lot of fun guessing at all 150 bio questions due in 7 hours   


          what a lovely sound of bats I hear in my room 


Absolutely love it when people make me out to be a horrible person when I spend all my time trying to fucking help them. 


Big shoutout to the porter who bashed my ankle wicked hard with a stretcher today. Thanks for not even saying sorry!  


Going to work in s minute for a 12 hour shift. Love it. Can't wait. 


Yes let's do grade 10 math because we are just so amazing at grade 9 math.  


Ah, yes, the two day week before Thanksgiving break. So much productivity going on...


Awww look, it's just like old times, they've got the entire gang back there helping out. Just gives me goosebumps.  


I'm really happy to be paying $165 a month for this.    the  win?  Cannot tell by twitter and Facebook posts...  


Riding my leopard to school. It's what people do in South Africa.    can't wait to get engaged/married, so I can ignore all my single friends  


 because everyone one in the world was awake at the same time cause there's no scutch thing as time zones 


This just better be fucking  RT'ing this.  to the exemplary service of  you all will be receiving your Christmas cards AFTER Christmas...   


 pahahaha my ski mask is going to feel warm 


I need to sleep so I can spend the whole weekend studying   


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


Woahh you can't go bowling with your friends and send a innocent snapchat of your winning score, are you a cunt or what!?  


  psh...more like true jaguars fan right here! 


That girl is holding her dad's hand... That's not weird at all... 


It's nice to know that even when you're in your 60's, the pettiness that we all participate in our 20's doesn't disappear. 


 Says the guy who was a Defensive presence at the  


" Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has ruled out another bid for Luis Suarez"  phew I was bricking it for a minute then. 


I can be a real butthole sometimes.  


I just love how the clouds completely cover the sun making it freezing and windy! Perfect weather! 


 see they are good guys that care about their employees! 


I can't believe Pollard wasn't flagged for pushing Moreno out of bounds.  


 Is that a trick question? No way ADP could last 12 rounds. Probably only make 5. [


Love having to see operas on Friday night...  


Well i guess no one loves nich. Thanks for the help everyone!  
        


Hmmmm, btfd? Just keep do it until it's not working!!!! Or else don't say no to free profit. 


Yes, it makes perfect sense that CBS is showing the celebrity ski fest instead of the Broncos game. 


 why would you, they are 10-5. You're used to 13-3 and superbowls. anything less is not worth it. 


 To be honest, I didn't decorate the cookies on that plate, but I can't believe we forgot to praise Tay-Tay!!! 


Well, van persie injured at the right time ! 


Nice of her to start with some light hearted stuff just for the lolz 


  nice commercial tweet, very subtle     


 well who actually wants a half-decent OF? No one. A sub-par SP is far more important. 


 A hashtag is an easy way to indicate  instead of counting on people to figure it out themselves.


Definitely didn't see it for a second time.  


Boy...that Weiss signing is looking real good about now.  


 Oh yeah, because Galatasaray followed by probably Real Madrid is a piece of piss.. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 SNAP 

There having a daddy weekend. I'm knackered already. Party tomorrow!! Can't wait 


"I get a lot of female clients because I'm hot" suuuure okay  


Getting home from work at 12:07 is my favorite thing ever 


Did BJP just called in Yedurappa to counter Arvind Kejriwal factor??  


Love working on New Year's Eve and the next morning 


My boyfriend that adores me so is coming up my steps as we speak.   


Things that make my commute more fun: subzero wind chill on above ground subway   


Bring on the Flipagrams! I love seeing everyone's past year in a blink of an eye. 


Thanks for banging on my window right as my book starts getting nerve-racking. You're the best Henderson, I really appreciate you. 


You'd think the way  covers her, Lindsey Vonn is the only athlete competing for the US in the Winter Olympics 


Erh got to go have stitches out, can't wait  


I absolutely LOVE when people don't reply after I ask a question or when we're in the middle of an important discussion 


oh yes...this test cricket caper is just soooo boring
 


Oh how we all just love to read the scarlet letter..... 


. oh u did it now. U contradicted the born gay argument better watch out.  


 you've put so much  in that dish,  is probably thinking to invade it!!! :P

 


So I'm following 85 people on Instagram, but I still don't see new pictures every minute I check... Frustrating. 
  


 I can maybe make next Sunday work at the earliest. And I only work like 90+ hours a week. You know, so I can have a life. 


Memphis Bleek gotta new song out!!!!! ....... nobody's excited but me.... *shrug* 


The wind musta took that one...   


Thanks for  for getting hacked so my card had to be cancelled 


Don't know why I'm putting off work. It's not like I'm under pressure -.- 


Hostage takers, anarchists!: Jeff Sessions: Senate GOP to Filibuster Paul Ryan's Budget Deal  


Best part about relationships.....always havin someone to talk to.  


 I'm trying to get like you, but it's hard to live up to such a legend  ;)


Hey  nice to see your bus loops / skytrain stations are de-iced.......not. 


" That's real cool. Just another thing to top off my fantastic week! 


I won't think about you anymore and I'll punch you if you ever cross my mind again. 


" Super Typhoon  survivors   the rainbow god's promise never to flood again? 


 Wow, now you can review to call penalties....AWESOME.



 wouldnt it be great if everyone called in with poems Charles Allen Head style?!? 


President Obama just authorized federal pay raises for congress in 2014. Because they totally deserve it! 


  You probably already knew it But that was  :p


That's strange, maybe I called the wrong person then. 


  looks like we are going to be late for college! Yeppy! 


Good convo glad we could do that! 
 with 


. Feedback Nothing says we value diversity more than placing a Christmas tree in the public realm.  


There isn't much I enjoy more that writing a final paper...oh the joys of life.     


My solo during the second performance was great!   


. or NK heard its pretty nice there  


 Oh hibbert if only the raptors could of got him by like drafting him 


 maybe Coach K should bench him so you won't talk about that diaper dandy and ruin college bball. 


Love the 3rd down play calling Todd. Keep it up! 


still sick and woke up with pink eye, this can go down as one of the best vacations ever  


So working a portion of every single major Holiday is something I'm looking forward to... 


 some people don't understand  .  Still,  is a 


Another BRILLIANT idea brought to you by    


 you'll feel better the more you complain.  


Syracuse basketball continuing a grueling non conference schedule tonight a huge match up with High Point University  


"  fire thats a thing now cool got it   yrahe it's a thing now


Jesussssss!! Are you there? I hope not xD    


I love receiving snapchat videos of online porn from my girlfriends.................  yet still funny


 why are "they" trying to silence this 'Natural Paul Revere' 


Some People really need  for ConTROLLING there  -_-


Can't wait for everyone to post their pictures of what they got for Christmas tomorrow 


It's pretty sad when none of your cousins have any idea who you are   


Oh god its Friday the 13th arrrrrr, better hide inside all day and do nothing 


 real women hold they breath until they die. Thats why there arent any 


 I've been told I should call my sarcasm out ~ but that just seems to defeat the purpose, u know? Plus, not as fun. ;D


Best way to start your weekend is being stuck at home sick.  


How to make friends and try to make people sit with your group: call them over while saying they look awkward



So you see my snapchats but you don't text me back? Hmm I'm not upset at all! 


Bored with no one to talk to. That's just great 


Week 4 of 12 completed ... Pft yeah I'm ready for this exam in 12 hours  


I'm totally loving all the text messages I'm getting right now 


I love having three hours of history on a Thursday night.   


Just got Jan  w Sexiest Women in Golf. Nice. now when do I get Sexiest Men in Golf w same "sexed up" poses?  


 Not every one gets sarcasm in this country. Better to add the   hashtag.


In 18 minutes my new dieting and fitness regime starts. I can't wait    


 this   done. And it turned out SO WELL. 


 oh ok thanks for the update, sooooo in other news is Mike getting fired  What a great game!!!


   Good one! 
Too bad I'm not a hater. I'm a spicy product reviewer.


Also thanks  for filling my phone with your selfies    just love being the odd man out and being left out. It's dope! 


 Obviously the reason why they waited this long is because they wanted to find the perfect black female comedian 


The MTA did such a good job of letting people know B44 Select Bus Service started today! 


Anyone crossing the pass today on I-90 the  is giving out aircraft speeding ticket gifts - so Merry Christmas to us 


I'm loving all these Tables, Ladders, and Chairs. Great PPV  


Coming back to wales today, fucking fantastic 


In the car with my two faves grace and sly    


 Lol now can one regret the pituitary gland doing its job? Lolol  


Good Job WWE Universe....you guys made a GREAT choice  


I am gonna have to do someone hardcore Christmas shopping on Friday.  


All of Chip Wilson's comments in 1 article. I want to work for him. So much to learn   


 obviously, you're going to hell... All it takes is not capitalizing God once. It's in Genesis 51. 


I seriously find it amusing that it appears all but the STH doors are open. Were stuck outside. 


I absolutely LOVE getting yelled at by some jerk of a construction worker with  driving home from the movies...


So pumped for my back  to back presentations 


    But it's such a simple narrative, why would you want to deprive people of that? 


Why is my boyfriend in such a good mood tonight?  


. Jay Cutler &amp;  hand Rodgers 7 more yrs of Divisional Championships;"Enjoy, buddy!"   my hair off on Wednesday!     


Love opening my phone to this after practice   people these days are so hipster , kewl , &amp; rad .  


The Titans are shockingly struggling in Jacksonville. Down 13-6 at the half.  Better?


Id say he certainly gets job done, haha.   RT   So Desmon is somewhat athletic?  


I bet this guest speaker has a line of guys wanting her. 


 the existence of BAML or the existence of its report? 


 I guess they wont be a true fake supercouple until they've been through all the generic life saving &amp; obstacles 


Thinking I should relax today then I remembered I have a doctors app 2mrw wow I am so excited... To wake up early  


Sounding like a guy going through puberty. Yup dream come true  


In today's society, we need to have family games where everyone is a winner.  


 What?!? Those are the best!! My fave is fighting customers for parking!! 


Over zealous stewarding &amp; policing here....   &amp;  should jointly be ashamed  


Yes just stand in the middle of the aisle and be in everyone's way. It's no problem. 


Already in a bad mood. Gonna be a great day. 


 OHHH noooo no school that would be terreeiiiibbllle 


Morecambe &amp; Wise on TV over Xmas yet again? The BBC don't half push the boat out every year! 


I'm glad everyone cared about my plans today... 


 wow I look good, everyone look at how good I look  


 Most historically accurate Thanksgiving special ever! 


I'm so glad my mom always follows through with what she says-.- 


Im surprised , ... He never texted back ... 

 -_- 


  thanks, mike. Insightful as always 


Alright! I got yelled at for a "glove issue" from the doctor. Like really?!?! 


 yea I mean it would suck if you had to go back 


Well...my flight got cancelled, this is a great start to the day   


Love how everyone and their mother decided to come to the gym the exact same time I did   


Giving up &amp; it's official working at burger king for the rest of my life.



Grimsby-gone from nothing to being mentioned in a JaackMaate video and even having a film named after it.  (


Wow you have balls for sub tweeting during a twitter fight  


Thanks Mum! I look like shit and you take me out for shopping, without telling me where -.-



 haven't even gotten to cold bar yet.  


YANNO THOSE MENTAL BREAKDOWNS WHERE ITS HARD TO BREATHE AND YOU THINK YOURE GONNA THROW UP YEAH THEYRE FUN ESPECIALLY IN PUBLIC 


What a dominating performance by Auburn in the SEC championship ... 


 but he has great confidence in his defense. Remember that's his specialty. 


Oh and top off this perfect day, nothing like your ex callin you in tears because they want you. Fuck yah -.-  


Let's all just get really famous and make sex tapes...

    


Yey! Christmas lights switch on in town later. Can't wait to freeze my cods off and buy overpriced coffee in a plastic cup. 


  bad luck boys, tried really hard, aloisi coached really well. Unlucky  


This lady always takes me seriously.. I am NEVER serious!  


 Ya. Perhaps he should have said to Joe Pesci (as cop), "Catcha later."  


 lmao ion like that lil gurl bro . Onaa hood i dont . And 


  WSW would probably be louder than Indy500 crowd cars and all! 


It feels so good to know that the people I care about most give 2 shits about me...  


I got so many plans that I don't know which ones to choose. 


In thankful for all the  shit I have, thank you to ask the stores open on the day we ALL USED TO have the day off on 


Guess ill just have another ping pong tourney tomorrow  


. be scared, give up your rights, only govt can make you safe.   


 Oh god! I hope it didn't inconvenience Mr.beckham... 


Loling cause I love homework so much.  


  is You another Japanese pitcher?  :P


haven't eat anything since yesterday except candies.....  


Hey Jerry Jones! Obviously another good decision firing Rob Ryan. The  defense is so great this year. 


A successful weekend of sitting alone I my dorm room watching Netflix  what a great life I live 


First row after the 1.5hour delay. Awesome!   watching friends all day      


Pretty thrilled that I get to listen to Nick Kypreos and Doug Maclean for what will feel like eternity before every Leaf game 


Don't be in charge of training a new guy at work today kyle.   


Why are people like "RT for a free follow" like um can't you follow someone for free already? Lol  


  What are YOU talking about!? Gazdic is greased lightning out there!  


There is nothing like checking pre-reqs for your students... 


 apparently people dont respect people in relationships these days. who wouldve thought? 


its hard to sneak a fart wn ya coworkers keep comin to yor cubicle   


Stupid Biology. Stupid Algebra 2. And even better, the teachers are just so NICE. :)  


Thank god the streets are basically just sheets of ice. I just love sliding everywhere when I'm driving 


Titus Rubles! You've always been my favorite Bearcat! 


 This guy will never make it.   that edge ?


My dad is currently ripping MSU for not letting OSU win for Big Ten pride.  


Is it just lets piss Leslyn off day?   


 they should gain a draft pick every time the league announces the steelers got robbed  


 Gasp! Well, if it's on the Internet, it *must* be true!   


I don't know... That Kadri goaltender interference call looked suspect at best...  


You don't like me? Well give me a moment to find a shit that I give... Oh wait, their are none.  


So glad I'm back in Nebraska!   it did warm up a bit. It was 0 when I left the house.   made a space on the first shot! That's a good first step ....   


As if it wasn't enough now are some criminals here well thank you 


So that's why you wanted my headphones... RT  I forgot my headphones.  


Tomorrow is my last exam. Then I'm free for two months. And in 19 days I'm turning 16. Yay! 


Calendars are part of the Judeo-Christian fascist conspiracy to whitewash the world, today is just another day  


It's a lovely -2 on this fine Wisconsin night.  


This day just keeps getting better and better....   


Always fun getting in so late that the airport is closing. 


Hey   I have that stupid Tarzan song in my head this morning  


  my thoughts exactly. Surprised I didn't see a chili's or Applebee's on there too. 


Reading through Twitter theres a lot of love for Tom Cleverly this evening. Such a quality player.   


  Though he was the undisputed master of the hitch pass    


I just graduated from the orthodontist! This is the best day ever! 


  Nooooo, really??!?!?  Just knew he was a goner this time.  


Can anyone tell me when  Ironman World Championship broadcast is on  Can't seem to find any info. 


Been pissin people off since 1994.. im awsome.. 


 why dont we have a sarcasm font?  RT   RT  You were all negative with Schiano


At least they get the ball right back.  


Dad telling me what to pack: "Bring home warm cloths" Me: "I'll pack a bikini"  


Things doesn't come easy in life huh? Right? Procrastinate does. 


Having an awesome day standing in lines at Knott's today 


 -I am really, really proud of you, my only nephew. Great job.   


Ugh my life just sucks. My plane from Chicago to Miami is going to be 15 mins behind. Why do bad things happen to people like me? 


Well that sounds like some good parenting. 


2014 is so close I can almost taste the lips I will not be kissing on new years .




Oh my it's Friday already?!? This week has flown by....   


The names that  call each other are so nice. 


They always say the difference between the SEC and the Big South is the strength of the third strings. Find out shortly, I guess. 


 I am great, always right, and my enemies are evil.......  


Can't wait to be in Maine       but really 11 degrees ?  enjoy nothing more than working when I should be deer hunting 


Oh how I love barely working 2 hours tonight.. 


*sigh*" Oya Blogger na how much un go pay take use my account do tweetfeed????? 


Darren Jolly seems like a ripping bloke - it's a mystery why no one will have him on their list 


It's ok PSN I didn't wanna play my ps4 at a all tonight 


The checks of your  instantly bounce from my mood account.


Sooooo glad my 49ers didn't give up that RD 2 pick for Gordon..


10 minutes standing in the front of the store and not even a greeting. :/   


 I have to be at work at 5am. Looking forward to it!!! 


 thanks for the good news on Sunday morning... 


Wondering what I could have done differently is a nice way to spend a few hours 


Hahahahaha!          I really hope he has time for you. You know, he has a pretty busy life right now &amp; it's not the best time for a relationship. 


I once told my brother I should have been a writer. He gave me unconditional support.  his rxn: .


Such quality on my telly box lately....Not only did Splash start last night but DOI starts tonight.. Oh and CBB...It's all too much 


I can't believe that sexist attorney for the City of Madison didn't answer my request for an interview.  


Well it's not like I should be fully rested because I have my first final today or anything...  


People wanna see u perforem well, but not better than them.  


I'm so proud of myself, it's a real accomplishment  


Apparently, the choir will have pompoms during the performance tomorrow. I wonder how is that going to work. 


Why have happiness when you can have a degree?   


 Wait do we have school tomorrow? I haven't seen anything yet.  noooooo school tmr


 Civil Engineers tell City Council MASSIVE Civil Engineering project is a good idea!  


Ooh that bad Arvind Kejriwal is now asking for a referendum. He is in politics now.  Should learn to ignore the public. 


 because that worked out so well for us on our double date last year. 


It's raining and my joints hurt. Gana be an awesome day at work.  


When contemplating your  list, make sure that your mom is not the OG of     I say Murphy comes in hits 30.  

30 min without a point. Lol.


First play and the Cowboys go to perennial Pro Bowler Lance Dunbar 


Ey  &amp;  Yeah both of you. Please get the hell out of my system tonight. I wanna start the week right.


Leftover pizza &amp; pulling an all-nighter studying, should be exciting.  


Please, tell me, oh childless youth, how my children cramp your style and make your life worse. I LONG FOR YOUR CRITICISMS. 


  ...yeah, that wasn't creepy at all, dude. 


 oh I'm glad you're not mad at least that would've REALLY ruined my day otherwise 


It's 1:30 in the morning, im freaked out, and can't sleep. such a great night.  


My teachers think I look depressed. Maybe because listening to their lectures is the most exciting part of my day.   


 haha water and cereal? Sounds delicious 


  it's at the kids school. Should be fantastic 


Just got my internet back. Thanks again Mediacom  


 Yeah, it is all over the news. You in a cave? 


Lots of coherent, well-constructed arguments going on under the (currently trending)  hashtag.  On both sides.  


 I've never heard of a young woman upset at her privacy being invaded. 


 I seriously feel for all you arsenal supporters  


And now my whole computer won't start.  An excellent end to an excellent day 


Definitely wouldn't have known it was 2014 already if it wasn't for twitter. 


Work and script analysis. My Sunday is ten times better than yours.    anything other than RnB empties the dancefloor. Yaaaaay 


In case you haven't heard, Rodgers is back for the  today. 


  incredibly reliable right? Considering she hasn't tweeted a thing in half a year.  


. are the best coached team in all of football. 


Oh the joys of taking an hour out of your sleep to catch a literal flying squirrel in your room lol    


 nails and hair and makeup.     With? ...The other teams line up? Current events? Weather notices? I look forward to the additional information.  ?


Well this Smith kiddy isn't living up to the hype is he  


Spending everyday this week at Walgreens, yippee!!  


 number 3;what wi th all those charming estates to visit 


The Knicks need to not wear the orange jerseys anymore.  Clearly, that's the source of all of this bad luck! 


"One side's blanket, one side's sawdust." So it begins.     comparisons of converters on YouTube. Seems scientific. Cant think of any problem.  


Seriously can we just have no school? Oh we wont ok awesome!!



Watching  coverage of the Sun Bowl; everyone has Auburn to win the natl title. Starting to wonder why they're not favored 


Is  still going on about that socialist stuff?  


When you look good, it makes God look good... WOW   


The packer game isn't on our tv I guess we have to go to Buffalo Wild Wings..Such a bummer 


Yay what a joy it is to be home. It's such a happy place.  bc I actually hate it here.


CONGRATS! :)" Lmao we made it on a goer page , haha yeah okaaay kus I get niggas  


Nothing's better than coming home to my puppy    gave me a burger without the burger... Thanks guys...     Spilt a jar of curry sauce down myself! Todays started off well..  Remember this 


My mom is loving the fact that Johnny Manziel has nothing to do with the pick or interception yet he still gets all the attention.. 


  yeh you're right all the goals and assists Giroud gets.  


How  and I will do duo queues: ADC Thresh, Support Ashe. Perfect.   


I get to bathe my dog today. Merry Christmas to me! 


   Of course!-couldn't have these meddling whistleblowers operating in his private health care 


 That guy is completely out of control!  What is wrong with him?!  


So did  get a discount or refund from the  each time they decided to  4 the better of the game   seriously any 1 ??


Turns out the previous house owner did his own repairs on the garage door. Which means we get to pay to fix his mistakes. Yay! 


The joys of looking at pass papers in psychology  


 with her really good photography skills    background on her computer is her social security number.    


ah how i've missed the smell of heater.  but still glad it's finally on  


I'm so glad the NHL made it so helmets have to stay on during fights. AHL players needed more chances to play 4th line in the NHL. 


TY Evansville area broadcast companies for the great coverage of ihsaa state finals in football.  


S/O to my joints for letting me know when the weather changes!  


Last night, we killed it. But I now know if I want to be big in STL, I need to sing less (or not at all) and use ultra low tuning 


 Yeah, those 6 cases of eggs that Kyle had to go get really helped though! 


 Good thing Williams at least took that shot so we had a chance of making it. 


Now I have to run in the rain home. Can my day get any better 


" Josh McCown's December record is 4-10. Why isn't the mean ol' media talking about that? 


Emily's crush can text proper English .. She's a lucky one   


 Phil Kessel is so good in his own end of the ice! 


  but remember, Sam is the man to keep us up, this form is brilliant...! 


 what about if u were considering fixing nails to grown nails? 


Recover from strep throat and then get bronchitis not even 2 weeks later.
I'm on point with my illness game right now. Killin it 


wow... he must be REALLY important to need 4 spots...     people who work at makeup stores that wear their makeup like clowns, really reassure me.  


Rejoice! 11,000 potential  terrorists put to death in Syria! Better safe than sorry!  


Alabama was clearly the best team in the nation 


" Glad I got to talk to you today...  


Outdated
Like your friend who's so up to date &amp; attached to his smartphone     to the dorm to see no one is here. Wooo. 


 Thanks for not being uplifting. I'm more down in the dumps now. Thanks! 


I never thought they would run the QB there!  


  oh you know you miss all the angles   lol


ya ever hav  so bad ya crap came out wetter then a pornstar in a room of vibrators?  


Great feeling of not being able to sleep and no ones here to talk to.  


  Society has degraded Black women since we got to the USA. Why stop now? 


 Ahhh ok. I thought it was a reference to Lilo and Stitch 


Oh goody, I got to change a burnt out lamp. I feel SO useful! 


Yay here comes my 2 fav months!! January and February 



Wait, why is his daughter black? THIS IS NOT HOW I PICTURED HER!    


Alekhina released from colony after 1.5 yrs of hard labour. Tolokonnikova to follow. Putin is a kind man after all  


Just heard a line in a song that said, "Christmas past is past." You don't say. 


Dear Religion &gt;&gt;  &gt;&gt;     


 beating Norway in a friendly is a fantastic accomplishment :) well done you guys 


" GSoc...and here in New Milford, we are playing on a rare combination of real grass and dirt. Very unusual stuff. 


I love the fact that you tell me nothing anymore. 


Thank you Arden for deciding the best way to start the holidays was with  


Don't you love coming home to clean house.  


 just imagine dawson and perkins in midfield feeding them through balls 


 I know the feeling.    


I've to mind my drunk step dad tomorrow, this weekend just keep getting better. 


Told y'all Baylor didn't deserve that at large spot O_o 


Nice to know my boyfriend cares enough to drop me a quick text on Christmas. 


Ya know what I love about toothache, when it conjoins with an earache! 


Washed ALL the anamals that live here 2day...nd I'm soaked nd cold as f**k...nt a good day lol now bout 2 start washin clothes  


Dealing with insurance companies after writing off your car is super fun and an excellent way to waste 2 hours. 


Guess that's just another example of Subban not being good enough for the pk 


Hanging by the pool on the roof of the hotel. This couldn't get much worse!      im just trying to enjoy my MEXICAN food..and in the next booth, are 3 cops! Ha, isnt that fantastic!? 


   OMG it sounds like it's going to be a really fun party! 


Ron Cherry referee-ing this game,  only presenting it's best on the national broadcast.  


Did I say Derrick Henry was the greatest player I've ever seen? I meant Trevor Knight. 


 They are busy pimping a party out lately to care.  


Spilled my coffee all over myself. Today's already off to a splendid start 


Extra jobs. Uneven runs. Bad planning. Love it all. 


Hey...does anyone know if  has posted any new photo's to Facebook? 


My foots are cold and my hands are sweaty. Being sick rocks 


Well that was a real confidence booster  


 I can't imagine why anyone would do that. 


 I'm sure he has lots of friends who are minorities. 


Heat-related loss of ADSL sync...mmm, copper...the future...   


 Oh, what would I do without Rob Ford?

 (?)


Beautiful Seattle new years day.       wait to open all the "Merry Christmas" snapchat stories! 


 person: I like your name.
me: thanks, I got it for my birthday   is our second language hahah


Look what I saw in homebase today. penny cheaper!    on december 4th: me and 10 other gym rats. Gym on January 4th: me, 10 other gym rats and 60 randos...  


I love 5am practice on a Monday morning when it's the first day back from break... Love them. 


Companies are giving away scholarships through Instagram Seems legit. 


What's better than being sick on Xmas eve...  


  lol.That's not embarrassing at all...  not it's in a little heart and everything


Think with Jones and Milner England have a pretty decent chance in Brazil next summer.................  


I am totally being productive today.       warm today. Can't wait for winter to really start.     the Warm-Weather I'll have this Week   upgrades Greece's debt rating
Should be smooth sailing from here.....    

 What do you mean? She got her team to write a press release about it! That's something! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Just love having to get up at 5:30 with someone else's kid. 


    not always.  translated into tweets!! FWAW :)


My favorite family members just arrived!!  


New super loud neighbors...just what I wanted for new years    


Snow day without snow? Thanks mother nature.  


 Oh FFS. He's gained fans! Wow, such a awful thing.  In all seriousness, that's good. :)


   but....what about best chance to win? 


My stomach is killing me. Its gonna be a fun night!  


My mom making us late for a baby shower nooo way! 


My favorite throwback pics are the ones from like 2 weeks ago..  


Tonight's extra curricular activity is: oil change. Yay. I'm so thrilled. ESP since they give free coffee and day old newspaper. 


Good work YNN Rochester on your excellent journalism.and reporting 


i love how  is more accessible via twitter than ACTUALLY TEXTING HIM!!! 


TWITTER RAWKS. Reason  Hot Ladies drinking beer 2night. Show it! Not as good as boob shots. But will do in a pinch.  


 but theyre far away, and I need a new shiny toy!!! 

 (Just to be certain)


 didn't you hear? Yzerman doesn't think Crosby can spell intense. He's not being selected  


Can't sleep and I'm working all day tomorrow until half 7     


 my parents are so supportive .   


 true, but the sun is out so it doesn't feel as cold! 


I especially liked when Castro locked up all the AIDS patients...   


"If we gon do it den, we do it big" Wise words from Jameis Winston Heisman Speech 


Thanksgiving break! Yay! Good thing it's filled with projects....    


Oh kian won what a major shocker that was... 


It's depressing knowing that when I wake up for work at 3am,  will still / be heading home from town.  


I absolutely love when people open my snapchat and don't reply....


 I mean they're pretty much the same thing. 


Lovely day for a drive. The roads aren't even slippery. 


S|O too bam wiping his sweaty hands on me after the game.  


Some things just never get old.    


I love that feeling of not being good enough!      


I don't like Hedley  or anything      and supposably it only gets better from here...  haha!


Well, I'm glad I totally follow the Lakers...   


Jap ag mesti ad hk tweet nk maye Asar. Narak nk tweet ugop bndo g2.



Bumper to bumper traffic in a neighborhood. Awesome. 


Snow day? Bout gotta watch Christmas movies! Ugh.    


Musharraf feels heart pain right before treason trial, pretentious much?   


 Can't fecking wait!  the best thing about tonight was that curry. I'd work it again for the curry!!


    muhaha we can dance on podiums together 


   they will just trade Spooner like they did with Seguin! Doesn't the system 


At least we can now concentrate on our league promotion push.....  


I love it when I try to apologize and you ignore me.  


*coughs* 
RT  Wish I was in Cardiff today to watch the big match.  


welp successful day today went to the ortho got some coffee and two pictures. yes just two. 


My whole family have flu... This can only end well for me.  


My calc grade is going to be soooo good after that test!  


I hope we have one snow storm a week for the rest of the year ... Lol 


"I speak 4 languages:       Palazzo di Suzanna   not talking about friends. I'm talking about randos that give me their opinion. I love when people talk about me behind my back 


I wonder why the news isn't talking about this snow storm 


So apparently Manning is only throwing TD's to Decker. Perfect! 


Gotta love it when  switches from the  game to the  game in Atlantic Canada. 


Yay snow day!!!  why can't we just have a delay?


Who needs an alarmclock when you've got constructionwork drilling you out of your bed  


 nah it's about gangsta shit thug life yolo yo yo yo yo  


This is the third day in a row of people turning my day from "pretty good" into "relatively shitty." Good job, folks. 


:-P Damn Western influence. Eeeeeeevil!   


 Bucks wearing your favorite uni tonight.....  


Have not watched the Bachelor, but reunion is on, my goodness, mothers of these girls must be so proud   


Coworker does a $1,400 sale, gets genuine praise from boss. I do a $30,000 one and get a tempered "ok, cool". It's good to be king 


Where are the Dolphins playing tonight, Japan? Because they are getting Slaughtered!!!   


It's a pile of buttons.          thank you all for making my day so, so very wonderful. 


Deep reflections inbetween songs.    b careful out there now... Don't let all this ice slip u up!    


 Big Bird should have been red &amp; then called Big Red Bird 


I hour and 24 mins until I start work...  


 North should be soooooo proud of her parents 



 let's not do anything silly. Ultrarunners NEVER do anything silly 


 an accident on the  ??? Surely not! That almost never happens.  


You know, it's nice to see Joe taking being in government so seriously...  


Making massive headway with the dissertation literature review   


Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. ~Albert Einstein  or plain 


"Judge denies  discovery request." I sure didn't see this coming! 


Wow. I'm glad I don't have a guide dog, then, or else I'd get kicked off too.  . see last RT.


They put me on repacks by myself... This job loves me! 


So glad my laptop crashed on me wit 2 finals this week  


 I've got Torts on Fridays - it's fantastic!! 


I can't wait till 230 tomorrow because I will be crying over my failure on this history final. 


Looking forward to another 4 hour drum rehearsal tonight 


What an awesome way to start my Christmas vacation!  


I absolutely love when you text me first, I text back, then you don't answer. 


Of course I would rather be doing this than laying in my nice comfy bed.   Ditto. I especially loved Dickie V's "Parker, Parker, Parker" shout right before that one commercial break 


The irony of this is that I'm doing the same thing they are doing  RT  Fire Emery. Fire Trestman. I want my defense back.


Your life sounds like such a struggle, please tell me more... 


My past is my past. Thanks for bringing it up. I almost forgot. 


 I hope peeing and vacuum flush doesn't add up fee. 


You'd think the Blues were playing Chicago tonight or something with all the words fuck and Chicago in the same sentence. 


I mean really, how hard is it to read a rubric? I guess 450 minutes of class time, 2 weeks notice, and an extra wknd isn't enough. 


 well.. you know... some people in my life make me feel soooooo loved.. 


I finally understand why I don't have any friends    put that video of me dancing on Instagram  


All coaches are great and the only reason their team lost is b/c lack of talent.   Get tired of hearing that excuse over and over


 can't tell. Leave this shit hole then. Maybe if u move somewhere else the bitches will be better. 


How are they inspiring? They inspire kids to sext &amp; fuck. Awesome.    


 haha I wish. They're all over the place these days  bring him down


It's a   when you  your  and   is so   just  you're a  due one tomorrow hasn't scored in one game  


I feel so great and fresh this morning  


My mom is amazing at telling me what I should have done  


 Well if Kansas City blows they still can take consolation how far they've come 


"Let's find the terrorist" started outselling Monopoly as  fam fun time game! 


I'm really lucky that I hate writing papers and that's the majority of college  


 we've got prolific strikers like Reg Varney, Hunt, Poleon.. who needs a proven goalscorer? 


passed out asleep and just woke up... im gonna be up all frickin night now.  


 gay as fuck. What time tomorrow?  


this is my 1000th tweet... omg omg omg omg!      


  still gonna be hard to find the best players without the best online service... 


Working 28 days in December so that's an average 10hrs per day  


 is anger and aggression disguised. It's not a sign of a healthy brain at all, it's a   I'm glad my friendship meant a lot to you. 


You sure do know how to make me feel great. 


 Yeah, Australia's prep for the first test has been wonderful: some playing ODIs and a T20 in India, Watto's dodgy hammy etc. 


I love when people dont reply to my texts...


Grad. Highschool, get married, get a job, go to church, and have children.  


 Awaiting Rex Ryan news conference. Can't wait to ask him about improved run defense.  haha good shit rich


The wind brought in the cedar pollen.  Fantastic! 


Nothing says college rivalry like West Virginia and Iowa State  


 thanks for that I will remember that for future reference your such a life saver like Jesus 


6 followers! I am so popular right now!   


Hilarious piece: If You'd Lived In North Korea Wouldnt You Take Part In Some Crazy S..t?      


Justin beiber is retiring?.... Huh how sad  


 didnt the rams beat the bears? Nfc west has 3 teams with 10+ wins. Nfc north.. ZERO hey real competitive division! 


Nobody can understand why I'm so effin crazy unless they pmsed multiple times in one month   :(


What would we do without the FDA looking out for us?     Even though I make the same journey everyday. Great service yet again. Thanks. 


Friday night was spent listening to Tibetan monks chant....the perks of academia 


Wouldn't want to spend my Saturday night with anyone else.  


 I really feel like the Skins can make it this year. They can go all the way.  


Romo just got picked off again to ruin the game. CUT HIM NOW.  


I sure am glad there aren't any blisters on my feet. 


 Ah maths ? Deadly I love maths &amp; totally understand Enda's teaching methods ! 


 ZuuuuC has proven he is WeBleedBlue shirt worthy - Coming Soon !" Oh is he, what an honor.  you had a clowe shirt


I don't know what to say except. excellent job and leadership, and thats why they get paid the big bucks   


 thanks for all the beat up animals and starving kids commercials. Really makes the whole experience more fun 


 Did you? 'Cause I'm parked in my PJs and watching White Christmas, knitting. Yes, I'm actually 65, not 25. 


Hope I get another 6.30 early dart tomorrow  :-)


 I forgot my  tag. I guess they want to be like twitter where you can DM stuff, but i can see the evil (blackmail)


 Yet it is gonna 'give' everyone coverage except the poor? Wow, what a great program! 


 So if $CTIC gets a deal, that must mean $NWBO isn't far behind, right 


Well.. Today was awesome. Birthday week is going great. 


Cruel world. Cruel people.  &amp; I am their king. 


I love only being able to sleep/lay on my back.. 


I love accidentally pressing the Siri button instead of the emoji button in the middle of a lecture hall.  


i love monotone voices with hard hitting bass its my favorite type of rap. so good.  


I have to go hang out with my older brothers and sisters and my nieces and nephews  


Duke doing just about everything right so far ... except for offensive rebounding  


The last time my knee hurt this bad was sophomore year when I originally screwed it up.   


15 minutes till arctic monkeys are announced ;)   


At the vet...he just loves this place :)   a high GPA is overrated. Its all about having a higher BAC. 


 lol yeah because he would be SOOOO useful riding the bench. 


Absolutely loving the feeling of my wisdom tooth bursting through my gums.      


Should we go to the playoffs with our backups as starters?! 


2 hours in and were just through Dayton  


I might just put "Ladies of Tinder, join the 27Gs in the bank train... baby cakes". What do you recon :-/ 


"Attention seeker"
Really self-harming is for attention? Thats exactly why we hide it. 


 Free updates for only a year!? Even back then, devs were greedy!! 


Yeah , no I didn't want you to text me back it's fine .. 


 I told you the blonde highlights were a mistake! Jk jk... 


Wow I had no idea so many car dashboards could tell the temperature!    


yay my mommy gets to drive me to and from school!  


Wowzers! Seems like i went a bit over the top last night. At least i wasnt too needy 


 You, sir, are a terrorist. Stop propagandizing your War on Thanksgiving. 


Oh don't you just look excited to be working at a booming mall kiosk. 


Jaywalking in front of a cop. Yep that's pretty much the extent of my rebellious side these days  


Btw Kobe Bryant went 2 for 9 in shooting and 9 points out of that then 8 turnovers. Sounds like a great night to me hahah 


 &lt;3 you know I always keep it classy...just like everyone in delco 


Thats why youre paying him 100+ million    


Guys its fine that we lost. Look at the stats omg they say we just edged it lets make a massive thing out of it  


Engine management lights on!    


I love the way in WWE'13 they give you moves specifically for Tyson Kidd like The Hart Lock but no Tyson Kidd in the game! 


 well obviously an 83 Toyota requires someone with specialised knowledge  - what an idiot LOL


  i bet you are so proud of   battlefield 4 has been a stellar success . 


Turnover on downs! That's the Giants we all know and love! 


Michaela Dobrev was in Toronto all holidays. Nina spent Christmas with The Houghs and New Year wiht friends. Such a good daughter! 


  hasnt produced as a runner. One attempt for 5 yards &amp; a lost fumble  


Olly walked in, took one look at me and said 'You look nice'  


The day most people return to work, is the day the bus decides to arrive late. Nice one.  


Wow I can't believe how clear the roads are, if I didn't know any better I would never even have known it's been snowing 


 know what I can't wait to buy... Another woocmerce extension! 


 I assume you need sponsors and they wanted you to work for free 


   oh dear,can't think why you'd think that :( did classic move frm north london 2 bucks 


Just as the  'fixed' the  for the  it is obvious they are fixing it for Hamilton due to them playing in Guelph 


  just making sure you know   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


A Saturday of earned value management homework. So. Enthralling. 


Now that nene has achieved God status and is all knowing it's time for her to move on from the piddly world of reality tv  


NBC news says its warmer  south pole than in Chicago. Must be because of global warming. 


Someone I went to highschool with was tagged on fb as a new worker at Mickeys in fayettville! Damn im so proud to be from sanford 


  yeah, defense has been lights out again 


Mitra just gave me her boots. Stoke for jumping puzzles using a touchscreen device.  


Using a questionable source such as a link from a satirical blog is definitely going to validate your statement. 


 I didn't know u liked the gaithers. This comes as such a shock. 


Airline Tax might double to $10... Gasp! That's still less than Ticketmaster's surcharges!  


 It's just that I've barely tweeted about anything else! 


When has "reform" ever made things worse? 
RT  Obamas NSA phone-spying reforms might make things worse  plz I'd like all my least favorite Xmas songs sung at deafening volume by Glee rejects outside my office door all week.  


  There's no need for  Why would you need  


I  when people are like "Hey Rob!!" and then they take a  photo of  &lt;---  yeah  i've always wanted to be slapped witha fish by a celebrity. :3 


Cuz no one in LA will be posting this right now...       heart, I can't deal! What a match! Should have been 3pts though... Thanks Joe Allen!    


Love how people watch super hero movies then say they are nerds. 


The best part about a long night of drinking is working in a shop the next day.   


no boyfriend November is going great !

i think no date December will go even better :) 




9 exams next week.. Yay! I just love school so much  


 I think you're looking in the wrong place for that Letty.  is what I have  x


Thank you SHA For watching the roads for the snow 


Joe Buck is so unbiased as an announcer.  


I had such a great New Years with my girlfriend. 


Therapeutics case week....can't wait for case month next semester! 


I've been awake for 10 minutes and I've already tripped up the stairs. Today's gonna be greeeeaaaaat. 


  trying to get a better draft spot? 


 yeah and  has had SOOOOOO many of those in his career so far. 


 i think you should play dj fresh feat diplo - earthquake some more, yas dont play it enough....  


Nothing like someone rubbing their dick on you in the lockerroom.   


    this protest brings out the best in Thai people \s 


I just love the fact that doctor appointments are never on time. 


  I can't wait to be bigger and stronger then you guys then finally I'll become fitness expert 


Shocking news... Derek Hough won Dancing With The Stars. That's just startling. I believe that's the 83rd time he's won. Congrats.  


Messy children make better learners.  / Exactly what Type-A parents like me want to hear. 


"  starts tomorrow  I cant imagine anything less than a packed house. 


Love it when that happens... Brightens my day!! 


So does anyone know if we are suppose to get snow this weekend?  


The fact that my parents wouldnt take me town but made me clean off my car because i am clearly driving right now 


Luckily I have a meeting with my roommate and my RA :D 


Everyone is an Auburn fan now all of a sudden  I love it. 


Justin is NOT retiring, because he tweeted that being a belieber is a lifestyle and he's never leaving us!   either almost evening(time flies while loose women is on  or its gonna piss down. Prob the latter.


Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day... 


Because nothing says study music quite like some Insane Clown Posse 


Good thing Trussville cancelled school today. Driving conditions are near perfect.  Remember today on that makeup day in May.


There were so many cute pics I wanted to post, they were like 50...thanks so so much  to tumblr daily post limit 


Lol people think I'm mean because they take me too seriously 


 the state of Arkansas is a real winner 


 It was just   When a government wants to cut rights and freedoms, I don't know what to expect next! No trust at all!


I wouldn't make an effort to hangout with me either 


You sound really smart when you post a long status with no periods or commas  


Wow. Just sick of this whole fractured hip thing. And then I go and hurt it again. Perfect.   


Oh I forgot that Lea and Joanna never lie or do anything malicious. Silly me.  


 wut i'm sayin'    that's why they would be da happiest, c'mon guh. Get wid it


I'm so excited to be amazed by this famous Jameis news conference! Everybody tune to    


OHMYGOD. Pizza Hut said 6:59 and it's 7:01 and they're sill not here. They suck.   


Nice too see kris boyd getting game time after the huge build up sky sports and stv did on him 


You seriously must be the coolest person ever. 


I love it when people come into the shop and expect that we have played every board game...  


 Of course it wouldn't Steve. The FA don't make as much money from WBA so why should we get the full benefits? 


I'm so glad none of my friends wanna hang out with me tonight   *cough*  


This week just keeps getting better and better 


 Ohhh nooo from a 1000 to a 98?!?! How terrible! 


Ooh you unfollowed me. Im so hurt!
My sarcasm is as thick as carmel!  


My nose bleeding right now is super efficient  


My car got fixed, but now the lock button on my phone won't work &lt;&lt;&lt;  


 who "confirmed" the "alleged" misappropriation of fund by her? The Villa?    


Thanks to the idiot who feels its acceptable to bump my car and then drive off.  Nice one.    Cutler - 7 years and over $17million? Yeah, that makes sense.   


you wouldn't know there's a big band on X Factor, they've hardly mentioned it 


Can't wait to see Mo off eastenders in the jungle! 


I love the people who come into shop and save. 


Babysitting the brothers tonight   


Roll on next week when I have to share the same building as them whoooop partaaaay  


Those new jerseys really affected Ray Allen's jumpshot. 


   two days to Christmas and no word yet. Merry Christmas to us! 


It's important when someone you know gets some success, that you do everything you can to piggy back off that success for yourself. 


   everyone except me getting help for their delays. Thanks.  


I love the way that people think that freelancers are just sitting around waiting for their call. 


Campaigners appalled after The Sun publishes story of young trans boy on front page  just gets better 


    Kudos to council for a very mature behaviour 


Carrie Underwood is an exceptional actress. I dont know why she hasnt been in movies and won Oscars yet.  


" ayyy thanks for texting back  :)" Your welcome :)


Steve Ott is everything that is wrong with hockey. Scumbag with no talent gooning it up.yep, definitely the best part of hockey. 


"Chemtrails do not exist." I repeat, "Chemtrails DO NOT exist!" Skies tonight over Gulf Coast of FL.    it time to unmerge some airlines?" Yes! How dare they become profitable?!    I get taken for granted by my own friends, and I still stick around. thanks guys.  sorry bby 


 I am working on a special font for that. 


I love getting home from work at 1:15 am...oh wait. 


ABC, NYT Repeatedly Lied About CIA Operative Robert Levinson  What...newspapers...lie?  


Thanks  guess I don't want anything on my baked potato. That will be yummy.   RT  Nothin better than going on Facebook and seeing engagement ring picture after engagement ring picture. 


 our presentation is gonna be amazinggggg  jada will laugh


The biggest achievement for me like any other year is that I haven't fell in love :$  


s/o to whoever had the brilliant idea of inventing the position paper  


Some of the clues for the Metro crossword just amazes me.  


Its nice when the govt office is open the exact hours you work.   fucking passport


Its a good thing my final is literally all the way across campus today because I always wanted to walk StonyBrook during a blizzard 


  I dunno. Some of them freshman look like they could be models.  


Well it's about time United picked that youngster Giggs to play from the start.  


 that's surprising, he never seems to want a new contract 


My ticket is a snip at 400 a month for this top draw service  


why are you so quite ? I bet that's because your life is so damn fun now ! 


That was about as good as you're gonna get. Lou Holtz screaming over Boomer Sooner.  


My version of 'eat.sleep.rave.repeat' seems to be eat.sleep.work.study!!! Getting bit bored now -_-   


 I'm sure this has /nothing/ to do with that image. Right. X2 


 A miss? Starring Ben Stiller? Who saw that one coming?   


Glad there are people like you to show those two young girls what REAL bullies do    


   what ?! No ! Visca barca messi ! Pique best defender in history ! 


Really surprised to see that a player not talking to the media for a whole season is such a damnable offense in the No Fun League 


 hjb :( you miss me, you da bestest best friend ever cos I saw you everday in the holiday  -_-


 I am pretty sure this will solve Bihar's problems 


 Come on now. In Verne's mind there is no conference other than the S...E...C... 


Thank you all for helping me window paint  


 I dialed up the game on my TV but it was in a commercial........ironically for Dial soap.  


What i got as wedding anniversary gift...being summoned to court.    The greatest knick ever returns to the garden tonight  LMAO LMAO   lol


Oh, you're a YouTuber that describes yourself as a nerd, watches Dr Who and plays the Ukulele. You're SO unique. 


Following success of     is planning a new event  the Musical  


It wouldn't be a family holiday if everyone wasn't screaming at each other  


School tomorrow... oh, how much joy is in the air...  


This weekend I have mostly watched "The Big Bang Theory" Series 1 &amp; 2. Science and Comic Books. Who would have thought I'd like it? 


I have to work in the am luckily insomnia  has taken over, I didn't want to sleep anyway   


  I have already had my frustration quota for today with their *helpful* call centre!!! 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 are you sure your Mom won't go into  from you tweeting at me?  how is she?


 We know  real as all the other planets in our solar system inhabited by mankind also have rising temps 


 makes me want to do the Homer Simpson sarcasm skit every time I see it.


Again Another Week  Aren't Competitive Thank You Dennis Allen Your A Great Coach U Deserve Another Chance  


if I didn't know how to pump gas before, I do now. thanks ps 


Thanks connor that meant a lot coming from You 


I missed so much but nobody wanted to update me. Thanks so much btw 


I just love flying over my house from Portland 


I just love it when people say they had a crush on me in middle school like thank god that went away  


This reminds me of myself and a little lady I work with :)     time I've had a horn honked at me in a while, still got it 


A good example of a camera shot in ending pose    for canceling our flight from GSP this morning and rebooking us on a flight tomorrow without letting us know 


Oh I am so excited for this Spanish test that I'm gonna take!   


This is how my children will dress  but forreal tho..  Good thing there is no school today.  


Perfect weather to play some football in Philly 


I just love being alone with my little sister and hearing loud banging outside my house.  


 well, that's one way to do it. Sounds like a feasible long term approach.  


If you're in 8th grade &amp; you're tweeting "turn up bitches," you probably have a lot going for you  


'Day of the Doctor TRAILOR!!!!!! :D  oh my god (this is so not visual at all. lol)     n  kno wut i like to do at 6 in da freakin mornin n it sho aint drivin down    


 The lovable left, they are such caring people, aren't they?
 


Wow it's amazing how you say one thing and do another! That's impressive! 


Yaaaay for being at work &amp; dealing with people who don't speak any English!     take a leaf out of Cecily  and Gwendolen's book and only like people called Ernest, it worked for them 


 wait... you're gay?!?!    


 I really doubt the cop said "hashtag anonymous mask" 


 Huh????  Trade Jaro, Moose and Jakey for Ryan Miller now!!!!!!!!!!  


  don't cry because its over 

cry because you're ugly definitely a  comment... 


i'm not allowed to do that when they aren't here. i might burn might burn down the house



Yes! Weve warmed up! Earlier it was -14F. Now its -10F.  


Yah you don't look like a pedophile at all in that pic!  


  From now on Dr. DeDe, us Auburn fans expect you to force your players to attend Auburn.  


Now my Lakers need to beat the Heat....I mean Sixers they are playing like the Heat sorry 


If yall better than me, you can do this shit without me  cuz alot of niggas wouldn't be that hard without me


   YesIslam is definitely a moral religion. 


Obviously having an tryst with    brother bc when you snap with someone- that's what's happening... 


It appears the right Heisman trophy finalist won. 


Ignoring someone makes everything better, doesn't it? 


      let Auburn tell it he's flipping tomorrow lmao 


 I forgot the  hashtag. You gonna go down and check it out?


 So you would prefer pissy, high strung Melody, over your daughter's happiness? Great parenting. 


Some of you's r real winners at driving in the snow... 


 When I was a kid, 10c could buy me a small bag of mixed lollies. 


Good job we aren't planning on buying any players in this transfer window  


 Haha! Be like "on my way to steal yo' girl"  really?  that sounds so tiring, lmfao! 


" Wtf is "Lolzzz" ?! 

Did you laugh yourself to sleep ?
   honestly bt few r ppl who understands 


 Soccer so boring  Arsenal has more points than Dolphins vs Bills 


My favorite Saturday pastime it catching up on all of the DVRd Knicks games we missed during the week.  


  thats been the plan all along ...  ha ha.. Ha


See! The BCS always gets the 2 best teams for the title game. Why change it now?!? 


 I wear "shorts" under my baggy tee's too.  


Good Morning World!!!  it's Saturday! And I'm at work.... Yay me!  


Is Old Trafford the new Anfield. Man Utd can't win there? Gee, an excellent start to my morning. 


Such a beautiful day about to go swimming its so hot out. 


I love when our team is healthy and doing shitty and people on twitter say "Let's just play the Griffin players" . 


 That's because you r a trained evaluator of QB talent and know all the transferable skill sets it takes to be NFL QB 


Okay, because I was the only one who cleared it up.. 


Thank God all these NBA player tweeted    


15 hour shift tomorrow? Woo looks like it's gonna be an awesome last day. Haaaa....  but thankful 


 lines as far as the eye can see just to check in at Logan. Brilliant efficiency 


No sleep, sick, school, then work. Best day of my life. 


In this tweet, I shall thank  for blowing up my phone and iPod...  
 


The girl I'm wrestling today took 2nd in state so she's not even good enough to get 1st, so whatever right I'm not even worried 


Get your Rock salt, get your rock salt honey! Plus GoT. Marketing at it's best...  THE EARTH IS NOW 2014 YEARS OLD THAT IS SO AWESOME
   


Thanks to  and  fir making my party awesome    


Wow. I had some classy bitches as friends in  


I just love it when people don't answer my texts  


when white people try to talk black &gt;  


Use to be a time where two people dated cause they liked each other for them.. CAN TOU BELIEVE THAT SHIT!?! Crazy right?  


Friday night, home alone, no where to go. Thats the fucking life. 


Tweets but no txt, alright. This is gonna be a great day



   
Havent you watched the Olympics Wendy? Divers make good coin you know. [


I'm pretty sure even if someone stabbed me a hundred times it still wouldn't hurt as bad as this does so that's good  


The good news for the Pistons is they dont have a first round pick this year. 


 " So, my boys are morning people just like  LOL! 


I love how ppl that don't even have Twitter now text with hashtags. Its like they need an outlet to pretend they are cool  


 go to the mall. Lots of parking. Lots if happy citizens.  


Today has been a great day and I haven't even left my house yet  


If it wasn't for Pierre McGuire and the rest of the NBC hockey announcers, I wouldn't know shit about hockey.........  


There is nothing better than a candlelit piss on a cold winters night!   


Glad my family is so supportive of me through this hard time. 


  hey, this is supposed to be fun and inbetween draft talk there is coach searching talk!!!!! Lovely....


Big thanks to    today   need a big night from  &amp; 


good job ya fuckin nerd. I was hoping bell would get a TD today.... 


  Easy. Hilary or Dylan probably need more air time. 


So happy my teachers gave me all the break homework yesterday incase we had a snowday!   


An episode of agents of shield that ties into thor? How could this possibly go wrong? 


Ohhhh my Gaaaad, sooo scary so scary Taec!!! LOL =P   laycall since we have ran up the middle so well all year 


I'm glad my glorious plan worked out perfectly!  


You're girlfriend wouldn't even sleep with you anymore.. That must mean she's using you just to be happy. Sounds real happy. 


I've never met someone so cool in my entire life, jus how do you do it 


What a high intensity game on   with  vs   What a high scoring  defensive battle 


Yes because I most deff said you were poor because you work at walmart.  only I said about you was that you were fake.


Nothing like going out to eat with a guy on New Year's Eve 


Love that they play "roar" every time clemson does something good.   


 Soooo many people care about how your grades turned out this semester.   except your 4.0 


Holidays in the airport really bring out the best in people. 


Its not like i wanted these tickets anyway im sure you can all tell i dont like One Direction THAT much 


  she knows the sky is up too?!?! Woah..  


It was never easy that "it was a football kicked into the box to a millionaire footballer 4 feet from goal 


  That's OK. That guy is garbage.  


Here's some good news! The rain has turned to snow!



 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


Awww poor Daniel. He's all hurt and devastated that someone else is being pimped at the hospital for a change.  


Surely A&amp;E wouldn't continue to profit from a hit TV show they have so publicly admonished? Would they?  


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.         


Thank you for watching another NFC East telecast, 


Thanks a lot,  for overloading my phone to the point of RESTARTING ITSELF! Y'all's links are handy if i need that! 


Finally catching up on a show just in time to watch the fall finale and then wait a month for a new episode!  


Writing papers and studying all day....its a good thing I didnt have anything better to do...  


Everyone's allowed to comment on everything except sports journos who specialize in a sport. They must stick purely to that sport. 


So I vented my frustration at  on Facebook, and the duty social media dude responded.    the pictures that have been taken tonight...im SO looking forward to them..  


Oh yeah I love NOT getting replied to because we weren't having a conversation in the first place ? 


pretty good crowd at the fiesta bowl.   


The caliber of people in Bridgend town is just fabulous. 


love getting bitched at when I've already got a migraine! 


How are we going to clarify  etc? BBG: Twitter VP Announces User Handles, Hashtags Might Be Removed From Service


 I have a fake gf ;) I'm talking to her right now that why I stayed home. 


Surprising how big the community run was considering the 7 degree temp. Misery loves company?    love how funny trav thinks it is I have all the creepers.   


Tea, florence and the machine, and screen snake alone in my room great last friday of 2013 


Who would wanna be in the same bed with you? 


 Indeed my dear sarcastic tweeter, you must feel like a bastion of validity as you wrote this...  rules


Hahah esto pasa a menudo.. plop!     !! By   love it when I come home and he has to leave to hang put with the    


I love living next door to a school and hearing the bell ring every 90 minutes along with the screams of hyper active children.. 


  The elderly can be awfully agressive, especially in wheel chairs. 


I knew I should have just drove in today. Thanks  


This is Glasgow....oh my God!! Were all gonna get blown away!!!!    Ya cause firing Lowe will get the Oilers winning again 


Some girls should really start eating make up so they can be pretty on the inside as well!! 


Leona Lewis is releasing a Christmas Album, Don't all rush to buy me it at once.  


So the sound on my tv decided to go out,  yay 


Can't wait to see what all the typical white girls got on instagram 


Doing late night laundry, noticed my car battery is dead. Oh joy. 


Some professors have quite an encouraging words  


The amount of care level I have for these tests is off the charts 


krombach  i love your  blasting indie music in penner 


95% people who use  don't view as being hurtful, they tend to think of themselves as being  &gt; big diff in 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


The wi-fi in residence is sooooo fast Im getting a nosebleed 


A Dr. Office waiting room is a cool place to hang out,  like a nice Bar or Coffeehouse.   


Just missed my flight by 10 minutes. Thank you Oklahoma weather. I can't wait to sit here for the next 10 hours.  



10 Photos Of Plus-Size Models We Deserve A Pat On The Back For Running  via 


Wait you mean a man who grew up in Louisiana, leans right, &amp; is religious isn't down w homosexuals?   


Legs are in a jocker after training! Swimming is gonna be, Fun in the morning!  


WHOA. " Yay, the return of the worst non-acting "actresses" ever!   Please cancel that mess 


Signed off from work for another week. Deep joy. 


I love being this old. I've waited all my life for this and it's even better than I thought it would be. 


Facebook should start a button that says " I can't believe your single"  


It's 4pm and I haven't had lunch. Love days like this. 


 Let's hope the rat shields keep them on the ship for a change [this kind I CAN believe in]  lol :o)


  Watch out bro, I'd be kinda afraid of a mad Laurel. She's pretty intimidating... 


LOVE when FR Point decides to fix a problem themselves by doing my Matchup duties! Focus on YOUR job and we wont be backed up. 


  Nahh it'll go off without a hitch. You'll see. 


"I'm working on my ponytail and yoga breathing. Ready for fun." -   


So many people here watching the fights with me!!

/


 But I had so many cool ideas! Chalk board painted candleholders, black fascinators, a whole menu!  


Clearly Ryan Griffiths has a big future on tv  


I love it when professors give you absolutely no direction for a paper whatsoever.  


Had a good weekend of fun with lots of ppl. But sadly had to come back to reality :( oh the joy :(   


   Yeah, that makes sense. Now I get it. 


My day just keeps getting better and better   


I'm really looking forward to spending my New Year's Eve doing nothing. 


 wha?? Client with unrealistic expectations and no money? How can this be?! 


 -38 tomorrow with the wind chill can't wait to work in that!!!!!  


And gossip continues! Special thanks to two very special people who like to cause pain! 


When people say they miss you but always have an excuse when you try to hang  but don't worry this isn't to you  


So yeah this didn't hurt that bad at all.     i have no idea what I am doing :) thanks a bazillion.  :) how am I doing?


Gosh I love working in this weather it's super fun. 


Very festive lady in the co-op, buying a 5 lotto scratch card and saying thisll do as a christmas present. Very thoughtful. 


My plans for my break today: audit case or theory presentation.  Forgot the chapter I needed for the case &amp; my theory book.  


Cuz you know.. I'm soooo ready to go to school tomorrow -_- 


I have to pay a fortune for all my prescriptions monthly. Thanks, Obama. 


 OMG based upon this understated unbiased article GS should be happy to be defensive coordinator at Rutgers 


Seriously, the noise that this stupid pipe is making is so annoying  


Great convo 
p.s that conversation actually sucked fat rhinoceros balls 


Charter is having problems with their parental controls on HBOgo. Thank god everything on HBO is PG so there's no problem  


"If it makes you feel any better, I forgot my reading glasses."  yes Frank that really does help. 


I have 3,446 followers and only FOUR have greeted me. Wow you guys are so awesome. I love you. 


My  train is running late?!? This never happens!? 


My favorite thing in the world is squatting after 4 400's  


I hope if my Tweet reaches an alien race many light years away from earth, it doesn't reach there on a working Monday.



Lol that good angith? "  lmao yeah I guess that's good 


Really really sad that I'm not in Europe for the Holidays :-P  cc    love implementing new features right before go-live ( Luckily  makes it very fast to turn around new functionality


  - Post office works? $16bn in the hole. Inefficient. Yep, works perfectly. 


 almost makes you wanna be long doesn't it?... lol 


Oh no! It's the  Whatever shall we do? 


Ahhh it's truly glorious being an insomniac because you truly don't miss anything that's going on in this beautiful world. 


Sometimes I sing so well, everybody around me starts crying. 


Robbie Threllfall scored a beauty today, maybe we should sign him back too?   


If this snow storm was during the week we would have a snow day tomorrow  


   Bitches get stitches? I would say aids but she's white. She won't get that. 


Man I just love getting only 3 hours of sleep! 


 thats the warning so that ppl can run, hide or disappear!    


Yup, a bad night of   That recent patch really nerfed quickscoping!   


Cc  RT  In Python, math.fabs(x) returns the absolute value of x. Now thats an intuitive function name 


 lovely....its nice to knoe that my birthday could be the week of my funeral....  


Someone sins daily and it's fine, but once they see someone sin on Sunday they're going to hell? Yup makes sense. 


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


Why wouldn't you listen to the sexiest man alive when it comes to your healthcare?    so excited to write my first exam today when so many people are done !  


So pumped to run for 3 hours tomorrow!     


 Really proud of all the work I did this weekend  same


Wow I don't think I've seen enough of those "me on New Years" tweets 


oh yeah so Hanukkah is over and much to my surprise, my parents didn't give me any type of "present". I'm confused :( 


S close to finishing my resume...I got this...one more page...gosh curse me and my  over involvement in extracurricular activities 


Yea I definitely can tell that all the stuff you've done to me you miss me so much   


So.. Still don't have internet, but it's ok, cos  have very nicely agreed not to charge us for the time we've not had it! 


Sweet timing to get sick. Last night was a Terrible. It's not like I have a million things to do. 


The amount of texts I have when I get off work is crazy!! hahah.  


Hey  you called the best game EVER!  


  silly a has no clue. He'll be the next one to leave. He'll be free to teach "blacks" to pull up their pants. 


 you know I'm doing it on purpose right? Oh...forgot to put  after every tweet.


Define struggle makababa ng stairs with a bad back. Yey! 


Oh a huge snow storm the day before my birthday? This never happens. 


Work is my favorite place to be on Saturdays. 


This weekend keeps getting better and better 


Funny how I tell you guys that my head's bleeding and you guys don't seem to care. Shows how good of friends you are.. 


Must finish writing for  before parents visiting from  tell me to "stop this silly   stuff." FunDayAhead 


 haha right! Well so sad he's not racing... Haha 


good thing Moss grabbed that punt - it was headed into the endzone.   


She said "act like a "normal" teenager take money to buy clothes, make up... Instead of books, DVD or twilight stuff" thanks mum  


 nope! It's so awesome! I have so much energy! 


So  does Barack Obama know anything that he doesn't hear on the news. 


What are the  going to do now that the  have claimed Taylor Pyatt? Cup dreams down the drain now!  


What bad luck for the Saints. Their players always seem to get hurt after a few first down. My heart goes out to you  nation 


whoda thunk the osu/clem game was gonna be a flag fest?  


Wow the Red Sox World Series bluray has a Budweiser commercial on it. Good thing kids don't like baseball and won't see that. 


 i m so excited to know who the scamgress pm candidate..so much suspense..very politics..so development wow doge (lol) 


  I can't wait for stairs tmrw.   


 What really!!!? Are you serious?  Noo it can't be true! Metrolink never has any issues! 


Me: so I heard you almoat hit someone backing up in the parking lot
Justin: are you calling me fat? 
...... lmao yes . Yes. I am. 


weather is spot on today....      


I can tell how wonderful everyone I know is because of their Instagram collages 


That's the deal that's gonna turn our entire team around...good job phils. 


 woah woah whoa! You haven't even bought me dinner yet. Haha lol    


Waiting for one of the morons driving down the road hit the ice and slide into my brothers truck. That should be a good time. 


Left at 4 to go Black Friday shopping. It's almost 2 now. Yippee!!   Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! 


 So you're saying that was a good game?   


 "Sounds like fun set" haha love you Andy!!  


Posting a Facebook status asking for a ball date doesn't even come off the slightest bit desperate...


 Hey BEZZY, hope you enjoyed watching that shit today, made my hangover so much better 


  up 1-0  from  &amp;  - see put Marty with the right wingers and he can produce  


Wait, so his name isn't The Governor?   


Good job, defense. Good job. Best in the league, right? 


Well this is pretty much the best Christmas Eve ever. 


 is meant to be more even on its initial stages  :P


   My ex? Yea I'd hit that.... with a car. Lol.  hysterical At Its Best


What I really love the most about shopping &amp; driving during the holidays is how incredibly nice &amp; polite people are! 


Kind of wish Monday would come faster.  This weekend has been oh-so-fun.   


 sure Emily. Don't let Ashley catch you talking to me like that. She may not like that.  


 it's true I've always wanted to be an actor/politician   


Just what I needed today, now the power's out and it's just me and my thoughts   


Oh no I'm losing my natural lighting, I guess I'll have to stop drawing Josh 


I'm just so happy I'm related to the two biggest bitches I know. 


I am still vertical so the Season (so far) has been good for me.      


ya kno sometimes I think I work at  the way shit just  to the nex day 


I love how much my gf is trying to talk to me rn and how much she misses me.... 


"I'm glad this is not a deadline-oriented business or anything."   in the    


Loss again for the  but on a positive note we ended a goal less streak on home ice! Yeah..lets get excited.  


 So you don't like free speech when it goes against your beliefs? Yep. You show a lot of tolerance. 


   they werent in the choices... Ahem u guys have a cricket team ?! No way!  :p


I love when i look like complete shit, and i get compliments on how cute i look. 


 thanks for the promised call back  


No I didn't want to see the view from up here...   no Jay Bouwmeester deserves to be on team Canada over Subban   


Absolutely LOVE evenings like the one I've just had.  


 Heretic! You shut up! You shut up right now, Mister Man! The Miyamoto will smite you for your insolence! 


Want 2 say how grateful I am 4 everything the MHSA does 4 the local media that covers HS sports better than any state.  


" Having fun is my drug." You just can't spell fun without friends  he he ..


 You're so selfish sometimes. I can't even stand it.   


 hahaha shit my leopard ran away today, not sure how I'm going to get around for the holidays now  


25+ hours and a cab later still not home. Thanks!      


 I happen to love ruston and their rds. Especially White Lightning rd. 


 College closed after 1, thank you winter storm! Conditioning now scheduled at 1:15 thank you baseball gods  


Jeff Triplett with another great display of officiating.  


Can't wait for the end of 2014 so I can see more of every girls year in end videos! 


 makes me miss being an college-level algebra and chemistry tutor. Wait a minute...


 Thanks for the beautiful, melodic wake-up call on this lovely  



Yeah, Minnesota's nothing like Iowa.    listening to some Kenny Chesney??  


It was raining in  as I passed - I'm so surprised 


 I'm already thinking they should include the neck beard in his bust at Canton 


 Ya - cuz' those weren't RC offenses at all...  


The joys of working with the happiest Portuguese Person in the world...   


You venting your shit is really making me miss you. 


 then go for more oculus rift then jack for you love the damn thing 


After this match I really hope Del Rio doesn't get lost in the shuffle 


You Messed My Head Up And Made It So My Temper Can Go At Any Time  


Wacky wings is actually a lounge??? Who the fuck knew...Amazing music...dim lights 


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


 :haha  . I reckon  is our future coach for sure. He would be great at it but we would miss him on sideline


Who thinks I should wear my full camo get up to school Monday? No one will see me   


I love how the radio plays the same five songs all the time! 


Glad to know that standardized testing in kindergarten will get my kids ready to "compete globally."  -  so done with hastags            


Social media "wars" (arguments) are so uplifting, encouraging, meaningful, and helpful. They push me to be a better man.  


 but self centered people are the best!  


Up early on a Saturday to do some first aid training.. Yippee! 


 is blowing up twitter! Calm down man!  


How about all that pressure the KC defense applied  


Only 2 players need a lift tomorrow to my U12s home game, but at least I had 12 hours notice 


Can't wait for all the chavs to turn up in their track suits and come carol singing at my door... 


  Bernard, have you seen the massive number of people hanging on Flinty's every twitty word?  


 why thank you! I've been working real hard and just love writing essays! 


  "doesnt means i talk about sex i am sex maniac"  haha


Nothing makes me happier than when I find out I have an ear infection and potentially the flu ..  


 He would never waste taxpayer money. Harrasment, drug use and drunk driving; yes. Tax waste; never.  


 as norm great  with not a hint of    with my new enemy jack.   


Wow. Really? I never knew.  RT  Rhodes beginning conclussions, "The City of  is a municipality."


 but the  behind the main     ... But let's be factual won't  the 13th is being great just so great 


Wait! It SNOWED in New Hampshire?? How 'bout that and its only January haha!  


We added to our white Christmas in Eau Claire last night, can't wait to get out now and shovel   glad I stayed up to watch the  game last night 


Thanks, iPhone...I really didn't want my email accounts on my phone. Really. Thanks for resetting that whole thing. 


I love! Being left out intact it's my favorite!  


Love getting stood up and ditched. That's totally my favorite.   


I absolutely love how my hookah pen works for 5 minutes then stops 


 no kidding!! We all know  runs a tight ship!  


I also love how they are ALL GUYS!  Yeah thats just fucking amazing way to go kid! 


I am so on top of my game this morning...  


 Another player hurt as a tackler goes low &gt;&gt; another player hurt by tackle. Wen will they finally outlaw tackling? 


 Ya, t-shirts can be a threat to national security &amp; weapons to topple government RT  Cops start clampdown?


Spurs continuing to frustrate me. Good time to have another international break 


   Ryah!  Good JOB last night your sooo awesome, I wanna get be just like u wen I get younger! 


 oh great news..we are playing vs another back up in Washington this week... Hooray!!    


Tomorrow is going to be sooo much fun  


I've already cut my hair this week and I'm working on sunday. I'm all set for hell.

  


"Being in love is such a lovely feeling" - how insightful   


Well gonna be working Saturday/Sunday this week.   


Bengals cheap shot!   Cheap shot. Concussion.  


 [STC] yeah lol! Well that really fucking worked didn't it? 


Looks like they would play a Nissan commercial during this game...  


Last day of Christmas!! Get your shopping and carols in!!!  


. Cant have free markets cuz we are to stupid to know whats best for So govt has to tell us   


No good enough for the playoffs, not bad enough for a good draft pick    


you really know how to make a girl feel special. 


 through talent, determination, and good old fashioned elbow grease? 


 can't refuse a pay rise from  Guess who gave  its powers?  No conflict of interest there though is there? 


At least Towson is so considerate &amp; letting me pick my schedule this semester instead of picking it for me like they did for fall 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I am not on my  Mood and it's been like a week !! If I start I will definitely lose some Followers but who cares !
...Oops Im Back


Yes I would rather watch rams vs cardinals instead of Seahawks vs 49ers  


  is going to be linked with my Facebook.... 


Catching up on  UK! Love Heath &amp; Dexs relationship so funny !!   


 hey now they tried to market it. .. with little clips of the jersey showed weeks at a time. 


Im glad it took me this long to start cutting down on fake friends. 


 can't wait to hear everyone's favorite things about winter now!!!!!!!  yeah why do ppl do this now


Trying to get grandma to the hospital today and we are stuck in the car rental office attempting to get a car. This is awesome. 


I don't always watch netflix, but when I do I watch all nine seasons of my fav show in one day.  


 Nice job changing the lyrics to one of my fave songs   In the sky  in the sky.


 couldnt tell by your tweets... are you in Iowa or somethin?  


I'll stop being a sarcastic bastard when you stop being a stupid fuck. 


 but I do forget, it's okay because of the hate/dislike they have for her ( right there!)  can't be justified, ever.


I love how she gave me her email after the fact that the stuff was late 


 only if they brought back Digger. Can't understand why they killed him off 


This is the best episode of commercials ever!   


 I'm gonna say Happy Holiday for all occasions now: birthdays, anniversaries, bar mitzvahs, weddings, thanksgiving, Xmas... 


 special teams play is FLOURISHING without Dwayne Harris. 


  St At least they are not making unreasonable demands. 


Gehring is comparing Bush to Obama and is asking how they aren't identical. Hmm. I wonder... 


God I love shoveling when it's 10 degrees out! Thanks Dad  


  Especially since he just had a stinker of a game against (gasp) the Rams. 


Erika should be given tons and tons and tons and tons of Mtn. Dew. She is not hyper whatsoever. 


I get it. Michigan intentionally tanked this season just to try and spoil Ohio State's perfect season.  They really are this good. 


From my experience in  people are crazier in the apartment buildings than they are in the streets   


 I just looked down and thought wow your cool 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Annoying and Useless Jargons, indeed. via        


Well gee wiz this isn't in the middle of no where. 


Love afternoons like these         pahahaha! And the winner of happiest dog ever goes to... 


" Nothing like a snow day on the first day back to school." Jajaja 


So I am gonna be sarcastic. Not unless you want me to be rude.     soooo my dad knows me better than I actually thought he did.... The amount of novels he got me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


I'm done fighting,done arguing,done crying  done pasting myself, done hating now God is the controller


Won't be shopping because I work in the morning.  


I used to love my chemistry teacher so much and now after giving us 6 sheets with aboit 35 pounds I love her more  


Texans vs Jaguars will be the most watch NFL game of all time lol 


 I'm glad you visit hiram all the time. That's really nice of you 


And now the  have traded Luol Deng and get Andrew Bynum!!   


Easy with the  this NOLA kid won't get it.

  


I just love trying to watch a lecture and my computer says it's not responding. 


Oh, was the Sound of Music Live show tonight? DARN, I totally missed it. 


"Unity" has become mere  a statue.. where crows are shitting on it...   


Power washing the church  Hope you guys love the display! Merry Christmas Mom &amp; Dad!   for the 50p bonus for my 300 insurance policy, i'll treasure it always    yes we are born barbaric, hell with human rights... 


 would the board and fat Sam do that to the fans? Surely not. 


 I think the  Corsi just went up! 


  so glad some lawyer is in charge of the  he knows the sport 


That assembly really pumped up my Christmas spirit. 


 tonight... not nervous at all!  Should be a good test to the team though, see what these young bucks can do!!


 Don't be so judgemental so soon! You must purchase the game first to judge it at all mortal! 


I feel so accomplished when I get a notification that someone retweeted my retweet  


So James McClean didnt play cause he sustained a dead leg in training? Why didnt I think of that? The poor misjudged fella! 


Sydney: gracias......that means thank you in Spanish. Me: really?!?! I thought it meant please!!!  


Got sent home from work after 45 minutes   


 yeah cause it's not like you're needy or anything... What a strange thing for you to tweet... 


 is no different than the 'I had it rough as an urban kid' defense. To dismiss one is to dismiss both and that's racist. 


Everytime the scroll at the top of the screen mentions tickets for the jets game i reach for my phone to make the call!!  


"  it's some fairy-tale shit lol." Its the real deal!! That shit happens!! lol 


    Hahahah. I should have used the  tag.


 Were freshman, do you not know how you felt when you were a freshman? Thanks for being so very nice to us today. 


Thanks for asking what was wrong.. Means a lot to me... 


Well that just made christmas so much merrier! 


Looking at someone's photo and thinking 'I wonder why you uploaded that' 


 paedophile released because 11 year old victim "in love". Italian Supreme Court Justices FTW.  


They locked me in a room for months altogether and I got insane. Isn't it perfectly normal? What is the crazy in this?   

 


 ....and stars in 2015...that's 2 years from now....anything can happen in 2 years....boy that is a SOLID plan. 


This set is so..... realistic  Also she's no Julie says Rob. 


Sitting in the bank because of course I don't have anything better to do.... 


Absolutely love Ant &amp; Dec! I'm in tears laughing!     


 Umm excuse me, you mean 30% off a sweater.  


2 Romo INTs in the last couple if minutes to solidify the blowing of a spectacular lead. Never saw that coming. 


 well it's clear he is a detriment to this team and they should trade him 


&amp; I Wouldn't Forget To Have My Roomie Sign That He Witnessed Her Consent.  


He asked me to come watch the game wit him nigga that shit sounds poppington but I'll pass lol 


Im terrified just heard whu fans- Tottenham Hotspur we're coming for you! They have a good firm  


Looking through pictures from Friday and I just want to say thank you to   &amp;  for spamming my phone 


Idk if I can do my job!!! The life of an IT requires my index finger!!!! :o lol 


I bet all the heat fans here came to this game from Miami 


I totally love how all I have to do for my latte to become lukewarm is step outside 


 Well... On 2nd thought. Maybe Burke could be right... I mean come on.. The U.S is STACKED upfront aren't they?... :) 


The wife: 'Have you remembered that you're lactose intolerant?'   


Just ignore me.
I love being ignored.  


Oh boy... a Christmas card with glitter.  My favorite.   


 Thanks for cutting  grant money! You REALLY are FOR the people!   


Ohio state is playing Illinois? Yeah, y'all deserve to be number 3 


Induction continues tomorrow. Yay.  Excited about the pulse jet/ramjet hybrid project though! 


Love getting up early to haul my ass to the gym 


 dhb blocks like a tight end, catches like a db earning a promotion to special teams! Crabtree can only catch. 


Just cramped up like a mother fucker and all   did was laugh at me. Thanks for the help bud 


It's great to know that our friendship meant so much to you!   


Should be an interesting meeting at 2:45  


 u could find alien's who will manage to treat u  d dictionary if u don't understand.


 But who will add all those sleek "tech finishes" to each costume? Can't get enough of that scalloped armour. 


Nice to see New England helping out Baltimore today..... 


BREAKING: Rob Ford called to be impeached because he has no As in his name. 




 yea, who cares about the vets, anyways?   


You know your holiday trip is gonna be fab when your iPod charger breaks just days before Christmas -.-    


My mom thought I was being serious about wanting to go aqua jogging with her  


Dear Professor,
I only handed my paper in 5 weeks ago, if you could delay grading it till the end of the semester that's be great



Traveling at night is so much fun!!    


It must be nice to live in Missouri so you can go home whenever you want 


UNDONE by how Jane couldn't stop looking  her when they sat down. The hug was snuggly&amp;honest&amp; she was all immediately "nice beard" 


Omg this is going to be a fun ride home! lol 


 Exhibit A.. A clear example of the emotional abuse and neglect I am facing..  (please don't report this person)


I just love puking from carbon monoxide poisoning   


Steak Tuesdays!!!!!  not like me at all  


 make it close at 24 to 3 with last second 1st half FG 


Ayeee 400 followers , I'm twitter famous guys   


      CDC report is not a study, it's a TEMPLATE for future study.


That's cool. I LOVE crying at work...Thanks guests, I really appreciate your kindness at this time of year.  


Proper love Mondays. Quit smoking too, best day of my life  


Someone in my Chinese Cinema Class: "So is today's film in Chinese?" Me: "No, it's in French!" Other student: "Really?!" Me: "No" 


 hey  does Ryan Succops kick count? It gave the chargers a pass to the playoffs ? 


I look real cute with this band aid over my piercing. 


Just love gettin up and driving to spring hill everyday 


writing a paper on the roles of women in Shakespearian literature. This topic was a really great idea. I'm such a genius 


  you two are friends now or is this  at its finest


Another great day in the bobcat plowing with only a few hours of sleep. 


You know what's causing the coldest arctic outbreak in the midwest &amp; south since the 1990's? Global Warming.   am sure that reminding the Sens what a fabulous player they lost is going to pump them up. How could it not? 


   LOL yeah how kind of you. How do I remedy that? Read the  


I bet everyone was looking forward to watching the SAME commercials during the  


  I can't believe you didn't improve to their expectations! 


All the inbreds came out in folkestone today! Lovely people. 


I have elephants who live upstairs. It's not loud or anything!  


Thank you for the 30 notifications twitter. Appreciate it. 


  Thanks for your intelligent contribution to the conversation! That is  the other joke.


Sometimes you don't know how good you have a friendship until you lose it.   


Ah yes I love the taste of my blood after my mouth's been torn apart by the dentist  


 no gourmet butter at the local supermarket. Jesus, who are these savages ;)  


    it always good taking Farrah out 


And... I just purchased my 3rd new tire for my car this year. Yay!   


Totally don't hate myself for looking at Fear before finishing Plague...nopppeee...  


Annnnd I have a cold, and ear infection.
 


Oh my god snow everyone tweet your feelings about it so everyone can see how much you love/hate snow 


Holy shit. I can see that facebook's support team just just about as compitent as the people I work with. Good Job! Gold star! 


I can't wait to wake up at 5:15 tomorrow for my meet !    


 thank you for spamming My feed. Totally loving it 


pile of dishes with my name on them woooooo!!! 


 Oh. We can all go to sleep on that then. Show's over folks, Lily ain't racist.    


I Loooove how my mom tells me how to live my life.... Thanks ....-_- lol 



I love how my parents wont let me out tommroow, gotta love family 


5-0 and Billy Dodds says "you fear for hearts"  


Once again Eagles safeties in great position to make a play.   


They added another light on the way to work ..... That's what I need in my life  lol


At some point McCoy and Foles are not going to get much credit and folks will say they were just benefiting from Chip's system. 


I think it's time for  to make a new Cup song for the Habs. It's official they are the Cup favorites. 


Mom still managed to buy donuts for me even though she's mean like yeah. Hahahaha =)))  Thanks Mom!     lot of fights currently raging on Facebook tonight. Nothing better than people forcing their opinions on one and other 


It takes about 2.9 seconds for me to go  from "this is the best day ever" to "I want to stab every human being on planet Earth".


i'm tired af. doing nothing drains my energy. 


I love getting nothing done over the weekend.  


 don't you know Tavares isn't making team canada because he plays for the isles jeez 


I keep it 300 because it's soooo much better than 100. 


You left me here all alone. Smartest thing you coulda done. 


 Some very practical, affordable gifts to be found in Sky Mall 


Thank you global warming for making the earth warmer. 


 What AFP? Solid as opposed to liquid? No new jobs in drinks industry then? 


Each time I remember I have chorale/statesmen/cantiamo rehearsal tonight, I feel such joy. It's like Christmas came early.  


  No, I never did them. I figured "What's the big deal?" So I just watched Fail compilations and thought of you. 


DeAndre Jordan from the FT line tonight: 0 of 6. Big help to my fantasy team..  


And why do you have to be so rude about everything. Thank you so much for being there for me. 


That 2.5 hours of sleep did wonders..  


 Oh well as long as they have a legitimate reason, here I thought it was just because they are bored. 


We can never have a normal conversation      OMG hahaha! I might say that maybe you could dye your hair blonde now..   xx


Bad people drink before they are 21 and smoke weed, so the police should punish them for causing so much trouble to society 


Leaving province in a bit.. And back to freakin taft..  I can't wait to breathe in the fresh, clean air and the uncrowded streets. 


That's okay I don't like good morning texts anyways.. 


Best christmas song has to be Billy Idol's Jingle Bell Rock......no  here....not at all...ahem.


Im just sooo cheery lately! I want to thank my wisdom teeth for coming in, during this lovely holiday season... *applause* 


Even though I'm in IB, I haven't payed as much attention to my grades as last year...   


Egads! Apparently some man named Elijah is handing out my phone number to perverts!   excited for the weekend because I get to go to the best job ever   


I hate the  for putting all the games people wanna watch on at the same time.   you guys are stupid 


 It's so hard to choose -- between that and picking up Chris Smith 


Oh what a shame about the derby game  


I love waking up and my back feels like an elephant has been standing on my back all night.   


There are two types of people in the world: 1. People who understand and appreciate  2. Idiots.  


  oh yeah UPS is SO much better. I got to call all my neighbors to find the package they didn't deliver to me 


Health pricing causes sticker shock  via  WOW! No one saw this coming! 


arsenal away today !! best passing team in the prem !!! then theres arsenal !!! blooobirds !!! 


 id be happy with one. our team is down this year and will have bus legs on friday nite!!!!  but i wuld b happy with split


Oh, of course! I NEVER THOUGHT OF THAT. Now heading back to the store because, I dunno, I love getting dicked over.  


Thanks  for laughing at my agony of writing a 7 minute speech.  


I love staring at the wood chip wallpaper in my room 


"I had this billionaire friend of California", haha, all conversations should start that way... 


If you're happy, there's someone out there mad about that.     


Also, sleeping in my dad's old Bristal Speedway shirt and feeling a little bit more American.  


20 reasons you're going to love cellphones on airplanes via      


love it when half of my family is against me...=__= 
 


This day is just getting better and better!!!  


I can not contain my excitement about starting Senior English tomorrow 


Yes bus driver I really enjoy it when you put the air-con on in the middle of winter  


My parents said I should goto "Queens" University... Gosh I wish I was as witty as my parents. Ha queens...  


If it were based on looks Ronald Belisario would win every year    


And.. super quick cut to commercial... way to handle things, Dr. Drew. Your expertise never ceases to amaze me.  


I love how you put your business out there for everyone to see 


  so nothing happened interesting today in sports. Virtually no talking points. Roll screenless?  


Sure, who doesn't love a good sleepless night? God knows I get too much sleep as it is. 


Losing your best friend to someone else is always fun. 


 win.  Sleep tight, Angelenos. If you're shivering outside in line for the club, keep waiting. It'll be totally worth it.


    I think it's disgraceful what they are planning to do! Shouldnt be allowed 


Wearing leggings to family Christmas I'm sure nana will be thrilled. Lols  


 Yeah, because coaching is their problem this year 


Forgot my lunch and mum decides to start an argument in the car on the way to school, so yeah, in a great mood right now.  


  poor murderer having to serve four more years 


Big upset at Glendale. They are serving a lot of Tostitos Chips in Press Box to the media at Tostitos Fiesta Bowl. 


I love waking up at 4am and not being able to fall back asleep. 


 I love liars coooool yeah totally my fav.  


Thanks for snapchatting and messaging me guyss 


Did paul walker die or something? I'm kind of confused 


 At least we get to go against the wind in 2nd qt!! 


Wet and windy weather? In winter? Whatever next  ? 


 I "love" how they call comments posts!   


I haven't heard that a million and one times. 


 better luck next week with the  looking forward to the show next week  


 for a change someone asked for forgiveness after getting drunk. Otherwise in India we see ppl raping n blaming it on alcohol 


Legit falling asleep in class. Yay for 3 hours of sleep!   


The toddler now does a comedy 'wah wah wah'. Wonder where he learned that??  


And on that note, I'm off to work!!!! Hell yea     


I mean, it really does look like you took it hard. 


Let the  begin!! Can't wait til both JR and his brother are on the court together!!  


Zack Snyder will finally bring Wonder Woman to film. If Suckerpunch is any indication, that should work out great!  


  gunna be totally honest and say I've finished every single one.  


Dennis Rodman went back to North Korea. If Rodman can't bring reason, peace and stability to the DPRK, no one can. 


Damn you drank every night this week? You are such a bad ass!  


Ya that totally doesn't mean anything to you. I can see it so clear. 


Oh I just love when you don't text me back.  


  I really need to finish that  font!


 The Wall Street Code.. scary stuff   let's rush right out and buy some stock!  


 I'm so glad the office is closed tomorrow. 


 well, in ancient times, they would go to war and hunt. Now we have soldiers and farms for that.  


That was what I totally miss about high school. People walking like turtles in the hallway. 


completely sober    lildreezie     I have all morning before school in the band room, so why do it now, right? 


Thank you so much for that. Exactly what I needed.  


 the RNC elected Michael Steele as Chairman after Obama's election victory.  


 as a dog owner I find mocking of dogs with your imaginary god foolishness unpleasant and disrespectful. 

  ;-)


Thanks for all your support  COD ghosts still won't work I am now on copy  worst 60 bucks I have ever spent  


Glad the refs are doing their job throwing flags 


Oh the sound of beer cans being crushed on the bus makes you feel so relaxed 


 Well, maybe he should bring  off the bench to so that Jefferson can get back to his early season self. 


watching a documentary on the financialization of world trade economies is exactly what I want to be doing right now  


Thank you for sending me that picture of you and her. It was extremely necessary and made me feel so much better about my life :))) 


Oh no!! Dermot distraught about a window, YET AGAIN  


Question put to Roy Hodgson...'are we in a place where England are as good as Germany right now?'   


 we are teachers, we are givers, we are great humanitarians.  We also have no sense of sarcasm 


Geez, what two men WOULDN'T fight over Lori when she prances around CDC in a night shirt &amp; tube socks?  


Oh and because I haven't tweeted in ages, no one is reading my tweets anymore! Woohoo. I am SO winning!! 


Well walking to my classes in the freezing rain should be FUN tomorrow...... 


I cannot wait to walk to class tomorrow.         Look at all the snow on the ground. There shouldn't be school today.  


  Yeah I'm thankful for your tweets!  Hahaha 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                        


using a heat gun to de-ice my door.  so much fun!!    be honest I find iy hard to believe that there's someone out there that would be able to spend the rest of their life with me. 


Thank you child for being awake since 3....  


After 3 months I finally received the shirt that I ordered. Great service! 


  hope he doesn't replace Kaleta on the top line.  


Time for my favorite part of the day...freezing while I get carts.  


 nope Nolan, romo sucks. If Kyle Orrin started it would of never been that close. 


Has anybody seen the replay of the end of the Iron Bowl? ESPN has hardly shown it. 


Getting tatted ... Just cause you are bored . Nice 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Having a wonderful day so far... Thanks to Tim Holder for a great essay mark and Chichester Council for being so helpful...  


I love my job, I love my job, I love my job, I love my job. 


Pushes door 2walk out but it doesn't open
Stranger:"U gotta pull" 
Me:"Oh thnx.My next option was 2 lift frm bottom"



 no confidence in Romo tonight? Im sure he will be able to match Brees and throw no crucial picks in Q4 


So many text today. Don't know how my phone handled them all  lol


So the government finally came out and admitted what the NSA does is unlawful..i thought spying was the american thing to do? 


 RT  Maybe we should have signed Kyoto RT  Do you think Polar vortex makes global warming a tough sell?


You know the weathers bad when they have to cancel ping pong practice  


Yeah its not like I wanted to spend time with my family over Christmas anyway  


Thanks for letting me hear your whole life story as I sit next to you on the train. 


Just set my alarm ready for the return to work tomorrow. How I've missed those 6.15 starts over Christmas.  


Zombo needs to finish this comeback hope for SD.  


 I'm sorry but can you tell me what the purpose of special teams? I only watch the  


Being in a place no one likes you is so much fun. 


It's a good thing I can't sleep... Why would I need to do that? 


Oh wow i didn't know snow is here already!!!      so glad my STEPbrother decided to put loud music while I'm watching TV it's not like we share a room or anything 


 who do I turn to please? One of them is that great site (  who owe me money but are sending me to 


Oh hell. After much measuring &amp; comparison, I have determined that I need a 75mm quill stem, 26.0 clamp. That'll be easy to find. 


Woke up w/ shooting pain in my side. Now pacing around my apartment since laying down doesn't help. AMAZING way to start the day! 


why is my day the one and only person that pays their rent weekly?  SON OF A BITCH. literally. His mom's a bitch!!!


 As one who has a steady diet of various pills (arthritis, diabetes, etc.), I feel like I can ALWAYS use more pills. 


 Johnny Ive and his flat  I want my  style back... 


   one of my favorite broadcast locations in the league 


I am so excited to get my wisdom teeth out!!!! 


nakita ko na naman sa news feed ko ang pic ng pinaka maganda at pinaka humble kong cousin. WTF. byen EWAN. 


 I can't believe you don't have her in a helmet! That's one dangerous ride! 


Not sure, but I think Liverpool Captain Steven Gerrard is in the  studio this afternoon  


Brandon flowers makes a good interviewee  


who wouldn't want those almost raw sliced carrots with black bits on them mm 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


What Paul Walker died?! Why didn't any of my social networking sites notify me.. 


Can I just say that Miley Cyrus never seizes to amaze me. 


it's a key and peele kinda afternoon!!   


A full day of training for work today, I can't wait!    


 yeah, kinda shocked Lombardi didn't flip him for a 2nd rd pick 


In other news  , now serving bloody roast beef sandwiches, extra blood. DRIPPING, soaked into the bread   


 I'm super week then.  it don't have anything to do with the fact that it's 2:30 I'm the morning.  


Glad the Nuckers can finish a game  At least it wasn't 4-1 in the playoffs and game 7.   


I can hardly contain my excitement about this afternoon's dentist appointment.   


 Good seeing   at harps   


 Thanks. Bet you guys are missing the snow and cold weather? The freezing rain today was great.  


Today I found out I was a man  learn something new about myself every day 


Trying to play BF2142 but Punk Buster is being a pain in the arse. Great job guys, you really outdid yourselves with this one. 


Good game buffalo and you know our offense also did spectacular 


  well you guys missed evaluations soooooooo I win! 


Time to go sort stuff out w/my counselor, yay 


  oh god that has to be the saddest thing over heard all day 


OMG I really love the support I am getting and I don't feel in any way as if I am in this all on my own! 


  So good to see Ford clean up that liberal mess in Toronto.  


Coughing, nauseous, freezing cold outside, better build a shed. This is going to be fun 


  I said Chelsea. Made my bed now.  or have you seen the light? : )


I just love cleaning the house for the Holidays!  


Ooh does love a power cut at work! Walking around with torches trying to see residents is lots of fun! 


  RT  That ball NEVER touched the ground. What incredible poetic justice if  win on that replay.


Headed out the door to the beautiful life of being a vendor 


 but they r in top 4 proving haters right 


Thanksgiving Eve always brings out the best drivers.  


 How'd U figure this out? Fact that the Boys D is awful or that Phillys O is gr8 w/ Shady and Foles? Great analysis 


Not sure he had possession but its not reviewable apparently   


Ohh woah now we're at double digits with 11 degrees! Break out the tank tops!    


 Thanks for posting all your presents online, I was so curious! No, I genuinely don't give a fuck. 


Hey  shhh, we don't want them to think they are on the right track and stay the course. 


I had so much fun hanging out with  tonight!  would have been jelly 


Mississippi State puts freshman QB in on a drive that starts at own 4. At least they put him in a spot that often leads to success 


So the shot heard round the  world should have been a penalty? I'm shocked!   


I don't feel the need to explain something you apparently already know so much about. 




Really?!   Hay fever season 'incredibly bad' - especially in Wairarapa, writes   love how when I practice my etudes, my instruments sound glorious and sound like death when I'm being judged. 


....there are times when  stifles  moments....


 3 price war between British gas and SSE woooooo 


It's always fun when it takes 4 hours to determine plans ....  


"  is a neurological defense mechanism against stupidity."


I dont know what else to say .. Really its either  or nothing .. And I cant be quiet ..


i always enjoy hopping on one foot because my other foot is asleep     


Homie saw this and thought of me. Thanks Swaggy. This is 110% me.     don't got school. But since there's a climate shift down the street by the hs, I'm sure we'll be having school.



Look at Cabrera chop down at the ball.  Same path as the ball


 ugh, i cant stop smiling because im laughing. ha? :))) you make sense =))) lol. 


don't let my tears fool you, I'm really enjoying A level maths.    of anxiety for no reason all morning. It's things like this that make life worthwhile 


Hawaii is awesome  
Along w/ passing same sex marriage, couples can sue church for not marrying them   


 joins us right now on  to preview tonight's SuperBowl-esque matchup between the  and  


I missed the sunset tonight, but Instagram came up clutch and it saw everyone trying to be all artsy and shit. 


Awesome! ( UK gives 19million aid to South Africa - its president spends 17.5million on his palace  I got this one. I mean if u look at his pics hes almost 3 times my size 


 Well, there is nothing more refreshing than some Saturday afternoon delusion!     


I would like to send an invitation to all the teachers at OCHS to please put the grades in in inow, I'd appreciate it greatly 


I love how fast and responsive Business intelligence development studio is. 


 I have completed four trips to the dish.  I assume my neighbors with cable are saying "What an idiot."  


Armaan says sabse predictable is Gauhar, hello uncle the whole season was predictable  


"I wouldn't do this show if I didn't get paid." -Bill O'Reilly 
Whadda great guy 


 dummy RT  No Scandal or football tonight....  guess I'll watch badminton....



 I'm sorry it's just not the same, I don't want to hold you back any longer, you deserve better 


More internet conquering speeds courtesy of     remember to add when needed RT   RT   damn... I have so much to learn. 


I have great friends &amp; teammates that asked how I'm doing  


Who would've thought breathing in Ammonia would be bad for you  


 You know JB, both guys are supposed to be flawless and have shut outs every single game. No room for errors. 


The best part about our apartment = we can smell what our neighbors are cooking.Tonight is some sort of mashed potato and sausage. 


This woman on the William Gee hurt line commercial is obviously a paid actor.  lol


So excited about school today.       Apparently  never got this message Maybe  kept it from him 


I love taking a test that has nothing to do with the notes you had to take.  


The sarcasm from  makes me smile      


 what happened with  and  were they too obvious choices to not include? 


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


3069th tweet.
      


    because he forgot slayer  :)


It only took ALL 30 DAYS OF THE REFUND PERIOD but I finally got my refund for a bad TV. Thanks, Groupon. 


Cause we all know these four year will pretty much map out the rest of my life... 


Lmfao very much me !!!         it's true or not ( people should think twice before accomplishing a selfish act of plastic surgery. 


I AM I - See you Again:  via  Great song, but no comments yet - also great work google 


So very glad that the college I attend is able to seamlessly help me with a problem I need solved   


Thanks for the loudest cheer for Perc staff, drumline.   


And we dance all night for the best gift ever 


What would be a night out without a little disappointment?  


That episode is totes what I needed.  


So glad that happened when I was eating in Trivets with my family. 


  
Harry has already done that this season

 hit yours HARDER  


So glad I skipped sleeping in my bed for this. 


Ugliness is superior to beauty because it lasts.  


I sure do love that our Internet only works sometimes. So convenient!  


You know what  needs??  More stoplights!!  


I'm thankful for all the cute guys who don't go to our school    


So, my Pokes get to play the BCS champs next season. Awesome. 


Intensified by the bgm and the story. Then, lights off. Great. 


Who cares about friends! I have my boyfriend!



No rehearsal today so Im just trying to practice the choreography for tomorrow. I'm doing so good, I'm practically a professional! 


So  is training for a half marathon, and me, well I'm training for a 5k.   


Because Sonic Adventure is the best game ever.  


  But you guys don't get it: he's in New York now!  


I love watching the snow from my hospital room alone knowing my boyfriend is out driving in it risking his life  


 calls for sit-in to protest against innocent killings in attack on  zaireen bus in  
  thanks for the 7.5 gig download. My 6-year-old console is chewing through it like an old shoe.  


Reds signed Skip Schumaker today. Yes, World Series baby!!! 


That's a fumble, nice emotional challenge auburn 


I hated that Zodiac movie. It didn't have a definitive ending.   


Iwell my specialist appointment is to tomorrow!  Can't fucking wait!  


Oh no, that's /exactly what I wanted to see Kubo-Sama. Merry Christmas!   day at school     iPad is actually a smashing iPad. So lucky      Johnson winning the title again...GOOOOOODY  


Holy cold! Great night to wear a dress ladies! 


 wow my iPhone really captured the beauty of the rocket   been 58 years since Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on the bus. Can happily now report that racism is over!  


 So your goal is to insult people directly, yet anonymously. Exactly what we need more of in this state!  


in the middle of cleaning &amp; I get ADD-I'm hungry &amp; don't know what to eat-I'm so interesting guys-Why don't I have more followers? 


 jealous! Wish I was seeing him and not Disclosure &amp; Breach ,bet he will play all the Avicii songs that I love  


Forgot my glasses at home so my drive home should be lots of fun!  


The greatest part of travel vaccines is the nice way you feel after them. Said no one ever.     


S/O 2 the good people  for providing such detailed directions for the Barbie Dreamhouse   


Talking like that makes you very attractive... NOT   


I'm so glad that you all love hearing my life story everyday! 


"The team just got on my back" - Jameis. Such a selfless statement from such a classy guy 


Love when I get treated like I don't even matter!!! 


Hey . . Why are you wearing black against OK State? Way to  


Hmm...I wonder why guys like game of thrones....


 Wow, first we're not allowed in foxholes, now the Grand Canyon?  What will they take away next?  


Having pizza hut was an epic fail. Thanks marshall for having no power



 Good thing I studied for this bio exam I'm about to take  good thing I was in mktg today for that quiz 


Oh that's okay CCSU, it's not like half of your students are commuters and would need a delay this morning. No, not at all.  


Nice easy game coming up against Saints Sunday to make us feel better 


More calculator and spreadsheet guys getting promoted by the Rangers. This team is headed downhill quick. 


Can't wait to be on the roads with all these stupid Sioux Falls drivers that are coming up on my twitter feed this morning  


 I'm sure that guy has a degree from UF.   


  waiting on poopoo heads at work. Love it   I am a professional asshole 


"It was so sad. The neighbors are so poor they had to sit in their car and all share a cigarette."  


I'm so tired. Waking up at six to take dogs outside where it just happens to be freezing is great.. Not.   


So I guess everyone should know that R. Kelly has a new album titled "Black Panties."  


The moment when your knee pops feels nice    


Its going to be so lovely driving home in this weather tonight... 


 great job keeping ppl updated on buses  for starters 


On fridays I get some blessed brown rice &amp; veggie curries  


Is really looking forward to my alarm going off in 5 hours for work!  


Being forgotten,  yelled at, then ignored makes for a great day... 


Aw, Urban Meyer lost?  That's a real shame.   


Couldn't be more excited for this Miami vs Tampa Bay game tonight.   


Wonder who the  starting QB will be next week...  


 Yes. Actually we can all read the book 3 or 4 times. We have plenty of time. Yeah! 


Thanks to all who point out the show-cause with Tressel. That's the first I've heard of it. 


New Year, new me! Fuck fake friends!   


Because thinking a woman is a fool w/self esteem issues for posting lingerie pics of herself on Twitter, it's because I'm jealous. 


  some guy from the PR department went down between the benches during the commercial break 


What a rare joy it is to have good old-fashioned bus-like rolling stock on the morning commute!  


Really hoping the guy that looks like Walter from The Big Lebowski is at the gym when I am tonight! 


 WHAT?! I cannot fly right away...unsub  - I cannot wait for the new expansion! Yay Garrisons :)


That's the trouble with these energy companies - so naive, they misinterpret even the simplest conversational gambit from the govt. 


Being ignored is probably the best feeling in the world  


salad taste like lettuce jus like the air outside taste like oxygen  


 Yeah but why only do  need to be adults If that was true people like  Obama couldn't get elected 


Well now there's a "Hoes of the 256" Instagram. I'm sure I speak for all of us when I say I am SO proud to live in this area code! 


Tom Daley is gay? Wow... That's... Shocking...   ooooooooofff Ohio, because there's much better weather down south. *in a game-show host voice*  :)


Yup, it's official - Peyton can't play in the cold (66.7% completion, 4 TD, 0 int).   


super useful of past me to write down a perfect quote for the argument i'm making and forget to include the book or page number 


I can't say what I want because I always feel stupid after it or during or before or always. Thank you for that 


BT Sport have exclusive Champions League and Europa League rights from 2015? Great. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


The best way to bring in the new year? High off pain meds cause the flares just don't stop. 


Morning TV discussing why women love bad boys. Wow, I didn't know women's tastes were so homogenised :/   


Wow I have a whole 18 followers. I must be cool or something.



 your a really nice person with loads of fans 


I have reached the whopping 6 follower mark. I would like to thank all my friends and family who helped me get here. 


Lefties will tell you  is about great comedy. This article disagrees:       


   

Yeah my life is a paradise now because exam keep coming every two month. I really love my life :D 


Did u know that some people can interpret the tone &amp; facial expression of a person just by reading a tweet? Man people are talented 


trying to write an essay while dizzy, dealing with hot sweats, and throwing up is all kinds of fun.   


Single for another Christmas and New Years day? Sounds great! 


It's good to be home. So glad that the snow will be melting in time for Christmas.   


 I wonder where those people are located geographically. 


That's for being a jerk. It makes you a bit more attractive.  


so glad to see they fixed the red light camera  Riverdale &amp; Winchester   


Anyone get a Christmas tree this weekend? If so can you share a picture? I just wish more people would post pictures of this stuff 


a table version of sorachi ace thats exactly what we need !  


Quite the blizzard here in the Northeast!  If weather can't be predicted the same day, how can they predict  change ?! 


 Then make a video about things that made you like it after using it. Maybe then, we won't judge you, maybe. 


When you're hungry but don't know what to eat...isn't that just an amazing feeling   


Wisdom tooth removal is booked ..   


done a page and half of my lap report, only took me 3 hours, im sure the rest wont take to long 


Future price spikes for ammo will pummel DoD &amp; DHS. Maybe we can replace M16 rifles with  weapons?  


Who needs Andrew Wiggins when you have Rudy Gay??????.........


Silva is going into surgery now? Can't wait till 8am? What about no food or drink 8 hours before surgery? Think this thru guys. 


I love being told the day of that they need me to work late.  


I think if they had more weapons &amp; if they give sweet boy Matty more money, things would be different 

 


Yeah, didn't see that coming...  | Former No. 1 pick Kwame Brown waived by Sixers  via 


   well. That clearly means there's no racism. Obviously. 


 Those South Africans sure have good security don't they 


BBC News - Scottish independence: 'Fiscal gap would lead to spending cuts', says IFS  Oh what a surprise. 


Thank you butthurt fans for deflecting the real &amp; serious exploitation issue and making it about some petty as shit fanwar. 


 "Make a bad meme? You are gonna have an unfortunate time"  


 - some people spread that shit on everything.  or  ? What I know - if it makes u mean, u suk


Michael Strahan At Raw Next Week And I'm going   


S/o to my "best friends" or whatever..for making me feel like they care    


Really thankful to be on the ground in Atlanta...the flight from Denver was a bit rough  Thanks for getting us here 


I'm glad I read Twitter today
Without doing so, I would not have known how FUCKING COLD IT IS!  


nothing makes you feel better then getting told what you did wrong at your job from TWO nights ago   


Yes. Talking about my ex really gets me in the mood too.  


Whoever stays up the latest writing their deca manual wins! 


lol! Yeah, Joe Flacco is worth $20 million a year. 


  You can do this!  mean I could be an extra!!! No fucking way 


My son just yelled at me... "Gaaaaaabrielle!!!!" 
-_-   


So, I have exams and projects, my heart is broken, and it is only two days after my birthday, this is just wonderful 


  the best option is let the file go to sisi's office  and he will decide. 


People are actually really mature wow I love life 


Punchy stuff about the  bubble about to burst:       


   
Cyber bullying is always a good time   


 haha, oh thanks babe you're so great at boosting my self confidence .. 


Watch "Friends" before the party. Problem solved. " Office holiday parties alienate minorities  has been a fucking good day.......    


Coworker: "I feel sorry for the Philippians."

Me: "Yes, an earthquake destroyed their city of Philippi in the 6th Century."




 I just saw some pretty person on my TL for the first time in weeks so I thought I'd tweet her  Enjoy your night too


  so I could recognise your christmas banter


 So what, I don't get a  Psh, fine, I'm unfollowing you! ;D lol 


   Gee...I wonder when Kurt and Blaine will get to do anything remotely close to that. 


Uglies people are funniest than Handsomest one.   


Just spent a solid hour scratching off lottery tickets I got for my birthday... I won a dollar.  


Morning ..I'm so glad to be going to work ..Yay ..


PitBulls are sooooo mean.       thanks for the reminder Timmy. You're too nice 


Cmon ppl, do not mind MMS' comments. Look at the positive side, he arranged a press conference and he actually spoke :P. 


Welp. Breathalyzer said .12.  Guess I'm spending the night w/ him. Darn. 


Hollywood should make The Nightmare Before It's A Wonderful Life. 


This day just couldn't get any better  


I really like how many people are two faced. 


  because everyone needs an assault rifle 


 OMG!!!! Me either. I think I may just DIE if I don't see it like NOW!!!! 


U of A lost, Jaz basically lost his arm, and Paul Walker died. Awesome night. 


Napped on and off from 7 til 3 am. Great idea if I do say so myself. 


   and not one person was able to snap a quick selfie with him?  


so the US olympic team doesn't let Bobby Ryan play, but they ask a 67 year old canadian to join their team   


     why do all Canadians look angry?  


Who's excited for all the snow? I know I am :D  


If Jabari or Wiggins doesn't score 25 or doesn't put up crazy numbers??   


Lol. Our pipes are frozen. Of course this would happen.   


keep posting pics with drinks in your hands, you look sooo classy!!!! 


and the last one, seriouslly why am I not an artist yet   going to go ahead and say that goal was Yandle's fault.  Pucking up Smiths ass.  


So who would've known packer games are so much fun    


Back from running errands. Now back to chores. Woohoo. 


I love laundry day. Absolutely love it.  


It's sure to happen since the GFS says so.  On the other hand, strat warming to start soon ...     they're just trying 2 balance budget have 2 make up for the $24 billion wasted on the shutdown 


Legend has it the "M' in MTV once stood for
Music. 


The AMPAS leaves a movie about a late-term abortionist off its Doc Short List?  Color me shocked! 


1k tweet goes to  because shes Kallie and she shes sassy and gets what she wants when she wants it.   


Don't you just love when you wake up &amp; can't go back to sleep.... 


Yay for blizzard weather! And doctors appointments....  


" Kanye West says his next album is going to be just eight songs:   


Nothing better then riding a fire truck at 6 in the morning.... 


 Facing 2  offensive players in fantasy football this week - Im also  


David Winnick "impressed by the robust questioning" of the ISC.  


Round of applause for hurting all our players and winning by one point. Great job. Be proud.  


Ever notice how people who are, "waiting till they get married" get married super quick? Can't figure out why.  


thanks for all your support. I really appreciate being shot down. 


Friends from Illinois
Please be sure to send me more pictures of all the snow.. I just love it.  


 warningNOT for anyone ???much too profound 


Well okay then.  That was a boost in self confidence. 


App. State loses to Georgia 45-6.  No one saw that coming.  


 is the number one rated show in cable history...awesome and brilliant move   


  Peanut, don't you know you have to check everyone's feed?  Thx for being in touch with fans!!!


Memorizing lines is so enjoyable. I also love eating porcupine hair and bathing in acid. 


 Yeah hopefully "Chelis"...... WHAT?!   


 how's your beer? Good to have a chat now and again 


Well I actually managed to wake up before 10 o'clock today. Looks like I'll mail and letter and get groceries today 


Better fall asleep soon. 11:30 is going to come fast. 


This is weird .. It's not like The Leafs to blow a lead like that ... Oh wait ..    


I can't wait to hear all the high schoolers complain about going to school for forever because of all this snow. 


Feel sad and alone, so obviously I should watch twilight and see 2 amazing guys fight over some random girl.  


  All bus driver's fault again, obviously.  


That was a joke. You are a joke.    


Jeez, people -- hasn't George Zimmerman been punished enough? And by "enough," I mean "at all?"  


5/6 of today's remaining tasks are about various industrial parts. It's going to be a great day.  


I am in a bad mood already then someone mentioned school and that we have jabs! Well thanks that made me feel loads better! 


 too big &amp; floppy &amp; hairy? Try this insanity:    


   yeah be the bigger man Step, let em have their day, Arsenal are gonna win it anyway 


S/O to the lady whose child couldn't stop crying in church! Ma'am, you definitely doing parenting right!  


  u lot destroyed my confidence. Lovely bunch of players u r.  Im ballo because of my fuck u attitude.


Dear letter format,
thank you for providing an awesome, and original template.
Love 


"I don't know if she's kidding or not." The best compliment I've gotten in awhile.  


Yea we hate that guy, right?  RT   Santa on the jumbotron just got a big ovation! 


Wait, did something big happen in the world of football today? Twitter has been weirdly silent on the matter. 


Woohoo! 7 chapters back from the editor!    


Cotchery better get in the endZone or I will blame  for my team winning by less than they could have w/ T. Austin 


Decided I'd tan today. Got a really nice burn.   


I remember HoC debating that!  MT  US and UK struck secret deal to allow NSA to spy on Britons'   another hard hitting interview I'm sure 


 It's going to be fun. Using heavy and hot things while fatigued... Yeah. 


 yep i really believe the pundits that say Dallas defense is the problem but slam Jerry 4 firing Ryan. 


Thats why its cool to have twin...  and yeah its mean and no i dont care


Wow what an announcement Michael Cole Batista is entering the Royal Rumble match. We really didnt know that was coming 


So Ohio State losing means that the BCS Championship game will be Alabama vs. Auburn again, right? 


I love being around my drunk family members.  


I wonder if ITV have thought about maybe showing some of the Harry Potters they have the rights too. Barely seen them  


If India wldnt hv been partitioned, the LeT's HQ wld hv been at Janpath, New Delhi. 


 I guess the whole "5% off Today and Everyday. Sign up now!" Thing really confused me!  


One more person, PLEASE, invite me to play candy crush.     can die!


Get in! There's a shock!  Hopefully setting up for a match at WrestleMania 30 between these 2. I can dream... 


 I seeee. Better than spoons? Lol. You'll have to come work with the kids instead.. No hard work at all! 


Did I mention that I am SO happy to be in such a HAPPY home environment? 


What if Satan was into science? Let that sink in for a moment! Now be very very afraid.      


Yeah I totally love having my heart ripped out and stomped all over so thanks for an awesome night. 


Nick Young is the best scorer on our team tonight with a whopping 6/20 from the field tonight! Wow, so great! Way to go!




 you didn't hear? All of  football problems are because of Bill Stewart, The Red Bull has been perfect... 


I should really start prefacing everything I say with 


I really love it when people say they'll come help, but never show up.  


Russell Wilson's intangibles though. Cam Newton should take notes haha.   


 What's a "Hipster Bike Video?" You mean a well produced video about people who like motorcycles? Yeah, hate those. 


 Oh wow, you can download it using a QR code... QR codes are so popular!   [I deleted my QR app a year ago]


 Haha okay!! You've got loads to look forward to!  


Put up my Christmas lights???     RT  What can I do to help you right now?


 that would be such a massive help thank you so much  


I wish Ike Taylor would give the WR more of a cushion 


"look at you you're a hippo"       how I want to spend my Friday, getting blood work done  


 Hi my name is Chad and I am awesome and look at my blog and look I was in a article of sorts and people think I am cool! 


According to twitter, I think it might have possibly maybe snowed outside 


I would rather be country dancing than sitting my ass and listening to the renal lecture.

I live such an exciting life. 


I am so excited to see how crowded the Y will be tonight!  


 thanks for bringing the rain with you.... 


Hesitated putting a bet on over 3.5 turnovers in the Lions  Eagles game. Ended up not putting it on. Great decision 


Do as you wish, already a grown up, don't you?? 


So Jamestown beat the shit out frontier I honestly didnt see that coming 


Well played. RT   it means adding homonyms together, right? 


 If it was not for the  I was going to say stay away from the Kool aid


   isnt that what the "team mom/general manager" is for? 


My 18th birthday is tomorrow! Wohooo! Super excited!! -.-  


Glad all of my friends made plans to do something with me for my birthday.. 


The best part about my day is when I have been awake for 3 minutes sit on the toilet and manage to smash my head into the door knob 


Caught up on some New Berlin Bee sports articles at mom and dads...such optimistic outlooks from the coaches... 


" Woo can't wait for tutorial  feeling the same!


Trying to sleep overnight at this freezing airport is torture. Thanks again  for the lovely trip. 


I really like Dylan Hartley and I think he is a fine young man    


That's ok I didn't want to help out with the project that was my idea! 


  you know those illegals are just law abiding ppl trying for a better life. U need to quit picking on them 


my day consits of school for two periods, CSI and criminal minds, food, napping, and hosptial ... wat a great day 


Ugh... Im so classy  &amp; forgiving tonight(    but  


Don't you just love it when your parents try to make decisions for you, because I totally do!  


There are two Types of people in the world:
1. People who understand and appreciate 
2. 



Hey, could somebody do me a huge favor and let my mom know I'm an adult? Thanks. =P   


. Too bad they weren't  translators. They'd get an H-1B visa like {snap!} that!  


It's always a good sign when your prof declares teaching to be a cross to bear as part of working at a university. 


this conversation is really going somewhere.  


Chuffed to bits to be heading back to Work tomorrow. 17days off has been too much, can't wait to get back into it 


Luol Deng with 24 points? That's it... Trade him 


Stressful day of work, walk home, dentist appointment.  


"Oppression- Just because it makes you feel uncomfortable doesn't mean it has to change". - 


 because it's better to make drama about NOTHING WHAT WORLD DO YOU LIVE IN?!?!?!?!?! 


 but as Christians we have twitter as a way to act as good models for other Christians.  


We have so much snow. I think I'm snowed in... 


If one day snapchat sells all my photos, my mom and dad are going to be proud they raised such an attractive person 


  odemwingie never played for qpr! 

Oh no Stu, you've mugged yourself off there! 


Wow, Pinball and Kei$ha sound just like the record!





 Knife to son's throat, she was allegedly raped during Muzaffarnagar riots  Can we get more sick?


Well next period is Geometry, where is always gonna help me in life 


I'm not even in high school anymore but thanks to twitter I know which schools have a 2hr delay! Yay!  


software update on WWE 2K14 ALREADY?!?!? I so dearly love when this happens before i can start a new game. 


 Day 2: Didn't make partner today.. Maybe they are waiting until Monday to make the announcement? 


Just spent $6 on a sandwich. Thank you Duke library for such reasonable prices! 


Wonder why Malala visit got a huge media attention but the drone victims' didn't      


 mocks  alleged fraudulent acts with Scroogled products, the  is endless  via 


I have never faked a sarcasm in my life.  


The best thing about iOS 7.1 is it gives jailbreak developers a free excuse to further delay an upcoming jailbreak. 


Wish my daughter  appreciated   channels wonderful Christmas movies.   


getting braces a day before mocks start  


Just checked the weather and I'm happy to see that it'll be 13 degrees on Monday for the first day of classes.  


Johnny Run The Mouth getting butt kicked by the smart kids. What a shame. 


I : The heater is turned up so high, I think I'm going to have to sleep naked tonight.
Mosquito : I will be over you baby.. 


Making my first batch of pancakes for the year. It's going to be a good one.    Don't worry, I'm sure the fare increase will provide the needed funds.  


Thank  for such a wonderful evening with watching such a thrilling movie. Very exhilarating. 


"  isn't that always the case? Always on your mind." Hahhaha sure;) you are so right! 


 Fucking minorities &amp; indians. Jail them!          


Well not everyone blow my phone up all at once 


 I always lament that I hadn't got in on the huge cash flow of conspiracy research industry myself...  


  Great social media customer service team too! 


Billy Ray Cyrus, you must be one proud father..  


I love when people put my feelings into consideration  


What a shiney fork  and a nice different pace to my days.     missing  come out tomorrow. I imagine that will be a joyous moment. 


Just landed in Tampa and I guess Auburn broke Twitter. Did I miss anything? 


It's comforting knowing as long as you don't create anything in your life, then nobody can attack what you created  


  this was not the desired response.  


 Only a graphic designer would really get the  of it.  refs are making tremendous calls in this game 


 yeah, like he would go to jail for that. its all the bankers fault you know? 


"Oh Well" ...... that makes everything better 


 you just hate them cuz they make fun of mormons. 


Mother: "It'd be nice if you got a boyfriend soon"
Yeah Mum I could say the say thing about you  


   I wanna know so I can get my claws in that IP so valuable it can't be spoken of. Muahaha (  )


  Yes, because a script to scrape the information will need more than 3 seconds...  


LOVE that Twitter have put those new Follow buttons right where you scroll on your news feed. 


I wish I'd had less sleep. 4 hours is far too much 


Well work is going just great...not  


 RT   back safely on the ground in Memphis. Where's the snow/ice?


 I'm such a horrible person..  whoreable***


Yup, Ronnie Radke calling Oli Sykes a fraudulent pussy is definitely news that every "music blog" should make sure to post about. 


Via  - further evidence that these signs work like magic.   a day goes by where I don't wake up and wish I had one of these for the garden...    THE PRESSES! Apparently Philly fans are the only ones in the NFL who egg buses. What barbarians  


Has anyone commented on how cold it is? I feel like that's something that's being overlooked today.  


 If it wasn't for Gore, Hunter's run would have meant nothing. 


Being truthful when you know it will cost you, Is the true test of honesty,id,,    


 if??? this team won at va tech. that's legit! 


 He just plys her with liquor and prevents her from leaving... what's predatory about that? 


YESSS - I love my timeline being filled with football guys' conversations............. -__-  


Family Guy fans - aren't you glad you remained calm 


Good night tonight minus the fact were blind and can't find anything on the till. Can't wait for Friday  ha  


 but smackdown hasn't been yet so there has been no Big E interview about what just happened 


Second bloody nose in the past 24 hours... 


Shout out to   for being such a pain to work with.   


that's ok mom I'd rather stay home and cuddle with my cats anywho 


 after watching this musical chair thing I really want to spend my money on the PPV 


 cause that's more appealing and socially acceptable than a fursuit.  


Sitting here waiting for a date that doesn't look like it's going to happen afterall.  I'm so glad I get to date again. 


 With outstanding Ojha and Perfect Pujara you should also start KOOL KOHLI atleast people will watch something :P 


So glad I have to wash everything on my bed. 


Studying for physics is so much better then a basketball game  


I'm singing a solo at my concert. Yippee!!!   


I can't believe the Pawn Stars Channel is actually showing something about JFK today.  


i love how i didn't even have to look outside to know it was snowing, i have facebook.  


Love watching  on my laptop because I don't have  live....


Having a raccoon just distracts me from doing my homework  


This cold makes me so sweaty as I obviously have a high temp. I look so attractive. 


 yeah because I was sooooo much more attractive... 


Oh, ya know, just working a 12 shift after being off sick.  


Don't you hate it when you go to bed because you're exhausted,  then once you're in bed you're wide awkake..... 


 but paying people, across the board, better wages will crush that profitability and lower the stock price. 


I can't wait to make 5 million bloody marys today at work! :DD.. 


Oh yes.. I just love to see all of the vacation/holiday pics when I am just getting home from work at 11:30.   


  Oh, it's so fun being at wheel while the empire burns, isn't it? You guys are awsome! 


 I can't believe that it still isn't working... well at least they are mixing it up... 


 So Shawshank is on Lifetime right now. Yeah. It is.  What is Shawshank? Is it good? 


I'd like to thank the asu bookstore for making me rich and allowing me to buy my lunch today  


 Exactly! Calling him POTUS is really just word play! :-D glad you saw it my way!




   that       Traffic warning: London roads are very busy. Must be all those Romanians driving in from the airport.   on :-)


I mean I feel blessed to get this view for another day     those heels with that tshirt   


This last week without seeing you again... yup, just great 


Miller sucks though guys. He's a terrible goalie. Totally.  


The Gators seem to be doing well again this week...


 you know what the best part of living with parents is? All the passive aggressive tweets we can send! 


Devastated I'm missing the 12 pubs down in Kilkenny with the boys, but the Irish sports awards in the hospital is just as good 


 overall this just isn't cute shby  


There's a difference between being funny and being annoying.        


 Don't know, there was still a bit of ambiguity in his comments. I'll just wait and see what happens, thank you.  


 His hear isn't in football...UNDRAFTED!    


Power is out and my phone is at 13%......... Greattttttttttttttt 


Working noon to close on the store's busiest day of the year. Pumped. 


 Still only following one person??? That is so yesterday  


Thank you   for being so polite to the customers!  Saw this in the  restaurant   I like when nobody sits with me  lunch.   


If unbiased broadcasters approve of the team's decision, who can argue?  RT  Love the  signing Jason Vargas.


A woman's period always has a way of making her feel pretty. 


All my guy friends dissolve away because the corrosion of their girlfriends, I love it.. It's my fav. 


I finally get to sleep and what happens?? I wake up and I'm wide awake?! Yay!! (


 the underdog would be raiders, so your tweet made perfect sense. 


Jeez, I wish I could find some coffee in Piedmont.  


Mark Henry vs Fandango. I wonder who going to win this one.   


Watching Pirates for the first time since that time when I saw it in theaters 8xs. (I had a great social life in high school). 


I have class tomorrow and I haven't studied in forever, that's gonna go well. 


I enjoy the bus journey to work SO much that I thought I'd get halfway, go home and start again.   


Ooh weather looks like it's starting to warm up to a hot 54 degrees 


woot up to 16 degrees time to break out the shorts  


 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


About to start the day the best possible way 


Yay! Now I am going to clean out the chicken pen! WOOOOO 


7 1/2 hours in the ER. What a great way to spend a Sunday!!! 


The logic of the general public scares me. Of course it makes sense to wait until after the snow starts to go to the grocery store. 


Nice one  keep playing the same songs over and over!  


Guess ima take a break and play gta 5. Woo! such an exciting friday night. 


" " "  Holy Grail" I noticed -_-"swr dwn?! O_O  Kmt


Oh snap. Bathroom selfie.       WHOLE LIFE I'VE BEEN HOPING AND DREAMING OF WALKING TO CLASS IN -4 DEGREE WEATHER AT 8:00 AM THANK GOD I FINALLY GET TO TOMORROW 


Love how the refs listen when Brees whines abt warting a flag. 


I can't really figure out what Ethan thinks about this heels game.  


Just watched Made In Chelsea for the first time ever, this Spencer fella is a bit of a gent isn't he?  


Okay apparently everyone at my house is off from work today, this should be a fun day. 


I'm shocked Jason Kidd isn't working out as a coach. Who could have possibly imagined this? 


 at least they can look forward to a top 3 pick this year 


"U.S. Military Eyes Cut to Pay, Benefits"

This should be popular    Carleton, I really wanted to have an exam on a Saturday afternoon  First of two Saturday exams this year.


I'm glad my roommate respects my sleep...  


 well maybe you should stop copy Miley, gosh! 


 can't believe you're on tumblr..LOL I'm on tumblr too! what a coincidence! 


Favorite Facebook posts? Well, bible verses, of course!   


 and I'm sure that's the reason you didn't send a bunch back 


 Duke playing an OOC true road game?  


Also, HUGE effort by Cutler to try to make a TD saving tackle after the pick. 


My father is currently bragging about how he used a special bal that split Into to balls to get a split. That's so interesting. 


 You know how Malala can't be invited as it won't be a very secular thing to do. 


If I can get a dollar for each time you said 'expensive', I'll be a millionaire by the time i return.  


So glad to hear Joe Buck and Troy Aikman call the  game!!!! 


  sat down with Henry Louis Gates and his white arresting officer for a beer at the White House. 


Should we now say the Silk Road did $11.8 billion in sales since USD/BTC peaked at $1242 or $6.6 billion since it's now at $695? 


" Cant wait for the Cowboy game to start.   Promo is warming up 


I've just looked up 'effectuality' in the  It says "The quality of being effectual".  


The finalists on a reality show competition got free cars?  Wow, who would have ever expected that?!  


Please one more person tell me how much i've changed. Love it. 


Where did all the "geaux tigers!" Posts go on my feed?!?! They are really punchin us in the mouth!!  


Cause I LOVE being in this much pain...  


Wouldn't want to live without the clock.   30th wedding anniversary mum and dad, such a good couple 


  need to end my tweets with  more, meta-joke at the craziness of silent hill fans. Nice work.


 Really? Thanks for the update!   I don't need you to tell me.


 December 23 deadline?
Thanks. Nothing stressful about the timing of that. 


It makes me so happy to know that you don't give a shit about me  


Awh how sweet of him to not text me since noon I'm blushing. I've never felt so special in my life!  


Jaysus I never knew it snowed til I looked at twitter 


 I can see the correlation there. Well played, my friend.  People have LOST their MINDS


Last time we traded Grebs to Nashville we got a 2nd rnd pick. Pretty sure we'd get a 1st for him now.  


I had tons of fun cutting up wood all day today! 


 Dominated this story from start to finish.  Congrats.  


Don't ask a stupid question, or you will get an overly sarcastic answer. 


Thank you  for making  and  the laughing stock of the world  When will  intervene?!


 is best delivered when talking to someone personally and with the all the accompanying facial expressions.


Wow. $5 off my bill if I answer this survey. Damn, Sprint, how can I refuse?!? 


 he has really turned the team around.  


Playing "loaded questions" with my family and learning they think very highly of me.   


If you are bored and want a good lecrturing, Obama is speaking at 2 p.m. Sure it will not be all about himself  


Time to look for Bridegrooms from Customs &amp; PSU Banks, not Infosys     


 So happy Erica sent me to the grocery store for some last minute Christmas cooking ingredients.  


Mosquito bites on the face are just what I wanted ;D   


" Good job McCluster! Way to spin out of bounds before the 1st down marker. That field goal clinched it.  


 Dez and Witten.  those two complainers are peas in a pod.  


Hate when I get new makeup and it comes out too much so I look like a big whore. Greeeaaatt. Just the look I was going for. 


That  comeback was nuts. Had Trent Richardson's fingerprints all over it! 


That'll be nice for the elderly who freeze to death  " 25k lights for Dewsbury Minster approved by Kirklees Cabinet


Truth is as little as  hustles and the fact that he plays 2B he should only be a little beat up in 8 years...  


I would have chosen a polar bear myself.  and also, "color me shocked"   Good to see Danny boy is staying true to his roots reinserting Engelland.  


Nice close-up of Howard's armpits, ESPN. I've been wanting to see that. 


Dow less than 6% from 17,000. Even more meaningless milestone than 16,000. Hope we get there before end of year!  


This New Years Eve is quite possibly the the most boring one ever. So many plans I can't just pick one  


they shaved my beard with chilli SOS, cox it was promoting Islam! Now I support him cox they can only same Maldives from kafirs :) 


 What a crazy night    rlly tho..


Oh you know just told you I love you. Wasn't expecting a reply back of you saying the same or anything 


hopped off the iPhone train , now patiently waiting for my new samsung to arrive  


EXO WILL WIN


 Harry Styles 
 One Direction


 ah wait...this answers my question!! ;) LOL i think you're excited 


It's a good thing my phone only charges up to 6% now or else I'd be pretty upset.
  


I am having the best vacation ever!! But it is 


OMG  re-tweeted me,, how kwaai don't I feel now 


Sarcasm is like a foreign language for some people, they won't
even have a hint of it. 


Fear, doubt, &amp; disbelief, you just have to let it all go. $TWTR 


I can't wait to spend my entire day in the study and also to go to stats and present this project I'm so excited 


Woot I love overtime!       


 But I still don't get why Big Sam rested players for Spurs... 


&amp; what do you know I get to sit across from the lesbians who love pda! Awesome. 


Desean Jackson saying he needs a raise? I agree. 12.5 mil a year has to be hard to live off of.  


Thank you four being my first real relationship and ruining my life at the same time. Cause of you,  I can't do alot of things.. 


You really have to admire how Maddison is sticking to the game plan no matter what happens in the game.  


  Because some styles are ok and others aren't. 


Oh, the steelers lead the league in screen passes?  Didn't notice  play 


Don't know how I got on this list, but I'm down... wonder what movie..     been waiting forever to see if I passed the Math MCA. Finally the burden of not knowing has been lifted. 


My head is busting. I can't quit sneezing. I'm freezing to death. and I'm coughing like a 90 year smoker. Greeeeaaaatt  


I'm so happy I get to help cute guys pick out jewelry for their girlfriend!! 


Okay people you can all call at the exact same moment it's cool... It's not like I have stuff to get done or anything... 


 no that's the training room isn't !  


This weather does wonders for people with wet hair 


 obviously that's the place to be tomorrow! 


Injections on Wednesday because every kid likes to get stabbed in the arm with a pointy thing   


 Wow. Really, where do you work? ;)
 


Not sure. But Freeman will be available...  RT   thoughts on who?


Fire everyone. Trade everyone. Kill the mascot. Burn down mtsc. Heck while you're at it, throw a remote through your tv. Jets lost 


//  AGAIN... gonna take the dog out...  


I'm glad Green Bay locked up Brad Jones and Morgan Burnett before this season. 


So happy Ray emery looks like an nhl keeper today 


I'm really a 12 year old trapped in a 15 year old body 


  So what makes Santa a  The fact that his reindeer sh*t all over the land &amp; sea  


  it's great to know that when you buy an HP product they support it after the first year  -.-


  well Clover Moore thinks it is... re  being safe


Sooo the powers been out for 2 hours.. This is fantastic. 


That's odd, anal is never in a bad mood  


You mean I get to work on New Years Day!? I'm so lucky 


 damnit Gina as our beat writer your supposed to be on our side. No negative thoughts. 


Anyone else feel like this game is over already?  


Being reminded by my mum that I've put on weight always gives me a great feeling  


Word RT  J.R. Smith posted something on Instagram. Lets all write about it. 


Wow, I sure didn't know that guys were the only ones who treated girls like shit....



 but I don't understand everyone always says ND has an easy schedule... 


 no one honestly thought that. "They have as many B1G wins as Northwestern and Illinois" yep, two more top 15 programs 


Have received a  catalog everyday for what feels like a month. Today we got 2! Nothing like $150 slippers. 


This app won't kill kids self-esteem AT ALL!    you greedy git. Was it as good as my dad said?? 


So both my kids going thru this temper tantrum stage... YAY ME!!   


Datsyuk scores in the shoot out? Big surprise! 


sabi ng boss mo ur fired, tapos sagot mo I quit?? zZz... fired na nga, magqquit pa?? LOL :| 


 Thank goodness we risked our lives for this ....   hahaha DO IT FOR THE POP CYLCLE.


Woken up so ready for my day of report writing and night of cloakroom working  


If you really want something you would find a way to get it  


I know, right?  is such a horrible trait to have. RT   careful u may tip over from being sooooo full of ur self


  yeah Pete Carroll and the harbaughs are struggling, chip Kelly has really stunk it up 


I love it when I leave everything to the last minute 


 keep up the good work!  15 Games for ST but only 5 for Neil? Explain that both were deliberate acts to injure a player


I hope everyone is watching the amazing cinematic adventure that is Avalanche Shark Attack ... Simply incredible movie 


Looks like another wet and dreary day. Thanks British Weather, it's just what we needed. 


8 nested loops and now the output is wrong. I love debugging stuff like this :-/ 


 Have you been listening to The Beach Boys Christmas album. It's just as good as their normal music.  


Awh man... Well that news was a good start to my day 


Nice to see openmindedness &amp; tolerance on the  trend 


Its so cold out... I might have to wear a jacket today.  


Nick and Gab blowing smoke rings with an E cigarette      


45 minutes from PennRidge to Doylestown. Fun drive home. 


More frequent assessment could increase university learning! I think ( it's called formative assessment  


Gotta love waking up to a Facebook message from ex from 10+ years ago. 


Quick heat check. UST twitter account followers since start of UST8: down one unit!  


 Can't believe Coach K getting all of these one and done players. Hypocrite  Good for Duke


I love how I have to hold my breath when I'm chewing food because I can't breath through my nose   


I've only ever heard grimmy call taylor swift taylor swift once. Its usually ol' swifty hahaha 


I don't c how people survive off just 1 sermon a week.  Maybe y'all minds git renewed by itself r sumthin.



Making my twitter 2 years ago I would have never thought of 89 followers.   


Woke up freezing then had to take a freezing shower so far today has been amazing 


Use Peter Poppoff's miracle spring water and all will be healed..   


Back to the exciting life of a state worker in the morning...  


  sweet...that mentalist is all crazy, edge of your seat stuff.  Surprised you could sleep at all.  


Gonna be so great today. Really looking forward to this.   I would imagine the sanctions wouldn't allow it, unless they make an exception  


Job hunting is one of my favorite pastimes... 


Time to make a presentation in  Sooo excited...  


I freaking LOVE how  has a twitter but never tweets anything but is on it erry day...  


Hey you know what would make this weekend just great? If the texans just get stomped by the jags.  man it's been a rough weekend


 YOURE WELCOME SARCASM (SARCASM)  hey did you get the sarcasm in that maybe?


Army Company PT  zero dark thirty!! Yay! 

     


3 timeouts unused, gutless" If the  don't use all their timeouts and try to score here...well... 


Things that Im thankful for: being able to spend the last (literally) 24 hours rebuilding a production Windows 2008/IIS cluster. 


what's that you say, a pop art look, how UNIQUE and ORIGINAL your thought processes are  


Woah! Yahoo Ads have gone from 3 straight weeks of 8k hits for $0...UP TO 25 CENTS! 


  PROTIP: Add a  tag, it prevents mix-ups like this from happening.


 hahahahaha yeah cause that just sounds soooo fun! 3rd wheeling is like my favorite thing to do ever.  


Sure photogs will love G's manipulation of their work  RT  Who else loves Google's photo magic? 

 i will just sneeze all in my hair and on my phone, its totally okay 


 I think you are being sarcastic, yes?? I enjoy some good  evey now and then.


World Bank Whistleblower Reveals How The Global Elite Rule The World  via   


Now working on "The Gothic in Great Expectations". My Sunday evening is soooo glamorous. 


This morning was one thing and then SUDDENLY its a switch up. . . Shooot perfect timing 


When I cook I feel like a real woman. Is that sexist?  


Wow when some1 can update their sts but not answer a dum msg ..its really nice thanx 


Thank you to whoever set of the fire alarm because now I am up, don't feel good, and can't get back to bed  


Yes of course! I met Elena and said those lovely things to her made her forget only to run her off the road 5 minutes later. 


The Internet at State High is down!! How can I teach?? 


But it might work. After all, Hollywood blockbusters are always open to oddball narrative structure and non-traditional endings. 


Laura Iwuchukwu has won LSC co-defensive player of the week for the 5,000th time in her career.  


You`re Hilarious man Haha RT  Let me be the first to say how much I am going to miss Aliya Fowler in Denver.  


This give up 50 shots and win in OT strategy is working for the Leafs. And to think I scoffed at it after last game. 


This week couldn't have started any better  


Oh dear drove to work, parked up at Devil's Bridge, turned round went back home,got my bag that I left in the kitchen  


  great tweet from a first class play by play guy. 


" People liking that pic on my fb, of a condom wrapper that says "I  safe sex".." ok your cool" I know." 


Tailgating? During winter weather? Sounds like a fantastic idea! 


Lol shoutout to all the badass people that walked out at 12:00  


Moving tomorrow! I bet Cody will LOVE being my neighbor!   


Great way to start off the new year... fucked up my car again oh joy



So my year has ended bloody brilliantly.   


Hanging out with the toilet cos I'm puking my guts out. I'm having the time of my life.        


I Knew There Was A Reason Why I Was To Busy To See You .... Sorry 


Oh good, it's a pain day too.  Sorry I'm complaining a lot today.


 takes the best pictures of me, I swear.   


He is so average!   Drew Brees has thrown for 321 yards and four touchdowns at halftime...."


Females so smart  y'all wouldn't have half tha problems y'all have if y'all was bright..


 I take too many pictures of myself when I'm bored  // yeah...looks like a real big problem. 


SEC so top notch. Impenetrable defense.  


 Nuh-uh!  Just read An Inconvenient Truth, it's only a buck now lol   


 gets butthurt don't follow can't handle 


Working 9pm on Thanksgiving night. Thanks shoppers. It's not like my family matters to me  


Sometimes I wonder why emergency workers go through so much training when armchair experts seem know how to do things without it. 


 The Menendez Brothers would agree with this statement.  


Sick on Christmas... Just what I asked for!!  


 are up 112-97 with 2:00 in the 4th. Tension is high! 


Ugh I have to work 9:30-4:30 today. How horrible. 


In other news, the Knicks are down 22 in the 2nd quarter. Love the heart of that team. 


 thepoorguy              Don't worry probably just a crazy conspiracy theory......   the SEC is still sooooo good. Just to be clear 


If you can't handle my sarcastic sense of humor, we can't be friends. I am deeply sorry about this.  .......


I love it when my dogs decide it's time for me to wake up at 5:45   


 Ack!!!!!! Clearly she is BFFs with God and knows all. 


Worst news to end my night. Exactly what I wanted to hear. 



People who can wear pyjamas anywhere, yes
those are the ones who are living life to the
fullest.


" Can't tell you how excited I am to watch Jeff Triplette officiate today's Cincinnati-SD game." 


Thank you for pushing me into the place i took you out of 


It's going to be an interesting day when people realize my sarcasm isn't  and I legitimately hate them.  


This is shocking. Really.  'Cannibal sandwiches' sicken Wisconsin residents  contest with some Country folk. Dollar to the winner...and the winner is??? The Country folk. Way to go, enlisted men.  ;)


 Drinking and smoking and failing classes totally makes you cool!  


It's warming up! 20 degrees! Feels like Spring!  


 Nelly performed country music hes the best  


Here's to 4 more months of sunrises! Cheers!   


  no way.... That just happened..... I'm on twitter... 
   


 I guess they do it there. Lol!   Stay warm!


My night just keeps getting better and better. -.-  


Come on Pacers!!! at this rate you could loose 8 games this season!  


" The Kings loss adds to just a fantastic day of sports for me.  better day coming tomorrow!! 


Love it when a stage destroys the box on your specially-dyed pointe shoes during dress rehearsal          o dear lord I just look amazing 


Off to bed, maybe this shitty week will get better in my nightmares. 


Huge shoutout to my lovely big  for the 4 AM wake up call last night
Such a sweet voicemail too!!  


Going to bed at 9 o'clock on a Friday night... my life is great. 


bitch i know you be green on my hamster swag    


Yes mom, your wisdom is infinite and you are right about everything.  


Rousey sounds so sincere in her so-called "respect" for Tate.  


 Kudos to the government for their heroics.  


My moms mother comes into two tonight.... Yaaaaaaaay. 


 because I love you and you're so beautiful 


"If you are going to copy then cover up your tracks better and call it inspiration."~ 


Shout out to Mother Nature for soaking me this morning. Blow drying my clothes with a hair dryer was awesome this morning 


Tweeting your problems will totally solve them. 


I'm so glad I have tons of people that actually* care about me.   


Spending a saturday night alone in my room is exactly what i wanted to do; Damn my friends know exactly how to be so awesome.  


 that's great. I'd love to sit next to someone and hear his/her calls all flight long 


OMG Brian Boitano is gay? He came out? I am shocked.  Good for him. I respect him, but why must you declare your sexual orientation


Bendtner scored.... Shouldn't be surprised since he could probably start for barca or real Madrid.  


  I suppose he could be calling for Miss St to pull the major upset next Saturday. 


 "  Love when people quote my tweets and don't add anything   cool.


im afraid to shave my chest hair cuz I mite end up lookin like    


Knowing The Walking Dead won't be on tonight  totally me!   


So tired and i just took a quiz on a story i didnt read  


Post DEL Polls can u'stand  sayin pehle  pehle  but suprised even BJP sayin 'pehle   pehle  ' ;-)just 


Noo! The reverse of privatisation! Bad! Bad!   game attendance this season...Clemson blowout losses to FSU &amp; SC, Titans losses to SF &amp; Indi. Good times 


Putting my entire foot/ankle in a bucket of ice and cold water always feels great  


I see xbox one has voice recognition software.  Because that works so well on every electronic device 


Walmart is full of the classiest people  


 I know I'm so sad to leave the great Tunner food , and your loveing face 


It's totally not busy at market basket right now.. 


Writing my essay on a Christmas Eve.. lovely jubbly. 


Hope my parents are really proud of themselves  


Fell asleep at 9:30, woke up at 10:45. Now that's great! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 hmm I just might take that job if I were given the offer 


My tweets are so deadpan, you can't even tell when I am joking. 


 Wow, that doesnt sound stupid and boring like the original one at all 


Packers putting on a tackling clinic.   


 yup you're right Erik. everybody else is wrong. only Erik is right. everybody got that? Erik is right&amp;always will be 


 I know you can't wait to get back there Lol!!!  Can't wait till it's all over 


Reckon the Hull v Stoke game will be better than Man City v Arsenal.
 



so I'm trying to grow a beard for no shave november its been about a week, MY BLONDE PEACH FUZZ IS CRAZZZAY! 


Without our biggest weapon we kick ass it's so simple AP is the problem!!   


Gonna be a wonderful day if we have school!    


Don't us white men get anything for free in a modern society??!?!?!?   


We do have the highest incarceration rates in industrialized world that's something to be proud of I suppose  


 is the narrator's voice on comedinewithme u.k


           oh... Jimmy Fallon and Paul McCartney wished everyone a Merry Christmas and not a happy holiday!   


S/o to all my friends who wanted to hang out with me tonight. 


Ugh this day just keeps getting better &amp; better. 


 Hey now, he can say "Pitbull" and "dal" well enough! 


So if anyone hates me...Ok,but I have an advantage: I hate myself more than anyone in the whole wide world ever could do!!! HAHA... 


  Maybe they are motivated so that they don't have to listen to him any longer than they already do? 


I just love listening to my dad's homophobic comments  


 really!? Wow that must be some magical device from the future to have such a neat gadget!  


This physics final is gonna be rough on me  


 Ha, ha, tomorrow is about the non existence of climate change ! And deadbaiting for Pike.


 what!? The  has an app? I.didn't know that.     


The Pig has missed all the "Andrew Luck is better than (insert the blank)" tweets over the past two games. 


 Brace yourselves for "Brace yourselves.." tweets 


No one plays better than Dalton in the playoffs! 


I just love when I'm having a conversation with someone and they stop texting back 


   

No, its steroids 

Of course it's exercises! What did you think?!


Sisters gone? Oh my! Whatever shall I do with my life without them!?  


. now complains about councils NOT spending money but don't worry they ain't hacks 


 Ok you convinced me.  He loves gay people.  Thinks they are wonderful.  


Going to venture out at lunch with My SLR armed with a Sigma 17-70 for street photography. This should be nice &amp; discreet. 


Yeah whats life without a little  anyway.    days before new year eve but my body's already sore. Very nice 


Didn't take Tim's long at all to get the cup sleeve.  Feeling better about my dbl cupping now.  takes 8,460 bolts to assemble an automobile, and one girl driver to scatter it all over the road. 

 



I'm on my way back home, once again, sitting in a bus is too much fun 


Ah the whole  package has arrived...ugh :-( thanks for choosing my day off, not that I wanted to enjoy it or anything 


 that's my jam!! It'll get me in my feelings every time! It's a go to for sure!!!  


I'm seeing that the PS4s are having some hardware issues after launch. I didn't see this coming! 


On our way to Gothenburg for meeting number 2 this week. Another day of 6+ hours in the car, yay! 


Done studying with enough time to get a whole sleep cycle in!! Alright!!!! 


Singtel... Your 3G service is..... is....................... just amazing!!!! 


 yeah cause I'm totally winning at my love life as it is 


Wanna know what's best part about having a TON of finals? Once you're done studying one you know there's still the other subjects! 


Don't even have one day on the schedule this week. I LOVE MY JOB... 


Hey, a Michael Green touchback. That's new  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Anyone know if "Welcome to My City" is available on iTunes?  


I'm just glad that your wear your insubordination like it's a virtue.   


My phone won't stop turning off and on.  SMURFING awesome! 


 that's chill, but it violates the policy. I enjoy that champlain doesn't like enforcing all their policies equally 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


The  have outscored the  43-3 in 1st halves this season. At least the 'Skins have been a 2nd half team lately. 


I tell ya, I sure do love the rain. So much that I love it when my yard floods.     November 2013 was officially the planet's warmest November on record." But I was cold so global warming is a hoax 


Wow people at this school are lovely, mature people... 


 Meet Me Halfway by Kenny Loggins is one of the greatest songs ever written.    


If it smells like bullshit and it looks like bullshit, it's bullshit. Putting sugar on shit doesn't make it a brownie.   


Had to buy a new battery. Back up and running. Thank you Minnesota weather.  


Having to work today and the when I get off I'll be going home to a New Year's Eve party...   Great.... 


I fucking love getting work on the days that i ask for off 


Oh No!  Brent Musburger mentioned Duck Dynasty, he must hate gays too.   


Tooned was better this year than Mclaren itself ;) 


   well thanks for getting back to me today   


   not true. The Astros are awesome 


Nice to know you out of the group. You deserve it!
p.s: btw i dont know who the hell is dare to knock you out. pitty! 


I love the fact everyone in my English class appreciated my cupcakes :) 


 loss plus a  win puts the Browns at the number three spot in draft.  


I Love tripping over 4 different pairs of shoes in the morning &amp; none of them are even mine  


So...Now I'm a story teller!  Isn't the customer always right?  


Shout out to the always creative(  ) Chevy for stealing Boston's motto about 6 months to late.


"Bkit d ka crush ng crush mo?" "Bride for rent" wow huh! Quality movie pang oscars! 


I don't have a single photograph with my phone held up high against a mirror.  When that'll happen is a mystery yet to be solved. 


Woke up. Killed me a bear, buck, and a Zebra. you could say it's been a goodmorning 
 


I feel so sorry for everyone who finishes for Christmas today. You should work until Christmas Eve like me! You will be happier 


great signing by the mets signing chris young  


 I just love being the butt of the joke because of my defining beliefs and standards, don't you?  


LOL .. No Italian wedding would be the same without it! My personal favorite .. Maria Nicola!   


If  is looking for Megalodon he's probably cruising the Philippines.  


Hey now! "  This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player. 


Hmm what a surprise that spencer and tori aren't in zero 


I say "seriously" way too much. Seriously.   


Holy crap. Hudler scores. 3-2  and i think they just matched their last month's offensive output. 


I'm still feeling quite happy so I might watch the match again on ITV+1 


 Stafford has 15 picks and 4 lost fumbles. Any chance they dump him for McCown next year? 


Thanking my uncle for the cold he's so generously given me. I really wanted to look like Quasimodo so cheers for that!  


  best way to fix dns is to widely adopt dnssec, and use amplification attacks to slaughter the rest of the net 


Wow  I am so glad you have some non-biased commentators who focus equally on each team  


 Perfect. Just in time for LA and St. Louis. They're easy opponents. 


 its really nice up here. So much fun. So many people.  lol


Webb time  Nice catch by Patterson but you could see he was a half-yard off when he ran that route so I'd bench him. 


On my way back to bolivar! Just gotta get through 18 hours in a car first...yay!  


Truth!              Wow. This is the most intelligent tweet I've seen all day! 


Love, love, LOVE the weather right now. Seriously, no  there at all. 


I think Mrs. Dobbins should get teacher of the year. 


hahahahahaha gue banget .. " My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 should use more airtime to focus more attention on himself. It is endlessly fascinating. 


I just love finding new bruises everyday  


I hate how ungrateful I am..    


I'm loving all the effort you're putting into out friendship!  


Not just one, but two disabled trains in front of mine. So yeah, the week is starting out great! 


Looks like I'm gonna be pulling an allnighter.        


Can't believe somebody was shot outside of Black Dog. 


 worthless fiat currencies pushing asset prices to new highs. The only safe investment nowadays is Bitcoin... 


Love meeting all the interesting and different people on courses 


I love that all of the ads made in and for Australia around this time are all just.... /cricket/. 


Big thanks to half my spanish class, I just can't wait to dive into all these packets!!!!! Awesome!!!!!    


i don't think there is enough cowboys news on espn right now 


Salman had hinted way early tht "ladkion k jhagde mei mard bahar ho jate hain" aur wohi hua dono ladke out  


Clattenburg should never be allowed to referee again after what he said... Even though he gets sworn at by every player.  


  OMG it would make my life if THE Chad Dunlop said hi to me at school!  


My level of  is beyond your generosity. Haha


You are progressively getting uglier and I'm loving every bit of it.      


While many enjoyed getting drunk tonight, I enjoyed watching my teams play like they were drunk.  


Huge thanks to the holiday shopper who put the MASSIVE dent in the side of my car. I appreciate your responsibility.  


Oh good. My dad  on twitter. His ramblings will be interesting indeed.  ;)


our wonderful, caring MPs have voted to keep the bedroom tax  


I really love arguing with you all day long at work. 


I absolutely love the way  plays. He just threw a block. Not many QBs would do that. Also, he's alright as a passer 


  when are you coming to join us?! :) today was so much fun (don't listen to lily)! 


Awwww, I love it when the local pub has a live band on; its just what I want to hear when I get in bed
 


Can mark getting a CT scan off my bucket list    I was kidding, I do not love kim jong un... No matter how totes adorb he is  


Today will consist of work for 6hrs and then the library for 12+hrs... Oh, what fun 


Yes that call is deff worse than the one greenbay got screwed on against the Seahawks! 


Next time you hear someone say Technology is making us anti-social, show them this !!!     Great night for my heat to go on the blink. 


Omg I look super pretty right now   


 but you gotta admit, those jokers introducing the music of GTA were amazing right? ..... Right? .... Hello? 


Happy Chris...Thanksgiving rap.      ...   Suspension: Fox News Hosts Defend Phil Robertson  I'm shocked they supported him 


Ooh fun. I feel a migraine trying to make itself known. That's nice. 


I'm going to have to put up with this at school!  


Well, at least Dalton shows up in big games............................................................................... 


I absolutely love being ignored greatest thing in the world 


Josh Gordon and Reggie Bush has not touched the ball one time in both of their games. Good thing they're both on my fantasy team 


Well tonight has turned out to be just a wonderful night 


 in their defense, when they RT a team tweet, that's reporting, right?  


 You wake me up in the morning to tell me something like that?   :P Still love you (:


And it's only going to get colder tonight! I love it   for the cold weather here in  I guess I moved here at the perfect time   


It's really unusual to see all of these roadworks on British motorways. 


 she sounds like a lovely person to be around 


Morning all, love it when I wake up 1hr before the alarm goes off :-(  love it even more that I have to set my alarm for a Sunday 


 but yeah now we talk about this why don't you play happywheels 


I mean, yeah! I love swimming in 20 degree weather, it's the best!  


 If you think analyzing writing is useless, just wait till you graduate as take college writing, it only gets better 


 But what you did is unforgivable! Consider all the lives destroyed by you retweeting that pic! 


  YOU MEAN YOU'RE RUNNING THE SAME PROGRAM FOR THE 500TH TIME, I DON'T BELIEVE IT 


 mailed us a brochure about their new lineup, and a lease offer. Only $2494 a month, what a deal!   yeah, because 5 championships is nothing nowadays, right? 


Glad to know that all my friends are there for me when I need them 


 and Ernie Simms would've done so much better 


Amazing! Why isn't the world more excited??  RT  Today is 11/14/13. That's not going to happen again in 100 years.


 you mean as a police officer he's not independently wealthy? 


Front desk of a  is da same as da  one person handling everyone 


 2 ints late. I suppose that's not stopping anybody? 


Please make me feel small I fucking love that shit 


Wow! Thanks for sending me 30mb of unmarked files for that  loan you are looking to place.  


Errr I actually do.   RT   thats like saying u read the sun for the sport!


My entire room, especially my bed, is completely covered in glitter - thank you so much   


Love spending $1,000 on books for school..I mean, what else would I want to spend that money on? 


That's the karma. You get smtg tht u deserve. Hahhaa 


That was my last lunch of 2013.     


This!!
RT  Clobberverse Christians! My favorite!   


Me: Can I go to the bathroom?

Teacher: What for?

Me: TO OPEN THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS!! What do you think for?!




My mama just so fucking perfect. She just does everything right.   (Irritating ass LADY!!!)


Not going to school next semester! YAY!
 


Running errands is so much fun! Just one place left to go finally.   


Love how I'm tired during the day but can't sleep when I try to :/  


Oh yes, I'm sure that kind of relationship is gonna work and I'm positive that no one will get hurt.. 


    take a nap old man, you're going through a mid-life crisis Oooh kill em. 


 Terribly sad news in Uganda:  unbelievable! should we be glad it's not punished by death? 


Getting ready for work       is a chick flick on in my apartment. Love &amp; movies. My 2 favorite things 


 So glad it was rubbish weather yesterday &amp; it's nice &amp; sunny today! Thanks Auckland! 


of course my morning starts at the doctor's office...why wouldn't it  


  better than Romo and riding the pine. Good job. Strive to be like that guy. 


  are you  Ross? I never knew. :P 


  sorry ami.. Ami really is calling me a beg - i am a beg also whatever she says i am as she is my boss  


Psh I just love it when plans have not happened for the fourth time..yeah!! 


I blame 'Batman' for my high expectations   and using Israel's masterful network of roads? 


gonna fail this data project and the class? probs.      


The temperature is supposed to drop 40 degrees from Friday to Sunday. Thanks North Carolina for your completely predictable weather!


 agreed.  One sided calls.  Shocker that Denver's WRs get that.  


It looks like Victor Newman may be as kind in real life as he is on TV.   (cc:   lol ...well that's way more plausible.  


" Cooked at 3 places today... N we allowed ouselves 5 secs only to hold tha spatulla... N smile to the cameras" 


Thanks for leaving gas in the Audi dad. Means a lot. 


No hotdog forever.          mishoo! :"&gt;


Nice job Trestman! We're doing soooo much better with Cutler!   


Holy fack I love bein ignored     


  didn't the Braves just get Turner field in 1996? I think Camden Yards is due first  


Came in at 4 and I'm just barely going to lunch, love my job 


I just love when my oldest gets pissed off because I love hearing him whine 


Glad I am driving over to Butler to sit in class, and do an activity that will take like 30 minutes or less. 


Nevermind  I see it was a joke by  basically saying black people can't spell, how hilarious! 


 I've heard about it haha. Just never seen it. Just a little 


I am really looking forward to typing this essay for religion tonight 


 starts Bell, duh! Y'know, because the offense is almost there with him at QB 


  everyone knows dads can't take care of kids 


 Why, you have every right to be "TOISHED," good sir! 


  because the people acting are good actors man. They put they life on the set.  hahahashyaaaatapp haha


Where would it be cheaper to send  on day of  memorial service? Micronesia.   


Guess I'm staying up tonight 
Thank homework
You're the best



Lions are about to lose to a team that can't even score a touchdown...yeah ravens really deserve the playoffs with that fire power 


There won't be any controversy over that. None at all..    (but I think no call is correct)


  yea lets just ignore all the rules 


Ok, tlong jgn buat klaka,,, take the mirror and look at it deeply,,,, 


" Broncos have their 13-game home winning streak snapped with loss to Chargers" I feel terrible......


Wait... You mean to tell me Maryville is playing in another state title game. I'm shocked. 


I'm so glad I was graced with your presence tonight 


Love how my existence is so appreciated   


  She also knows how to pick football games better too! 


Melody telling me I look "pretty" after I just wake up, makes my heart melt :-)    


The best part of getting spun is when the idiot destroys you ten minutes later. 


Dumb RT  Good job dion phaneuf on that last goal!! You hustled hard to get to that puck! Captain material!! lol  


So glad I get invited to all these parties...   


Delighted to know that at this rate I will finish on Dec. 9. Thank you, NaNoWriMo.   


The rave going on upstairs is only slightly annoying. 


 Yeah I wouldn't want to watch the best team in football either. 


Really looking forward to studying Mass Media Law all day tomorrow too 


Nothing like a beautiful warm sunny day in Kansas! 


I wish VT had made their parking lots just a little father away! 


  Jack Morris pitched to the score though Brian!?  


 concerned with what's "important."  MT "Becoming a disturbing trend. Can falls to Russia, misses podium." 


Motivational Tweet of the day: Don't be a douche.    


 I like it.  I do think you'll be happy with him.   Of course, if you don't want him we can send Paul Pasqualoni 


 No because then I'd be alone jk, I don't need you  


 there are black people in upton? There goes the neighborhood.. I'm moving.  hahaha


 Awaiting Rex Ryan news conference. Can't wait to ask him about improved run defense.   an absolute knee slapper, rich


Hope  don't run a Duck Dynasty marathon after suspending Phil Robertson. Surely they won't take advantage of the publicity. 


 too bad it's too late to do this for this years Christmas car 


You know I'm in a greeeeeeeaaaat mood when I start listening to Eminem's darker shit... 


War-weary  turn to  and  online  oh I'm totally besties with Freddie!! I even tweet him about moonlight and kisses raining down on him! Lol  


It cracks me up when celebrities are at games and aren't wearing team apparel. I guess you can't look good and wear team stuff. 


Starting with a cold shower then being In traffic all day and the night cap of being pulled over made for a lovely day. 


The happiest of campers       love when  doesn't reply to my texts.... 


Camping 101 - Remember campers! Always camp in the same corner of the map consistently. You wouldn't want people to catch on. 


Some  are back in session tomorrow...who's excited for    


All us Heisman voters KNEW Winston would have a bad game today. We voted for him anyway so you'd have something to complain about. 


 omg!! I ddnt knw tht :P   haha if only I culd gt my hnds on them 2 nights/Sold out  Bastille


Nice to see the battery life on the iPhone 5s last longer 


Duck Dynasty guy made hateful generalizations about a group of people.
That is so typical of white trash rednecks... 


 &lt;&lt; has this wanker taken over where Crag Emerson left off?   not his fort


" Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. Sarcasm is extremely healthy for the mind."



Get samaras on the ball he will make things happen 


10 days left until I get a flood of responsibilities for myself.  


  yes or consult an English professor before you send out any tweets 


every year you pass your birthday and know that you were born that day but every year you pass your death day and have no clue. 


Whose ready for a new champ is here shirt coming tomorrow for?  I know I'm super excited   


I mean, I thought they were peaking too early with Ziggler VS Fandabbydozy in the Pre-show, but fuck me, they somehow topped that! 


I'd say let the  score here. Put the game on the powerful and super accurate arm of Ponder.   


 it's Johnny F. Football. He's ready to take over Tom Brady &amp; Peyton Manning in a couple years as the face of the NFL! 


 I get prettier and have better eyebrows. Please.  


Thanks for treating me like I am an existing human being. 


 hahaha you've been so funny this weekend  


On the bright side hale county's got school tomorrow 



Treasury Forced to Issue $1T in New Debt in First 6 Weeks of FY14 | No reason to cut spending    a kid isn't reading by third grade, the state has already reserved a room for them in prison"  ?  


Really looking forward to working at 8am tomorrow 


I have to swim tomorrow with this huge hole in my foot. Lol this will be fun. 


Going back to my old says before Christmas, fun...  


Woo! That zone defense was perfect on that last touchdown!! Good job  


 lol, for me -  perhaps it should say WELCOME BACK! ENJOY YOUR STAY! &lt;that's right twitter that's  &gt; ;)


 really I didn't know that! I just posted this for no reason! Hahaha oh wait that's 


It's snowing, I bit my lip, and burnt my hand. What a wonderful fucking day it has been.  


Nina and I are like the best dancers ever. We've got the rhythm.  


Again special shoutout to media folks trumpeting they were right about Hairston's situation. So glad it worked out for you. 


Thanks Auburn, Alabama would have clearly beaten FSU  


Oh how I love starting the year with an ear infection 


Getting miss-paid the week before Christmas  


  u r such a coward that a karmic warning is fascism? wait. its KARMA based. its saffron fascism  


I see you've changed your relationship status 5 times this month. You must be a keeper. 


Clearly we're both great at taking pictures  but this is the only man I will ever need  my  my voice has never sounded better!!  


I'm so happy I'm pushing carts for nine hours today in this weather! 


Hey, Tom Mison, try and be a little hotter, could you? Cause I don't think you're doing it quite enough...  


Thanks for telling me to do a while bunch of stuff I didn't have to do!    


  But conservatives should be afraid because he's going to lock the door and punch us in the nose. 


  the 99%ters will be up in arms. You can't give tax breaks to big biz! 


You kno u  wn u say "Im goin to Chick-fil-a wn i get paid" 


Can't get a Kenyan visa at the US embassy? Who would have guessed.      


sorry to offend anyone but yeah I actually do like my body   


 " Damn! Tomorrow school with   ;)" yay can't wait  gehehehe ;) 


Auburn fans are STILL hating on Alabama fans. Stay classy auburn  


Bit strips on Facebook are stupid annoying. Now you can post them on Instagram. Oh boy.  


Noooo shit!!!    Your cat really doesn't care what you have to say  start of the day when you have been getting yelled at all morning 


On the bright side, that is the only home loss for the Bengals.  


WHATT?!?!?! A sign of life in my house?!?! This can't even be happening right now.. it can't be.   


Now time for the fun part, organizing and cleaning 


This is my "I'm just so happy to be at the DPS today" face    one that! Celtic away next...hooray!  Have to keep the faith though


  its not serious haha  as everybody with us always talks about weed and windmills and cheese


Yes!!!! New series of Splash coming soon. So excited 


by the way, dont tell me we have to delete hanbin's selca too? 


An amazing DLine, a decent back-up QB, A crazy good RB, &amp; their coach is Urban Meyer. OHIO STATE ARE SCRUBS. 


I like my  like I like my  black and strong!  


  job =  fail Jobs for the girls: no sinking feelings about Sophie Mirabella   


This day just keeps getting better and better.... 


My Saturday morning is full of the excitement of cleaning the kittens poo out of the washing machine lovely!!  is the way forward!!


WARNING! Be careful driving in
the Old Trafford area....people picking up a lot of 3 points recently 


hey  way to stroke the millennials' narcissistic ego.   


Timely!  RT  Baylor wins Big 12 title, beats Texas 30-10


Didn't see this coming...  | Federal judge finds NSA spying unconstitutional  there any way I can automatically append  to all of my tweets.


 If there is anyone who knows how to win the playoffs, it's Andy Reid.  


I love mornings when you're so rushed you can't even stop to think.  


Nothing like listening to the Sail to put me in a good mood.  


 MT  I'm not sry RT  Sorry to disturb you and your Eagles on a bye, lmao. RT  Oh the Cowboys won?


Thank you Twitter, Tumblr, Reddit, Instagram and Facebook, for constantly reminding me I should be studying. 


Snow day for everyone!!! Oh wait I still get to go to work tomorrow, I'm clearly the lucky one! 


The fight with   rages on...   


I love it when I get to work before my manager 


Sounds like success....  " Ryan Secreast White Rapper Female Show, we're ok with it or nah?  I'm sure thrilled with dissertation options now 


Only need 14 more religions. So accomplished lol 


HAHAHAHA I just built my entire A gallery wrong    


It is a shame I can not stream  android. Thanks ACA. 


This book will never ever be in my sight again        concentration sucks balls tonight. Wonder why. 


This game is so boring...    SCORES!! I knew that would work...


Lmao! RT  Fixed that for you RT  So I guess Geno is the future QB the  have been waiting for. It's official. 


   Loving the videos lads, my girlfriend watched the vid and said  hes funny! 


  George Will says its the new entitlement, i.e. Americans have a right to go through life unoffended. 


Love seeing  all over my Instagram.  


  But Obama said you could, so it must be true. 


I wish you could actually punch people through the internet.      


And when I say pleasure I really mean it   


  and still don't. What's the big deal your ID can be stolen. 


Oh Facebook friends - your ability to resort to some serious HS shit is fantastic. FANTASTIC! 


There's a screaming  at my flight gate...this should be fun.   


so joey essex and amy willerton are apparently dating, wow i never saw that one coming ;) 


When the counselor asks how it makes you feel.      to  -isms. U r one of a kind! Laughing my butt off. I could use some lessons!   


By the way, that previous tweet I quoted was totally sarcastic. I know exactly why. There just wasn't enough characters for that 


Well at least the  didn't end an horrific week with a humiliating defeat. 


I love hearing all the amazing singers on vine! 


 Sorry for the inconvenience, we'll just let the homeless starve so you can continue enjoying the view from home 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


   But guys, if you don't hashtag it with  how will anyone ever know!?!?!?


 Nope! Hahah yeah.. We're ones to be talking about creeping. 


Can't wait to sit in my bed and watch gossip girl all knight.  


I still don't think I've heard enough of Manning vs. Brady today. 


Thank God For Global Warming....Or, it would REALLY be cold!!!   


oh i do love it when 13 year old girls add me on fb !   


Why's everybody dressing up as  It's not  anymore.   


 that doesn't sound like something I would do at all.  


  they have to make sure you're not hiding a dslr camera or *gasp* a soda under there.  


I GET IT! He's dressed as the Doppler Effect,  of course it makes total sense now.. 


 A PS4?!? OMG CONGRATS YAY MICHAEL now we can all rest easy 


Thanks to  for the late-breaking intel on Bronies. Keep up the stellar and timely coverage, guys!  


Pure  - Sign petition to ask Rahul Gandhi to stand against corruption -  


 I'm very well aware that Lush is a store. THANK YOU!!! 



I just love when people try to correct me and don't know what they are talking bout  


Good morning!!! Merry Christmas Eve!! Hope your day is better than mine I'll be sitting in a car for 10 hours  


Excited for dinner to hear my all my family tell me joining the military is stupid 


Thank you  thank you for the on/off broken signals all through  holiday show. As usual, so reliable. 


Except when you nearly choke on a piece of the cereal.  


I have a pecan pie in the oven and I have to go get the kid soon. I'll start on apple peeling and slicing when I get home. Yay. 


BREAKING: Portland has never changed bus routes before and can't do it to accommodate new building which saves $$  


 i put  on my sarcastic tweets, cos ppl say that to me a lot


This drive home from work is going to rock. 


All the good stuff  " Truth about Hot Dog's  Helen Flanagan on itv2. Some intelligent and concise opinions coming up!    


It's really good to be hoarse while trying to teach at gymnastics. Kids really take me seriously and listen well. 


Oh the joys of creepy men hitting on you.....nothing like being back in the home town   


Aii' love prof."   its just a love tip for those who are in love lol


 I was planning on apartment hunting this weekend. Thanks, Mother Nature. 


"    if i am a fake account then u r Mr. AMitabh Bachchan 


What an awesome way to start the day. My dog has a seizure. 


Man no good players want to play for Seattle huh? 


"  Haha good joke  shame all your jokes are dead


  you don't get on national television shooting mid-range jumpers, buddy. 


So beyond done that I just can't       


 he didn't even have a double-double. Idk why everyone thinks he's so special. 


EU Law seminar, this is going to be the peak of my weak  


Obviously telling me I'm being a C U Next Tuesday is the appropriate way to get an apology out of me 


 gun control will make the ghetto a safe place for black people to live around each other 


Weekend off and I'm broke! Go Lexi!!    


I knew it was too good to be true. Way to kick off the new year:/ 


Oh good - Betty Boop playing cards. That'll be perfect. 


I'm so glad everyone supports me cutting my hair off to donate it. 


   ehh... you know what they say, outta sight, outta mind!  


Don't worry about me though... I'll be fine. I know you guys are heartbroken over it.  


Sixth Form Presentation evening is postponed.. OH NO! and I was reallyy looking forward to that! :(  


I just loveeee finding out new stuff about myself from someone who has never talked to me. 


Casually hanging out with  The conversations are crazy!! 


Walking to my car off campus in the dark is always a fun thing 


 ur so funny bro like literally dying on the floor 


Saw this leaving today. Great        my gosh, I think she meant to put "Super"..."    


I just love the taste of shampoo in my mouth after I've washed my hair  


This guy has mastered the art of  :D ANGOLAN SECRET POLICE NOW FASHION POLICE:  via 


 MTN be like 'Text Mandela to 4100 to use his last breath as your caller tune'  but funny :((


Just let them be :)        shelling out out 15 for the game tomorrow I'm so pleased to hear the manager views it as a distraction.  


 Get your head straight Mac, even i know what MUA and smashbox means  xx


That feeling you did something wrong &lt;&lt;  


Oh look...its overcast at the MCG...England will win toss and skittle them out cheaply. That will change everything. 


Sooo my family might be leaving for Houston... Spending the new year alone   


yes the weather conditions are perfect for racing up to a stop sign you d bag  


Woo great Sunday night game lined up here let's go!!    


"Classes from 1:30 onwards are suspended"
Perfect! 'Cause my classes end at 1:30. 


It's alright, I didn't wanna be happy or anything.  


 he's so classy in his responses  


Haha ouch, I'm not sure I'll ever recover..  


I'm feeling the love with all these good morning messages . 


Pure confidence is tweeting  so much that it fills your TL. 


" I love it when you don't text me back." 


It's nice to know that I can count on my family. 


  Ag...does it really matters!    


That moment you realize that it's literally your job to pick up everyone else's slack due to their poor organization.  


 Couldn't happen Jewel you know illegals are all just persecuted saints Ask SHY 


A dental cleaning is always a fantastic way to start the day. 


 Didnt you know that the writers who voted said it so it just be true. Cabrera&gt;Trout. 


I see the tickets for X factor Italy final show are cheap 


 "Druckenmiller..sucked?" I think your missing the  tag.


Me &amp; Matt's conversations when we're both tired are just so exciting  


sh av nal My eyes are actually bleeding as a result of reading your    of the mind. Be forthright guy or not.


Im really good at keeping secrets coz five minutes later I forget what you told me because I dont care
   


ESPN Opens with Cowboys (7-7) then move onto "Chip Kelly to Texans?" Pretty top notch Network.  


It's frigid outside. Darn this global warming. 


Oh no! No X Factor tonight, what a shame, whatever will I do with my life now that it's over? ( just in case you weren't sure ;) )


I thank God everyday that he gave us  
How can we ever thank him for being the eyes of the "ColorBlind"  


 But someone like that might stop free speech and implement their extremist regime! 


The best week of school is next week :D semester exams :D   


Yeah sure, I'm cool with the Middle School addition to the High School....if they put up a friggin Berlin wall in between 


Best special teams in the country!   but Huskers did score!


 it was only a 10 second play in the pocket before he ran so what would think holding was involved. 


My sleeping patterns rule fall asleep early so I can enjoy the night   


Listening to people talk about their record hunts. Great job. I'm sure it was difficult. You're probably really talented. 


Mets to sign C Teagarden to minor league deal  via  &gt;&gt; major move by the  


I just love how me and my brother never hangout anymore. 



 Me too.  V poignant Steph's comment about a multi millionaire WAG doing the voiceover.

 



LOL.... I think its pretty obvious now...RT  So who paid enough to get a nomination? 


Can't wait to watch Rodney Hood make another team better. And that other team is Duke. 


"The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think" 


 What do you mean?  First caller compared Trouba to Bobby Orr.  Don't see your point.  


Today just keeps getting better and better. 


Woahh a whole 5% off curtains and bedding? It's a Christmas miracle!!......    times at the laundry mat!   


 wow I didn't believe this tweet was true until you wrote " but now I believe this is 100% true!  


  You really have a way with words, I feel we could be best friends  


I love how my mom updates me on the status of my own flight when I'm sitting right next to the gate and can see it myself 


   Nevermind that, what about the freebies 


 well... There was some ugly people back then heck that person looks like a dog... haha lol 


I love the sound editing of these taped shows! 


Partaking in my favourite pastime with  &amp;  shopping!!! 


AHAH can we all take a moment to see how cute I am??    : You should have driven to Tampa. I-75 and I-275 are so picturesque this time of year. 


WOWOW bozak is good we should pay him more money to go out with on injury every game and play like shit when he does  


Yeah, because it TOTALLY makes her wet, &amp; gives her an orgasm....   &gt;.&lt;


 Sure why not? Ummm I DON'T like ATC and Chrissy. Again, Jk   


 Awesome day. Hoping for a repeat tomorrow. Yes great.  glad you had a good day bro. 


 such a really good guest lecture this morning! Got to get some Mars bars now I know they're 45% less fat.  


Awesome, crude language is very classy on twitter. 


So looking forward to the 12" of snow tomorrow.  


Oh no he wants to fight me someone get my back 


You know what the world needs? More apps to help us find content. 


Clearly, We are the Smartest Species on the Planet.       bruised foot and no voice- starting December off right.   


I picked the PERFECT time to dye my hair.   


My favorite way to spend my Saturdays is going to work 


Thank you all for voting for Obama.   I hate Obama and all you idiots who voted for him.


  what u trying to say? There's stereotyping of Blk men in particular by MSM? Never happens! 


 so the injury has moved over to our basketball team. Great!! 


Cool. I love when my computer crashes so close to finals week   


 are holding their own v    


"Your hair is so soft!"..,Thanks, I conditioned it myself.  


I do not understand why people put the letter 'r' into places it is not needed  


Insomnia made all the more bearable by England's stirring efforts in Australia  


My parents really know how start my morning great. 


No mom keep on vacuuming, I'm not trying to sleep  


Going outside and busting your booty. Best. Feeling. Ever.    


Wow youre a real badass!  RT      this day just keeps getting better and better. 


  FSU has a weaker strength of schedule than OSU but they won games by more pts so it's cool.  


I get the best goodnights ever.     For shame! We should feel sad for poor Bama fans. 


 Ohmygawd thank you my self esteem about rhythm just went up a trillion points!  


Cause this is EXACTLY what Paul was talking about in 1st Timothy!     Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


Thursday night football is about to be good   


 Guessing that I should have used  also.


On hold w/ the MD MVA!!!  WOOO WHOOOOOO!!! Party time!  


Wow Sparacus has some real A* writing on Gallifrey Base.   


Bortles is really in All Pro form on the biggest stage of his career.    


Truly RT   at its best. This deservers endless retweets.  via    


Oh, yay, another 5 inches of snow on the way! 


What wonderful weather we're having here in Manchester   


Foto: beliveinswag: Seriously,      So what you're saying is the problem is goaltending.  


Taylor is such a stud muffin. He attracts all the ladies...     Good luck, you have my sympathy.  People ARE the worst.  


Wow.. mixing the pass with the run....genius 


  I know, I forgot the  in it but oh well


"Would you like to make Internet Explorer your default browser?"
Yes, and I would like to create a 'MySpace' account as well 


 can't sell out a playoff game? Their fans must be bored of all that playoff success.


 yes it is as its possible to be 99% of one and 1% of the other  


so glad I have so many friends that miss me!   


so adakah mereka yang free hair tu belum baligh? 


So does the coaches ask everyone if they wanna stay in football that it's gonna get hard or was I just special?  


1 paper down for this week, only 2 more huge papers due Wednes and Thurs :D  


 Next thing you know OSU fans will blame the earthquake for disrupting their momentum.  


*cough*i thought*cough*she'll ask me*cough*to join this one*cough* 


People are like NO SCHOOL TOMORROW! realllyyyy? Thought we'd still go  


Thank You Dad for restoring my computer... much... appreciated...   right


Hup RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Here come the run-and-gun     


Absolutely fantastic...the WWE has decided that my entrance music is suitable for their Royal Rumble pay-per-view. Brilliant. 


Waiting at Birmingham New Street Station. My train is 38 minutes late before it even gets here. My week gets better and better 


Ain't I just a little ray of sunshine tonight.  


Seeing you at lunch for twenty minutes is great  


I hope this weekend goes by fast because of all the plans I have 


  Well, if you're going to score an own goal, it has to be good. Which it was.   


By the end of the epi I will lose followers for sure, kuch ko meri batain chubne wali hain for sure 


It's only a little cold outside. Might need a light jacket or sweatshirt      And its only going to get warmer, right Laura !


 Nice to know you're witty enough to come up with your own lines



Thanks to  for switching to last 30 secs of the SEA-SF game so I, outside the NYC market, could see entire Giants game.  


Oh great, lots of Mellie on  tonight... 


Ooooo you're cool! Taking pics with money and guns proves that.....



I wish I could show up drunk and not do shit like stephen.. 


         "That's what" -She


Best part after the holidays? Paying off your credit card bill  


Nah it's cool I'll just stand out in the cold and wait 15 minutes for the bus that's fine really I'm definitely okay with that 


  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...  this is on you! 


 Yeah you right let's just let people that can't afford health care die that's not pure evil 


S/O to my phone for not notifying me that Oreo texted me like 5 times. 


It's not like I need them or anything?  

I'm so mad at myself. I always lose everything 


I absolutely LOVE waking up and having no idea where I am!   


I'm really glad I can rely on  to always answer my calls and respond to my texts... 


I just really love that my neighbour likes to blare music through a surround sound system at all hours of the day.  


  but it's totally funny because the idea of homosexuality is hilarious &amp; gross!! 


 Beautiful announcing.  All USF does is go in on dirty challenges and your players are pure angels 


Johnny Manziel turns 21 tomorrow and I bet he'll be having his first drink too 


   he hasnt been great this year bt i never thot dubs should fire him


 standing will help lung capacity to boo.  a 1-1 Thriller at the Aston Villa 


 dont lie your pulling of a Crosby for quincey trade lol 


Nothing warms the bones more than waking up on Nov 23rd to Xmas music in the kitchen 


Don't worry, I'm still sexy even if I'm ill. ;)   Yea, here in KC it's already 25 degrees warmer than Monday, thinking about turning my 'air' on! 


Sure  users are LOVING this weather     shift!!!! Duke will come back for the win now over FSU! 


2014 has been off to a great start already....  and it's only the SECOND day of the year!!!!!


Glad these crazy anxiety attacks run in the family  


Lol yea. I totally wear scarves to cover all the hickies. Cuz I totally made out a bunch of guys last semester.  


We are slipping and sliding on the roads.. Good call KPS, it's the perfect day for school  


s/o to all you buttholes reminding me throughout the day what happened to my car this morning  thanks. like I would've forgotten. 


I'm just going to go ahead and join everyone else in thanking the school for allowing us to come to school. I'm so happy to be here 


Oh, and I'm so looking forward to dragging around the dress all day. 

Okay. I'll just shut up now and drink Dori's camomile tea.


And I think to myself what a wonderful world 


 rob ford is a visionary. He breaks stereotypes of Canadians.  


Looking up Recent Updates,Haha,so typical of you 
 


Ok computer, you can restart randomly, I wasnt in the middle of any thing      


I love waking up early to really badly done prank calls. 


kaloka naman yung council. higit sa lahat ah, eager sila na makahanap ng mga major infos for the intrams. SALAMAT SOBRAAAA! 


Soooo do you think this guy is from texas?         oh you have no idea how boring my family is hahaha 


 that sounds like the best when to spend Thanksgiving night.  


Im so excited about Mrs Meltons extra credit !.... 


"And we're burning one hell of a something." Nice... Real good lyrics there. 


  it is extremely difficult to hear sarcasm through a tweet. that's why " is part of twitter.. example 


... I love overtired Friday nights with looming Saturday starts... So fun! 


No go ahead &amp; text me 6 more times. 12 might be your magic number.   


 Oh, fabulous...I'm sure that's not at all annoying for you  are you still doing nights on checkouts or sticking with .com?


Well these last few days I've been productive. 


Wow I Hurt My Best Friends Feelings Cause I Didn't Go To School :(
  


 yeah. I didn't have room for   Hoping that calling him crude/racist/homophobe will demonstrate the sarcasm?


 you're in the minority there... They are a glorious thing. Everyone loves Mondays.   


ATL, you get an A+ for weather today! 36 degrees, raining, flood watch, snow showers? Doesn't get any better than that! 


   It only took 4 months! Wow, those guys working on that must have worked really quickly, 


 Eye-opening stuff U really tapped in2 a new vein its amazin to find some groundbreaking journalism in 2days world 


My right eye is red? No way! Cause I totally left the house today without looking in the mirror...  


   amyrah she has always liked them whatchu saying  


Feels good to know that when I get out of here I'll have all the tools necessary to succeed in life. Thank you  


 Everyone's probably still  in a tizzy about the "big" Iceman reveal.   that was 


 oh, your right, i wasnt talking about someone else. You convinced me 


 like oh.my.god it is such a big deal I can't even get over it  


 thanks, you make me feel so great about my life.. 


I didn't sleep at all two nights ago because I'm just SO EXCITED for the Winter Olympics 


   In order to save their network; TSN should grab those WWE rights from Sportsnet ASAP! 


 I can't possibly imagine why any pro sports league would ever want him owning a franchise.  


 " What a great fucking day.  I still love you! I love you too.. ;/


my parent's are both in *awesome* moods tonight &gt;.&lt;  


 Not my choice.. wasn't aware of it when I entered the league...  thanks for your input though, very helpful!!!  


Awesome we got Troy Aikman announcing the biggest game of the season  


 I really like having to restart my phone before making calls, especially when it shows 3 bars 


will have to wear flats if I wanna go out over Xmas. Great that I live in such a non-judgemental town  


Oh i just love doing two hours of work only to find the shitty computer doesn't have enough memory to save my fucking project. 


Lmao yeah your funny af bitch, she don't get it lmao  


When you trust someone for a long ass time then turns out ever word was a lie n they didn't even like   


Took awhile but i broke 1k tweets oooohhhhhhhhh my gaahhhhddddd im sooooooo cooooollll 


When your bus just decides to not show up...yeah, that's cool yo  


 is doing an amazing job for the  Down 8  half, he makes adjustments so they lose by 30...to the  


I love how loved my boyfriend makes me feel. 


Get to file music and do stuff in the band room today   


That fumble was Andy Daltons fault...just an awful hand off!  


Oh how I'm loving this weather and my job!!!      I just read that sarcastic people is a trait that is found in geniuses. So now I ask where the fuck is my noble prize! 


 No I didn't. He wasn't a big factor in the episode at all anyway.  :P


I love having asthma because I like to experience coughing so much that I cant breathe  


After that performance, I really like our chances against the USA  


You know what's a fun game? Taking a fist full of Benadryl and playing "Who Can Stay Up The Longest?"   


 u don't know by  or its an honest question?


Arguing kids - one of my absolutely favorite things about Saturdays 


Not even 7am and I've already dropped everything I've picked up. Yup it's gonna be a great day. 


 wow you're such a genius! I was really struggling  


 I heard they've played a tough schedule. 


Good old wonky face ghost child. Not terrifying at all.  


 pissed!!' Why does school start tommorow !!  


New Year's Eve spent with all my friends...bag of chips, ps3, and netflix! Loving it! 


Well, I must say I am deeply saddened by the news that Tony Romo will miss the rest of their 1 game season..   


 Thanks for your apologies over the delay. It's really nice how I get one every time in travel with you  


Passive aggressive signs!
 Via  - further evidence that these signs work like magic.   love finding out how close people are once someone passes away.  


 RK or FiF? Either way dont marry him now even though they are so heavy  


Yea be mean...that makes you real attractive. 
  disappointed


I'm glad that you would rather sleep than spend time with me. 


Wow Paris Hilton is a very talented DJ...She's more worthy of being the closing act than Stevie wonder 


That was great class by lebron and the heat.... 


Happiness is a vacuum cleaner mixed with construction on deadline. 


 can I like something that drives me off the bloody wall!?! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Photo: Look what my mom brought me from her trip. -.-      I'll miss all the Children in Need stuff tonight 


Nothing better than waking up sick on Thanksgiving.  


Gooooood morning Jville. So happy to see you.  


Seems like I did that a long time ago. Glad to see y'all are being creative. 


I love being stuck at home because of the snow... 


First class is CANCELLED!!!! Yayyyyy....I mean nooooooo 


 you loose something in apt no way!!!  


 I know. I keep forgetting to tag my tweets  tonight...


 Wow! The Provincial Liberals are so trustworthy, honest and fiscally responsible. Pls help us!   


Cinta bangetttt ama adobe premiere. saking cintanya gw buka terus 48 jam.. laptop aja ampe gw hibernasi ga prnh shut down.. 


Pretty stout defense being played here so far....


It's good to have all those cable channels showing movies that I have on DVD (Road to Perdition &amp; Suicide Kings).Great programming. 


Someone has The Smiths on in work... This day just got better 


Should be an interesting 3rd test RT  Ladies, gentlemen and Poms this is the WACA. DECK OF DEATH.  


   your lies are amusing. Everyone knows that GOP policies destroyed Detroit. 


Thank god I can either watch Pitt vs Browns or Giants vs Redskins. Idk what I would do if I got the Jets vs Dolphins. 


I think Im starting to see why all the critics say Cutlers one of the most talented quarterbacks in the league. *rolls eyes* 


Nothing I love more than m&amp;ms falling down my shirt and getting stuck in my bra...  


 ur dad i right my child. You should not watch half naked man. 


 " Ok,thank you so much,and how is the United states doinq today? 


Helping my mom move... Cuz she's done sooo much for me once I moved out... 


On a mad one for Black Friday!!       on a Saturday and staying in, what a surprise 


I've eaten the food. I've greeted people. I've patiently waited the clock to strike 12. It's all done. Now I'll finally sleep.  


Can't wait to see all my dumbass relatives tonight!!! 


        
STRIPPING AWAY the INSANITY of LIFE &amp; PARENTHOOD!  hate attack in barnsley pub? who'd believe it?    


I'm proud that the A-league is the best league in Australia. So much quality  


The  is 100/all good things come to an end    waking up with a headache is the best. 


225 yrs of precedent doesn't matter     just hit the nuclear button  


Just for a change the Express has a story about Diana.  


Mantra promising a golden bullet: Membrane &amp; bipolar &amp; PGM free  Only 1 word missing: revolutionary.  


Gutted she wasn't naked swinging on a massive ball though 


" I hope I never wake up" well that's positive... 


Oh, hello winter... it's so good to see you again!! 


Gonna really miss the concourses and the troughs at the Dome.  


I love it when someone stops talking to you without a reason  it's so cool!! 


 But they're gonna come back and win the division!  


No, mom. I wasn't in the middle if my sentence answering your question. Please go ahead and talk to someone else. I enjoy it. 


My Uncle: "I tell everyone I can't have a kid because it would turn out like me and then I'd have to kill it and if go to prison" 


Yup another year where I'm all by myself and No man yayyyyy!.....



Yup! That's the 3rd flat tire of the weekend. Yay.   glad HBK dresses up like he's in an angle  


Next time I want your opinion I'll give it to you 


Erat asks for a trade.   Guy's a fuckin plug.


off I go for the day- weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   -.-


Whatever you do in 2014, make sure you follow    


Please let me keep biting the inside part of my bottom lip it feels so much better ever time I do it 


Off to the Family Christmas party for my mother's side...  


Some one tell Ozil to get warmed up he might be comin on soon 


 Just some ppl are not approving of her friends. But no worries, R friends are ok. 


Not like I have a final this morning or anything. 


  I would like him more if he had built houses here, forget the 3rd world countries!   


And next week we get to see Stefan come to the rescue to these two assholes (aka Damon &amp; Elena). Wierd, cause that NEVER happens. 


henderson and cleverley in middle hahahaha dream midfielder that  


 Yes! How else would I be able to dry my hair 


 but changing the name will make all the difference. 


 Gee. I wonder why you are moving there.  


By looking at sea of humans at the immigration office I shall conclude that Malaysians really have no money to travel abroad 


I love how there's no longer a Speed Network. Soccer is so much more interesting.  


  Freezing rain warnings issued in southern Ontario   -  via 


Oh is it  birthday today? Damn I didn't even see anything about it all day?   happy birthday lilboy


 YOU ICE-HEARTED FLOOZY! HOW DARE YOU TAKE YOUR PERSONAL LIFE OVER YOUR FANS!  


So exited that I'm coming down with the flu!!!! :D  


I sure do love running errands during the holiday season. Almost as much as I love, say...shopping. 


Since I did so well on my argumentative research paper, I now have to make it into an evaluation research paper, yay... 


Thanks Twitter without you I'd have absolutely no idea the weather is shit today 


I wonder if Denver misses Tebow at all?  


  You rascals need to start using the  tag! This playa is totes gullible!


I honestly don't think I've ever looked as attractive as I have these past few days...    :'(


Mack Brown resignation dominating news in Austin since Sat evening.  Anyone know who won Heisman trophy?  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Shall I make a  banner for the trip to St Mary's on sunday? 


  Things r looking up. The Prez proposed today a federally controlled website to help traffic congestion.


Amazing to see a QB make great decisions all game til the very end. 


 But oh the boyts work so hard and they owe us nothing, we have to respect how they want perfection.  


  I should have added  to that tweet


Aside from mac millers face being extremely bothering he sends a great message to us all "smoking weed getting head" genius. 


Michigan/Ohio St
I think you have to kick the XP &amp; go to OT. 
Plus if he misses, it's the kicker's fault &amp; not the Coach's you lost



Can't wait to get to school! Haven't seen any slags all weekend, neither have I had to suffer chemistry! I'm feeling empty inside! 


These road conditions are amazing right now 


It's the liberal media thats gotten to me and screws up my thoughts in the public school system. 


This fashion show is making me feel great about myself  


I love waking up to hear we got Bayern Munich   


 Fact is too often the media creates their opinion on an issue, then works backward on making the story fit it.NAW 


  Aww, has Friar and Kauto gone so soon? Shame... 


What freaks we all must be for wanting to build the cradle we put our dolls in.  So much weight in the word "just."


I think what's really about to happen here is HHH challenging Orton to a match at WM XXX. 

 


 Bendtner vs. Ronaldo is what I'm waiting for! Park can do battle with Pepe though lol 


Quick everyone follow  he has tweeted 1000 times, only has 11 followers, &amp; has a Republican agenda to get out.  


  Treats his daughter like a piece of meat which could become a liability. Nice father, great PM. 


Well at least the page is gone before that drama got outta hand. Lol 


Sat in my kitchen on my own with a cup of coffee thinking about how sad I feel! What a grate way to start 2014 


Cause hurling abuse at me will solve eeeeeeverything 


I love it how my parents don't even acknowledge me moving to Nashville as a possibility for my future. 


No that's not uncomfortable at all!  Lying down with your two legs resting on my rib cage, lol...    


Nothin' like an early morning Monday meeting to start the week off right.    


My life with a laptop is utterly fan-fucking-tastic!    


Happy War On Christmas from the White House.   a good thing I didn't bring home any of the homework I have to get done this weekend. 


Western Legal Tradition is the best class ever! Such a good way to spend my time -.- 


Damn i didnt know biology and geometry taught me how to pay bills and survive in life 


That's cool. Not like we had anniversary plans anyway.   


It would be a real shame if Dixie's mic cut out  


Why I never post anything in  notice boards  sad story  can dish it out but I don't always like it... 


My family's the best, they leave me home alone..... Yea... I tried. Lol 


Getting up for work tomorrow and I get to sleep in a recliner, in the living room...  


 Johnny Manziel wouldnt have thrown that pick 


Portman road is going to be fun in this weather today!!   


Oh awesome!.. It's going to be sunny this weekend     really glad I slept all night long with out tossing and turning all night...   


 you look like even more of a pussy with your new picture. I bet that wig gets you all kinds of chicks  


  Yawney to BB "Wil you teach me the meaning of offensive hockey please?" 


6 hour drive to MN after the varsity girls game today.  


 he didn't talk enough in that Sportscenter interview. Clearly not alpha. Trade him. 


This just in. "Trudeau wants to sell drugs to your kids and let child rapists run wild in the streets."  CPC spin team.    


Only 3 hours of sleep. I'm just so excited for late nights and work! 


 a creep? On  date? NOOOOO!    


I'm so glad some suit in a cubical knows better than my DOCTOR about what medication I can and can't take successfully. 


Oh that darn SOCIALIST Obama Economy Dow CLOSES OVER 16,000!  needs to be TRIED 4 TYRANNY! 


Sleeping on the floor for the next 4 days cus my spine looks like a pretzel   


I'm over joyed at the thought that the x-craptor will be on TV for another 3 years. 


Can't wait to get a shot that makes me faint  


Oh look, it's awful out there, what a surprise...


Woke up thinking yesterdays  game was just a bad dream..  Unfortunately doug baldwins fore arm is still hard as concrete.. 


Ready for family visiting     else love how it snows when we don't have school? 


askin all dem questions y u askin all dem questions 


 I couldn't tell from how much you were tweeting about it thanks for clearing that up;) lol 


Those who restrict themselves to listening to one genre of music to look loyal to the genre must be incredibly fun people. :) :) 


 welcome to the family of unhappy  users this AM.   


Nothing like an early Sat a.m. trip to the Dr's 4  &amp;  2 really liven up one's morn.  


I love manually re-writing all the code from a system that's meant to make things "easier". 


Phillip Rivers good luck getup. If it works I might steal that look.      I didn't sleep all night -__-  no really I didn't sleep at all tonight ;-;


I'm the quintessential  fanboy.  and wow this hat is dirty. Just like my love for  lol  good it's rainy and windy again. More storms causing trees down and flooding is just what this country needs 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                


Love it when the saints turn up for a high class game  


I'm very glad my best friend  knows how to use her iPhone correctly.  


  ISI would not hit on one their own :) 


While shopping for things other people probably won't like this year remember to get yourself something. 


 nice to get a compliment from from you for a change. 


Live music in a coffee shop during Finals Week  


Let's remove more trees. We can still slightly see.    


What to make for dinner  Soooo many choices 


 its great to see you judge people off the little things. (Madea voice) 


  fredericks is quality future england. Oh and he is really really slow... slower than kyle... 


Channeling my inner Butch Davis, take away that pesky 31 point 2nd quarter &amp;  win 20-10 


 Best. Idea. Ever.  (rather have exhibit of movie costumes and props)


 you're so pretty today.    hashtags are fun yo


" I swear I see some of THE CLASSIEST people in shepherd.   


 
-looks at your gallery-
really? i didn't notice.



I understand. You don't teach your kids about Jesus because its superstition. But I love the Santa shirts you got them.  


 isnt dead....he just faked his own death so he could retire.  Some people need to take off their tinfoil hats,jeesh!


 can't beat a competitive 3 runner novice hurdle 


   But climate change doesn't exist... 


 Just wondering if the 44% are the  who still approve of  governance? 


  I bet they'll be extremely willing to help out through great cust. service and efficient work habits too. 


 you sure are good at this sarcasm thing 


This too can be fixed by going green  Return of Arctic ice cap as it grows by 29%  via 


 Those windows are so offensive. What was he thinking!!!!!  The property values on Monument Ave will plummet


Will the alleged  robots be as effective as    I knew how to play this game, so much fun 


Ironically I have not seen one person use any of the 7 pay phones here at LaGuardia.   really know how to make me feel special on my birthday 


What an exciting introduction to this movie.     I should have added two hashtags then...   &amp; 


 u didnt know?We r all ITK w media credentials and direct line sources to the owners wallet!    


Guess we better ban trains and cars now. Wait, just assau... I mean sports cars.  


 Nice of the Indy fans to applaud Flowers getting up and walking off the the locker room.  


 yea yo! Everytime i'll be with the two of you, i'll feel VERY safe  haha


Well that conversation lasted long... what else is new. 


My little brother LOVES to take pictures with me...*Notice the  *  Planes and now to complete the series, Disney/Pixar's Trains    


I just washed my hair and ran out the door - it is now raining     


It's the 70s show. Coming to you live from   [Flickr]  wonder if les Snead is still on the hot seat with his picks? 


My New Year's Eve consists of sitting in a hotel room most likely. Sleeping maybe? Ya...that sounds good... 


"Aw your showing" 
oh really, I didn't know since I'm only 6 months



Floor hockey= worst decision. Thanks for the back check into the cement wall buddy. I feel like a hundred bucks now 


 but honestly. So original getting engaged during the Christmas season.  it's cool you're better than them anyways ;)


Telling me that my  is bitter is like informing me that my cheese sandwich has cheese in it.


4 weeks and counting!      


Now i have a cup of coffee.So"Hello my dear homework,i so miss ya" yeah! i must to do all this subject. Of course,im a Harry Potter.


Don't you love when an amazing game - after 10+ hours - boils down to a frustratingly stupid final fight?  


The guy on the front page of the paper seems legit  


 A chocolate frosty &amp; despicable me 2 with my best friends  thanks for bringing us frosty's!    


I never even gave it a thought to unfollow you, but you're right, you are the bigger person. 


To the stampeed of people that just ran across 3rd floor of Lombard, thank you SO much for making it impossible for me to sleep! 


 But, but, minority governments never get anything DONE!  


Walking home while sleet is coming down is fun 


Oh. Yeah. Gee thanks. I really appreciated you not responding. 


 I think the slump is whenever he doesn't score/assist. Since that obviously means he isn't contributing. 


US teen students lagging *below average* in international tests. We should cut more education funds    guys, it's really fun to go wreck in the ditch! Wanna go?    


The one place I want to be on thanksgiving shopping... Wal-Mart...   


When Mikhail's snowed in, Mikhail punches roommates. When Mikhail punches roommates, Mikhail goes to bed early.  


"I'm going to burn down buffalo exchange and watch them freak out"  w/   


I just spilt a bottle of strawberry water on myself. Just great.  


Elsa...we need to have a talk. Exams now two days in a row! Whoo who!     some cool stuff today. This might be the best one. My wife gets me.   fun working around a 14 hour time difference between here and where my friend is in Emerald, Australia.   


 But but but... the system has to protect the dear innocent rich... the poor are just there to work for them. 


So glad I'm working and not hunting the opener of second season. 


 ;oboy una dey play ball oh.....UP MUFC....looool.....


ART!  MT  Taking someone else's photo &amp; running it thru a phone app filter doesn't make it "your" photo.


Oh, you have so much practicing to do? Please continue to make statuses about it! Nobody else has ever worked as hard as you do! 


Oh good morning to you too Albert. Nice to see you at my house at 9am. 


 I engage in  (a grand Texas tradition passed on from generation to generation:) and I have an Uncle Bubba 


No big deal  Everyone is pretty big on waiting two hours at the exchange counter this time of year  


I'm glad my parents know how to tip other servers 


Wait it's New Year's Eve? I had no fucking idea. Thanks twitter 


I hate when people don't understand my sarcasm. They ruin everything.  


I love it when mom vacuums in the morning when I'm sleeping! 


Of course she was my best friend..  RT   You were so nice to her. 


No more tweets today. I'm busy figuring out formula for fair value for  Now where's my pixie dust and eye of newt? $BCOIN 


Thank you COD ghost for taking my boyfriend away from me... 


Ready to hear how the Heat are the greatest thing ever on espn for the next month because they beat the Blazers by 1 point. 


In case no one has mentioned it already, this  jerseys are awful! 


Yay snow is falling on websites again! It's not cheesy at all and I love the effect... 


  you missed the  tag!  I wonder how many prowl have forked out that much for it on Vita.  Gip!


330-12 tomorrow, alone as soon as I start   


Nothing on tv just a great way to end my shitty night  


  Hooper wasnt happy you rolled him haha Barnes loves  


Well im up early on this lovely Saturday morning 


All of my emails with attachments keep bouncing back... just great   


I just love spending all day in the apartment by myself.  


Finally getting my replacement license. I definitely miss the DMV. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I love it when you have to watch a commercial on  in order to watch a commercial you saw on TV 


Lazy-ass New Yorkers.    
 I'm sure it was the fault of the gun and not the person holding the gun. 


 soccer! You count the wrong way for 90 minutes and most times end in 0-0 ties.  


Nothing like changing the oil in 30' weather.        stressed out to the verge of tears just by thinking is the best!   


One second! Israel treats Hamas leaders granddaughter?! Yup, sounds like racist Zionism to me!  


 Who needs Athletic Trainers anyway??     Thank you USA  ......   
The poor square cant get a break 


S/O to whoever my neighbor is for attempting to sing Adele and waking me up at 9 am when I just went to sleep.   


 There's that much vaunted transparency again...    


Great piece about emergency services overdoing it with sirens and flashing lights:      


Thank you for telling me when I need my space because you obviously know me better than I know myself. 


I'll be sure to be thankful for only having one bathroom tomorrow   


A time to celebrate the biggest disagreement over a dinner bill / tab ever...    


Seriously can't wait for Notre Dame to play Florida State next year.    


My dad took the truck so I'm stuck with my moms Buick.  


So glad I got up early to watch the last hour of play  


Paris Hilton is coming to Calgary everyone.  Hurray!  


Seriously, just call me Cinderella.      


Oh, please do take my kindness as flirting. Thats exactly what I intended. 


 Auburn would score on every play vs OSU...Malzahn anyone? Oh come on, Fickel would totally figure Aub out 


Now its time to continue my depressing paper on genocide..joy to the world! 


 Don't you just love when people read your message and don't reply&gt;&gt; 


End of episode dinner party drama? I'm shocked, Bravo. Truly.   


Introducing my parents to  while eating dinner. Because that's a good idea. 


Thrashing  with my amazing skills at  


Yes, but he's a RINO.  RT  McConnell: Obamacare 'beyond repair'  


Guys did you know that clouds hold rain? I had no idea.   


Love it when I come in to the flat at this time to go back to bed and my blankets been taken 


 So how much do you normally pay people to train your staff? How much recompense can I expect?  


"  man, look at all this global warming... 


pinquotes         1-5 record on thanksgiving makes me feel good 


0830 off Barry Island late as usual.  Great start to a great day 


35 pouring down rain &amp; I'm getting ready for work. It's going to be a lovely day. 


 oh Thomas I can always count on you to make things better. You sweet talker you! 


Well at least I have this going for me...   


Thanks to  I don't have to worry about watching that hockey game I'm recording today.   


Yay! New version of [your favorite OS] is out! New batch of broken things to fix!  


Seriously the scariest moment of my night    i'm hungry and I put food in the oven it's like time slows down just for me.    


Another injury for Green Bay...say it isn't so!!   :/


 I'm confused. A professional what? Lush? That I'd believe. ;-)  


it cant be that hard to score for an elite qb like flacc.     


Awe,   will never "defend"  again... What oh, what will we do without the    


What can I say, we're just an attractive band    just love when mother sends me and  to walmart with a whole list of crap. 


Thank you kent state for making sure the sidewalks are salted and cleared.  


So apparently my mum has bought us all hideous Christmas jumpers for Christmas Day   


New  :           by bruins888  is on my phone's library but Christmas is not.     


Nick Marshall should have been a lit teacher  


Its hilarious how bad shit piles up in 24 hours if I don't do it.. 


Oh man my outfit matches so well today   


Michigan coming out for 2nd Half with " We Want Bama "jerseys on 


What Minnesotans do for fun when it's -35 below zero        only thing about it is I live in Parkersburg ya know how big the club scene is here??   lol


 hurray affirmative action!  Whatever happens, don't find a funny Native American. Heaven forbid they be represented.


  I don't even like lacrosse  Definitely 110% sincere


Sleep? Naaah. Who needs it?         Java class files into package name-spaces. Usually a good idea, coding-wise. 


Love how up to date my school is with their tweets 


Wow, nice attempt to get to that rebound Vinny.  


I love when people hang up on me it's shows how cute they really are hahaha 


Lost to the shitrag  and Yogi fucking Berra in our own rink.   


We going to blame Reimer for that goal too? We all know its all his fault.   


The  and  just showed how boring 3 on 3 in OT is.  


Thank you, ohio state, for making sure oklahoma plays bama in a bowl game.. Thank you.. 


the pickup lines girls say to guys is really impressive sometimes...  


Another penalty that leads to a goal by the so-called "captain" of the TML. Definitely deserves a 7 year, $49 million contract... 


Haven't seen  in weeks so that's great.......  


Thank you parents for answering your phone since I'm in trouble and don't know what to do 


 Why did Ohio St remove all of the  jerseys when they suspended  I thought they were arbitrary numbers! 


No Khabibulin?   MT  Here's the Team Russia roster for the Sochi Games  Cubs are having a huge offseason! Kottaros who hit below the Mendoza line and Wesley Wright is clearly the best reliever 


 you caught me. I'm all about the sorority life 


 Really happy that you showed Tori my karaoke video. Thanks 


Work is super packed, even when it's snowing.   Sanmar  Nazem Kadri had a bad change? No way, he's too disciplined as player. 


 apparently there is something called  on here. Not sure you'll find it interesting 


The note my sweet little bro left me    When I'm bored nobody will text me back, but when I'm busy my phone won't stop going off."  


I get to wear a skirt to work......YAY me!  I'm gonna freeze my ass off


You know, I just LOVE the heat I get sometimes for apparently being "too lazy" to fix a situation that I have ZERO control over. 


Whats there to do tonight? Ratchet vibes only... Stay yo good girl ass home. Haaaaa 


Bro, those custom rims and exhaust look awesome on your 90's Camry 


Can't wait for it to snow and I have to walk around campus to get to my classes  


  What's the big deal? He's always doing selfie's &amp; Mrs. O always has that look unless she's shopping 


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                   


  What a great idea to play a game in Mexico City! 


Ok everyone don't give me a shoutout all at once ;)


Title winner from my improv solo last year with lots of turns, tilts, and leaps   makes me really wanna get out of bed early and take on the world like freezing cold, windy weather 


Wow. That's just so cool. I'm so glad you did that. How sweet:):):):):):):):) 


didn't have space for the  on that last tweet, didn't think it was really necessary either


Ph.Ds don't learn how to teach?  -  We Must Prepare Ph.D. Students for the Complicated Art of Teaching:  like watching PGA golf in Hawaii to make me love Kansas weather even more  


 yeah bc getting a twitter notification from you just makes my day hey 


Your kid is sitting there screaming and you're Facebooking pictures of her in pain.. bravo, keep up the good parenting  


yes please kill yourselves by drag racing... that's an awesome way to die right?   


Looking forward to Jose punishing Oscar for diving as he is totally against cheating  


   yeah! Because who needs flood protection anyway??!!  


   True just though i'd throw it out there haha. 


Yes spending the weekend all alone it just what I wanted. Oh well fuck it   


Holy Christ. I don't think there's enough radio stations playing wrecking facking ball right now 


 I was gonna use it in Moshi Monsters, of course! 


 Then I submit that the picture is wrong The LAST guy in line is supposed to be black [lead from behind] 


Being at school for 14 hours and missing the Blues game was exactly how I wanted to spend my day.   


Wow. I can't wait to see all the 'predictions for 2014' posts. Excited to hear the experts tell me the future. 


Screwing with my computer. Inserting my software into its hardware. So kinky. 


Lil Wayne has 4 kids and 4 baby mamas.....well now that's a shock 


wow  thats Fantastic,   totes has been the best service in the world  


Hey  could you possibly run a few more Martin and Incognito stories? I'm not sick of this story at all. Please, tell me more! 


Can we get another tub of ranch please?      Wings 'N More  work George Zimmerman. Now we can continue to hear about how innocent you are for just a little longer. 


Be careful  - your extreme left wing bias is showing. 


Wallmart wont be busy on Christmas Eve right? Lol   


Parties, Sleepovers, Movies... My weekend was epic! 


 yea...Hell I was Even my dad was like "fuk that I was asleep"I was just enjoying the confidence and positive thoughts  


Oh the next 6 weeks is going to be more fun than I think I can stand.  


 Thanks for letting us know, have been wondering why I was having problems in digesting my breakfast. 


I love how Shelby comes over and goes straight to  room. Lol  


 Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other :)


 Sources told me Mack Brown is going to be the OC for the Texans 


mother nature has impeccable timing as always   


Asshole  makes a NEGATIVE impact on peoples lives.  They want to make themselves better, but fail . 


Ha! iMessage is so great.Especially when you can see when they read your messages then never reply.Real cool. Thanks..Again.   


If you could design a type of day to create enthusiasm for going back to work it would be this one    


What kind of world do we live in when Casey's is out of BBQ pizza topping?  


I love the ones who stay in my life &amp; make me happier. I thank the ones who left my life &amp; made me stronger
   


BEST MUSIC VIDEO EVER! Riding one of those kid rides outside Kmart with a topless Kim Kardashian. U go Kanye! 


  ya oilers are gonna win the cup real soon. 


I love waiting at the Social Security Office to get a replacement card!!!   quote in the history of mankind and dinosaurs-unkind: ".  


 I wonder where Macklemore stands politically...  dude's about as  as  


Wohoooo in parsons what a great feeling to be back 


Possibly the most fun morning of my adult life. 


 and you have another tomorrow!!   


 I hope you recognize the immense  in these tweets. :O


Be honest with me. That's all I ask for.  


 But,  but white men have it hard. It's tough out there. People discriminate against them because they are white and male. 


I love going to work at 3 a.m. in the morning no snow plows! 


Nothing like the feeling of good ole rejection :)   


Hmmm Colorado puts in new gun laws and there's still more school shootings...  


Okay, so since in America Arabs are classified as white then I guess Jesus really was white, just not blond &amp; blue-eyed. No? 


Assist a loss RT  Assisting.... " Ozil where are thou? 


Nice personal, non-generic response from    Yeah I'm pretty committed to it...especially during the holiday season. Thanks for noticing 


Good thing we got rid of Rob Ryan because he was the problem. 


Whe I know a particular revision is going to be insanely hard, I like to write "EASY!" next to it on my list. 


I'm glad everybody in the town of Victoria knows about geocaching..   


Thank you for taking your face out of your iPhone   who finally looked like a Sindhi Today!  

 pehley baad mein   so tht a woman who gets pregnant from being raped doesn't have a choice of what to do with her own body. 


       United!  from a City fan!!


Damn. Didn't see that coming. Congrats Sonisphere, you pulled one out of the bag there. 


I'd like to thank all of my friends who were so eager to watch Catching Fire with me :))) 


I'm so glad the  gym in Bay Shore keeps saying the pool it's advertised for 2 years will open "soon" 


If you like your coach, you can keep your coach.  


The CEO of Coin (a promising new credit card replacement) is on  right now. He's the epitome of a charismatic leader. 


  That's his greatest hope since  is an  waiting to be 


Thinking of changing my twitter name to "queen b" like every other person on earth who's name starts with a "b" haha 


     check the thread Sadly, more like 


so you mean to tell me OTHER teams besides the  also lose games that would put them in the playoffs?? NO WAY?!?!  


Biology tests hate me and someone started pulling out as I'm going 50mph down my road. Good thing I have a tiny car.  


  ah down to 91/1 now, hardly worth it 


 maybe they have to retire Nick Anderson's first.  


I was planning your demise but it seems like you've got that covered on your own.      


Thanks I 65 north. I really do enjoy driving 15-30 mph on a packed road. 


Pelelgrini says he won't loan Joleon Lescott to anyone except a title rival.... 


 Hey, I've made not much money at all from my writing, so watch your assumptions. 


Mom: Was that lightning? Me: No, it's google earth... Taking a photo!  


Carolina struggled with a team that ran 85% of the time with a 3rd string quarterback...  


Hey LA pals! Hope you're liking your 83 degree weather!  


"Importance of food as key provider of vitamins and nutrients." Oh really?? Didn't know food could do that   love how I live 10 miles away from Lowell. It's fucking great!  


Going to have a blast at the casino... By myself. 


 it's absurd how much detail is in this movie. 


Worked so hard on this Spanish holiday bag   With women and gays now on the front lines I feel so much safer. Don't you? 

 


When I was a kid, I used to close the fridge door slowly just to see when the light turned off. 


Oh good the whole interface is different. I LOVE CHANGE. 


 NHL goal: "Hack away it. It counts." Such a skillful game  You're right - no skill here at all  drunken stupor. Crack. And now (alleged) prostitutes, drunk driving &amp; cocaine use. Ahhhh, that's our Mayor - stay classy  ! 


 Of course. Because the fact that the government spies far and above what it did in the past is acceptable, cause 


you couldn't be any more talkative if you tried 


Sitting next to the guy that chews his gum loudly during the final is definitely the best way to stay focused throughout the test 


And let the alcohol tweets and pics come on.


Haha just remembered that  's 2 fave players scored for United last night  


If it weren't for twitter I probably wouldn't have known it was snowing. 


You can make a 35 on your ACT, but you cant answer my phone calls? thanks robert.   


Aaaw... the feeling of being ignored is the best feeling. 


  if you drink too much water you will explode. I recommend not drinking water ever again. 


I'm just so thrilled to be here on a Monday, really.. 


Sometimes I sing so well, everybody around me starts crying. 


Once again you show me you're a great friend 


Difficult to pick man of the match from that disaster, but probably Joubert for his outstanding contribution to the game.  


 so you need to join The Sheild...add some awesomeness to that group    


Boy, besides the takeaways, Green Bay's defense is looking really good.  


Thinking about live tweeting the ride to Mobile tomorrow.  Pine trees, flatness and rain for HOURS on I-10WB. 


What if  hits a Century! And help everyone in legalizing betting  


I am so excited to perform tomorrow!!!  wahahahahahaha


At least I know if I really needed them my friends would be there... 


People who say the poor should pay more taxes forget that they have no $$$ because they spend it all on federally funded lotteries 


 , I am loving you more and more day by day !! 



Hey has everybody noticed that during tonight's game between Arsenal and Chelsea that the grass grew 0.3mm!!! 


Will  follow the lead of Starkville BOA and ban cell phones from meetings? 


 Yeah, now they're back to being all cute and cuddly! 


So proud of the [probably] 5 month pregnant woman for buying Nicoderm CQ to quit smoking.. 


Love what you did there  ! "May cause SLIGHT stinging"     Schaub should be the starting qb next year  


 Thanks for ensuring another cup drought for next 7 years!! Oh and it's a steal at $49 million!  


I love being home with the rest of my family during the day 


Twitter use by people around my age and above is so noticeably different then people at least 2-3 years younger.  


 worst incident reporting ever. Good Job!! 


So excited to be starting back up at MPI again tomorrow     


Glad this band is holding their own. Those teeth guys were a tough act to follow.  


You got to love those hour drives between jobs  


Need to head out later, but really afraid the streets will be over run with Romanian and Bulgarian beggars   


 Hahaha thank you soo much!! And its because im soo famous!! 


And just like that, the roommates are back. Yay. 


Great news: school is being inspected next week. 


 Glad to know I've been replaced in almost everything  


Its friday, Friday.  
Gotta get down on Friday. 



So jihadis from 50+ countries are getting slaughtered by islamists in  these days?!... We should thank them a lot.
 


There are two Kinds of People :- 
 
 1. Who know sarcasm and appreciate it 
 2. Idiots -.-



just ending my day listening to "sunday" because I like to cry at work. 


Yes, the US is absolutely comparable to a small island country with a culturally and racially homogeneous population. 


 Because the prince would be emasculated and how would young girls learn their place? ;) 


Ah shoveling snow was the one thing I wanted to do off from school 


 Why not?! Your American football and baseball teams become world champions and don't let anyone else play! 


Brr sounds freezing!  RT  Morning! CHILLY start with some areas waking up to the 40s this morning. BUNDLE UP!


 My nights gonna be so fun. babysitting like 20 kids.  


 RT  Vsco sudah masuk ke android, tinggal nunggu vsco for blackberry


Starting Jordan Reed really worked out well for me. 


 thanks for tagging me in the picture of the present I got you. 


I love it when stuff is blatantly rubbed in my face. 


No running AND no cross training really go well with Thanksgiving   


 So  can be brainwashed by the illuminati? &lt;i&gt;How thoughtful!&lt;/i&gt; 


I love the fact that my neighbor is a fuckin cop to lolol     


Photo:          is so exciting I can't even keep track of what all I could do.  


Yes neighbor. The whole building loves to hear your buzzing cellphone alarm on a hard surface for 10 full minutes. Thanks. 


I can't access my UCAS login details...Its like universe is trying to tell me somenthing.. I just dont.know.what. 


 lol we all know me, miss positive here.  


Hand clap for the officials tonight, terrific job Joey!   


Well, now I can cross "watch a movie in the front row of the theater" off my bucket list.   


  
Well Yea!! We Evil White People shouldn't defend ourselves against those poor,defenseless, enslaved youth!!



my night just keeps getting better and better.. 

 


The movie "the book thief" was so worth the extra credit points..... 


Today has just been the best ever  it's about to get a whole lot better when I get off work tonight tho. 


  Lincoln exploded?!?  Wow...didn't see that coming! 


The last dentist apointment :'( im gonna miss this! 


So happy i get to work 7 hour days everyday during our break! 


Casey helps me through my panic attacks    &gt;&gt;&gt; It has nothing to do with all the hard work, professionalism, education and family  


Well work was fun for an hour... Thanks rain for cutting my paycheck short, good looks my dude 


Oh the joys of cleaning before a family function! Exactly what I want to be doing today! 


So the NHS Dental Clinic on St James Street is becoming a William Hill. Just what the area needs!   


My dad and his road rage. Just said "what are you doing goofball?" To the car in front of us...  


  Mayweather is evading Pacquiao, while Pacquiao is evading taxes daw, so Taxes win! 


Very happy George Zimmerman is back in the news 


" Yeah... Really close call   Example A why refs can't be trusted to make correct calls.


 a good manager: Not knowing where your 30k cars are 


Gymnastics meet tomorrow.. Ohh greaattt. So ready!  


.  Neither are we. Back when gay marriage was illegal everywhere we had slavery! We're slipping! 


Best Song Ever is on the radio and my mom put up the volume when I told her to put the volume down. Thanks mom. 


At least TCF has some great parking options for people who don't have season passes...  


Got an english exam to day 2 hour yay  


What's everyone doing right now?? I get to shop!! 


Can't wait to call my mom and tell her I fucked up tomorrow. 


Not jealous of  flying to NYC this morning one bit 


Isnt is just hilarious when people tweet about the celebrity guests being voted off EVERY week.  


Sooo I think I'm lactose intolerant. Awesome.   


 I'm bragging about all of the fun places my sister and mother take me!  


That moment when chess has more viewers thn cod good job    didn't expect such intelligent analysis from  




Wow things really looking up for the Ms next year   


Present day "Team Phil Robertson" is just the offspring of 1950's "Team Jim Crow Laws." It's not intolerance if they are Southern! 


Its 11 PM and  and I are still awake. Better watch out, tomorrow we may be up until 11:30PM.  


i may not b a  but i do kno a jack of every trade  


This week just keeps getting better and better. So happy rn 


" I agree with half of what you said. How dare you call him annoying?   LOL!!


sure, let's change the entire presentation structure last minute, no problem at all, makes thing much easier 


 ok lol was like wtf where's the joke at the end lol  sucks on here- I'm awful at it/y everyone hates me haha 


Yay, homework is going to make my day again 


What if it's true?.. Would we do something about it or just let it be... 


i love scrubbing every inch of my dorm  at least it is clean now


Going into work an hour earlier tomorrow to clean..can't wait. 


It's good to see Bellator giving fighters like Marcus Galvao quality fights in between tournaments against guys on the same level. 


More screen shots of your weather app please. Mine seems to be malfunctioning. 


 oh but those rare moments when you can actually go 60 mph are worth every dollar! 


Yeah mom sweet choice taking off of work and sweeping the house! 


As if  has any chance of winning this.  They must think we're stupid.  


Oh shit just missed  with Christine Bleakley 


Meulensteen replaces sacked Jol   and 


Thanks IRD, I do want constant reminders of how much SL I owe you. It makes me happy on the inside. 


 How is this not the greatest idea ever?   


Saw this "monster" at jack in Lancaster       This is the trick shot passer on you tube! Should we name him "Passalicious"?? 


Im SOOOOO excited to learn about depression and suicide and mental health and basically just about me in psychology next term 


 maybe if Oregon didn't have so few bandwagon fans, I wouldn't take so many shots at them. 


Wow... My brother and dad just called me ugly  family love   


You really have to appreciate low scoring bowl games- only 69 points??
  


Love it when your day goes according to plan!! 


wow ok guess ill never find a gf lol ig Ij be lonely forever haha 


Yay doctors appointment for jasmine im so looking forward to them prodding my face 


 I can't wait to start applying!!  


Well look on the bright side, us freshman only have to take finals 7 more times! 

Ugh. -_-


Great price boost on AC to win 3-0          is actually now dating  after leaving  I'm not jealous at all!!!   


I wonder if santas already filling our stockings and that's what we hear running around    


 Bee tee dubs, thank so much for getting me hooked on that Christina Perri song. 


 So glad I decided to watch at home in Iowa instead of getting wet in Tampa.  


The person hiring all these teachers at Whitney is doing a fantastic job  


I wonder if I can get a govt grant to study why people throw their Beer and soda cans in my front ditch? $2 Mil ought to do it.




Giving out Gift Cards isn't Buying Votes, it's Saving Votes... There's a Big Difference!   


 How dare you have a different opinion than me?! 


Ya cause u really need to spend more time on your knees....   


Yesterday saw  Karyakartas celebrating for BJP's success in the 4 states.What a spirit ;-) 


 you are lying... Jose said Chelsea has no divers 


I just love guest and their issues they seems to occur. 


So much fun waking up for work...  but I am blesses though


Yay! My nose is burning :) I am so happy right now 


When people ask you to do something then blow you off. That's the shit I like. 


  you mean that's not the real guy? Damn.   He's funny as hell.  You don't heff to worry about it.


 The news for tomorrow morning keeps getting better and better.  Thanks for the updates! Much appreciated! 


 Career Day?!? Why hasn't anyone mentioned this? We're having Career Day?  


Foul called for practically retrieving a rebound, not making contact with anyone. Completely understandable. 


James Blunt Teases His  Haters            Another enthralling half of  football.. I love paying money to watch them field a high school offense!   


Gasp!! Darren said "me &amp; one of my favorite people" does that mean it's not really him tweeting and it PR? 


 I know you were kidding, I was continuing the joke.  I'll use  next time :)


that's your opinion. you should lead with that instead of "...genius  RT  I font think your point is valid.


Wait, why didn't anyone tell me it was so cold out today?? I had no idea!!  


This small ass town has so much to see.....     the time change in Toronto effected  first quarter!  They look better since. Lil fight in them!


Even in her absence you can see Salman passing sarcastic jokes on shilpa, no doubt he kicked her out  


Please call me a bitch one more time. Because that's so respectful to a girl. 


Re  updates, which have made it impossible for your strikers to score goals, and your defenders to defend.  


This lasted 15 minutes before she woke up screaming..... Yay for 15 minute naps.    it when you wake up early...unintentionally  


Thanks for the text message saying we didn't have practice-.- 


Freezing rain and snow by the time I gotta get up for work tomorrow. How nice 


I love seeing everyone on my TL tweeting the obvious.



Wow. Another full house in Phoenix for the Coyotes game tonight.  Sad to see. Hard to even get a ticket here.


I just love how I'm not even important to you. 


But getting rid of Hollins was still the right move right??LOL   


I love it when people talk about themselves in the 3rd person. 


 Because there is no more important lesson to teach young people than slut-shaming.  Abstinence only, folks! 


Thanks so much for calling back like you said you would 


A selfie of you blowing smoke out of your mouth. How attractive.   


That picture wasnt for attention or anything. 


 The defense in this SEC game is awesome  LOL.


Love bein spoken 2 like I'm a cunt    


Joel Osteen on tv at the gym this morning, new PR's in every lift. Coincidence? I think not!  


Yeah I need to borrow your chapstick, my vagina lips are dry.   


Speech night tonight gonna be so much fun...  dude don't you know.. if you go sober that means your a REAL raver 


When people say "fall and winter" 
Bitch
It's the same thing 
  


First tweet of 2014... There is no lip syncing in the Rose Parade haha... Bullshit!!     


" My favorite part of the competition is when all the girls are doing make up and I got nothing to do 


 who cares I want more coverage of the   and Romo 


Wow.. always thought cbt stood off cognitive behavioral therapy... not `cape breton thug'  


Its a good thing Wiley Plus is always working when I want to do my quizzes  


  ah, the historic metrics that were relevant before we solved our problems with money creation 


 you know, because open challenges NEVER happen..must be copying! 


 This rapid response unit seems to b the answer we have been waiting for    


Schlooooonnngg day... Only another 4hrs to go  


"Me: Can I go to the bathroom?, Teacher: What for? Me: TO OPEN THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS, What do you fucking think for."
  


Well isn't this just a great birthday weekend. 


  your comment did not seem racist at all 


Liverpool. Undefeated in the Champions League for over three years. 

  


 I believe I just saw Nick Young's first career assist.   love 


 woof... is this real? I'm super impressed with her 560 instagram followers...  


What better thing to do at 5 am than watch jumanji  


I am so happy to have a friend like Desiree. She's so caring, she'll flood you.     cant wait to see my relatives and spend the best christmas day evah !!1!!! 


How 'bout all those "Thankful" posts on Facebook.  Isn't it neat to know what someone's thankful for EVERY DAY OF THE MONTH?!  


According to SEC fan logic, the ACC is the best conference now. Congrats Virginia &amp; NC ST fans.  


math, spanish, &amp; global test today  can't wait, mad hyped!  


Wow. One Direction are oozing charisma aren't they? 


I'm sweating, my head feels like it's gonna explode, but I'm having a fantastic day.  


You know who real by how much money they got 


Thank you, ND for welcoming me home with such great weather! Much appreciated.  


Hooray! Twitter is reverting things to the illusion of before, and now they don't have to do anything real. Petition success!!!!! 


Traded my nail nit picking for snapping rubber bands.       lolz... You, how u take knw say na "Coloured Movie" 


Dear everyone on my Facebook saying its Christmas Eve.  Thanks for telling me since I obviously don't own a calendar 


Sandy and Jeff looked really thrilled to be introducing Granderson  


Because classy one liners make people fall on love all the time 


I would put  in my tweets when appropriate but let's face it, that would be most of them.


Oh, he was SUPER happy to see me!! Just peachy!        gettin Papped all Day FFS! Am only a "Fat Bum" 


And all of the sudden every girls' wcw has become Miley Cyrus...  true model you all have found.   


I work tomorrow AND Christmas morning....  


I wanted to sleep, but I guess a sneezing attack at 4 AM is cool too.  


Here come the highly anticipated uni combo tweets .... 


My favourite part of the school run is cleaning up the aftermath of getting sorted 


all 4 of us in a car for 3 hours always starts off just fantastic  duh


Oh this opening act is everything. One girl and her guitar.   


All drivers should know about these! Honestly,  its genius!     to a public school, oxford educated barrister. Exactly the right thing to cheer me up. 


Im so excited for more snow.    so much for marathon training. Im not gonna be prepared damnit.


Really shocked that USC didn't give Bronco a call about the head coaching job.   


Omg that's so cute that you and your bestfriend wear the same hat but in different colours 


 absolutely cracking, thought we batted with great passion and desire 


The correct answers to the English assignment continue to elude me. Oh joy.   


The weather is a sign of just how great my day is gonna be 


Goodness Florida its ALMOST cold enough to wear a jacket!  


I just remembered  has my AP textbook.   


the workers here at the bowling alley really seem to enjoy their job  


 Its going to be perfect you just wait! Sony is bringing the revolution in 1080p! 


 ah don't even! I'm so jealous. Its 34 degrees here..  


Spending thanksgiving by yourself is really great. 


 thank you so much Alec I try. I mean your tweets are so great too  


Have to be up for work in 5 hours and im still awake my lifes just great  shit im gonna be tired


Damn son, taco bell makes some tasty looking burritos.    Niall Quinn choose a Man City player as his man of the match? 


Wow I wonder how this can get any better :-) :-) :-) 


 Good to see they got the prayer speakers all installed. 


I'm so deeply sorry that I may have offended you by asking if you were drunk.  


I'm so glad  answers all my text I mean we're just best friends that's what should happen   


I love having back spasms in the middle of class 


You're the best at texting back   


I love this phone rule, it's pretty great. 


"i hope the jack ass who made the cartoon of the dean is pretty damn proud of himself now.  


people making money to play games. game companies happy for getting free advertisements from gameplay uploads. Gotta stop this now 


This  is real close at this point.  


I am an awesome dance teacher         so IG will transfer the officers to Likoni Msa as disciplinary action? 


Go to work for a couple hours, end up having to stay all afternoon...awesome! 


    can you NOT smell a hint of 


 Astaghar ...It was a bad try to play with  


 is probably the most redicilious train company ever. 35 euro extra for a ticket on the train.  


Was upset about paying $7.50 for parking tonight and then I got a $100 ticket for "incorrectly displaying" my receipt. Yay 


That awesome soreness you get the day after a wrestling tournament.  


 yeah cause its a phone and a watch. Great idea. 


Ooh ooh ooh. Merry Christmas to me... BELIEVE:The Justin Bieber movie comes out on Christmas Day 


Happy birthday to my curling camp partner in crime   I'm so glad she finally has something to celebrate!  


Thanks for the awesome dreams last night    


the best part of the grocery       thank you for this amazing video cherry! made my night  


in riveting tales of a reluctant adult: I have reached the bottom of the laundry bin! Go me, day made  


.   Awesome rebalancing advice for effective asset allocation! Follow hot money.  


 That's right, charging your car should be done behind closed doors, in the privacy of your own garage! 


I feel so cool tweeting from my computer...sup. 


Confession 6- cheerleading takes up most of my day. And I love it..so darn much..


Oh look, I even hear Doc Ock, Vulture and Scorpion will be in it too!!  


  If Flynn blows up I will blame both of you. 


busiest weekend of the year topped off with crammed Spanish revision, my fav  


I'm glad that I finally found out why  was so excited for the weekend.   


Absolutely love when the bus just doesn't show up. Really great. 


When I think thanksgiving, I think of Macklemore and Ryan Lewis.  


It is so great when   only talks about 2 games for a full hour.   


So never EVER sate your opinion unless you know everyone agrees, otherwise you are an attention white 


Ive never heard the Jayhawks referred to as the Gay hawks this is a travesty 


A line in the sand: So weird how  didn't acknowledge protests in Vancouver today, not that I heard.  So weird. 


Can't think of anything I would rather get my favorite young adult this  season  
Target   yeah, Alabam is definitely the best team in the country. 


When you're tweetless google some tweets or steal some. 



I love it when people ignore me but be on TL 


 I beg to disagree Have you never heard of  College group "The Society of Leec hes"? 


  getting a new stadium, why not  .... plenty of money to go around, right? 


 yes, Cong will certainly need lot of courage to name Rahul. 


S/O to  for not giving me Nate's number when I asked for it last night! You're well appreciated! 


The Anglo Saxon period is the most interesting topic ever! This test tomorrow is going to be so easy! I spy a 100!  


Yay so glad i get to drive home tomorrow havent been there for like 3 whole days! 


  Wiggins and Bridgewater save the day in 2014!  


How did I become such an expert at Starbound so fast? 


Drove to work with my gas cover open because it was frozen and wouldn't shut.  


you didn't post a pic of any Christmas gifts? musta been on the naughty list.  


 Boy these climate scientists will make anything up to prove a point. 


Now going to bed!!! It's 11:17pm and school in the morning! YAY!! 


4-7 inches of snow JUST in time for my second interview at U Penn...   Thanks.


So  went with a lousy movie about magic instead of showing the  game.    you Tia, Dad, Mom, and Adriano for making today the best day ever. 


Update: 100% on my first quiz so I mean maybe this was my calling 


 but, how can you have your political opinions, independent of Congress....Arey, you worked for Congi Pravada...LOL 


I'd like to see more players try to pump up the crowd. Is this a skill that could be evaluated at the combine? 


It's a good thing I chose such an "easy major" and I'm obviously just in school for my Mrs. degree.  


Library library library...I feel like I should be getting the Robbo a Christmas present at this rate  


Just rubbed the crap out of my nose totally forgetting about my piercing. cool  


I just wanna go sit by the fireplace with hot chocolate, and over-sized sweatshirt, and cuddle. 


 i wish you would stop forcing people to pick certain players and let us manage our own team  


  no he isn't. He is helping the poor to have money for free.  


Yay! Now we get playoffs that only has 4 teams and is decided by a small committee of people. That will cause WAY less controversy. 


How dare that Wes Anderson have a unique style!  


Damn the Bears are getting destroyed! Raise your hand if you have full confidence we can beat the eagles right now LOL!!! 


That was all Matt Cassel.. The placement and timing of that throw could not have been better. Patterson did the easy part... 


I love waking up to the rhythms of stomping on my ceiling. The guys who live above me are so thoughtful  


i just got a message saying "will you go out with me,cuz i like you abit" oh how romantic 


Wow women have come so far in America   


I love to see my lingo, concepts and all out quotes being used as your own... 


 Well non of us is jealous, not the slightest 


Spilling Starbucks in my lap just made my day 


Don't worry if you had a bad day,remember there are people who have their lover's name tattooed.


Wow, mom thanks it's great to know you believe in me.




Good to see Marlins giving aging veterans one more chance at a starting job. Bad for fans but good job! 


 yeah, cos every KR fan has a picture of Ben Cockayne and Nigel Clough on their wall!!  


When reading my past tweets I can't tell if I'm being sarcastic in some of them or not 


'Well if Spurs can lose 6-0 to City our result there wasn't so bad, hughton in'  


In the shittest mood ever, my nan is severely ill, couldn't revise all week and I've got a test today. Happy Friday! 


Had a fun time watching the ball drop..... With my dogs  


 Oh, but Steve, there is no evidence of God, there is evidence of evolution, so it can't be a religion.  


 I'm sorry - i ran out of characters for a giant  hash-tag.  It's a patently ridiculous idea. Should be shelved.


I should have never gone on to be an athlete at a university, that way I could have no loyalty and root for who I want to. 


 Are you telling me that 1080p 60FPS doesn't automatically mean AAA title?! 


I'm SO excited that I have to wake up before the crack of dawn tomorrow 


  hells yeah! good thing everyone riding subway in NYC is so clean and healthy.    


I just love to read everyone's opinion about 2013. 


I'm so happy I was matched against  for fantasy football this week, cause I would have won against ANYONE ELSE. 


This day has just been the most fabulous day of my life  


Every time I turn around I'm getting invited to go places!  


 SICK  looks like I'm bringing a winter coat for the sidelines


I love how all of my professors are cramming everything they possibly can into the last day of class before finals 


  yeah..saw that video..you were continuously pointing it out to him..at a times there were tears in ur eyes 


I just LOVE these mornings where I get to wake up and find out that I have to shovel snow.  


 thats not very culturally sensitive of you vic? im shocked, that's totally out of character of you 


Woke up feeling like someone bashed me in the head with a baseball bat... Today is just gonna be wonderful. I can feel it. 


Pitbulls new song is pretty good though to be fair.. hotel room service isn't it? 


Oh how I just love going to the mall by myself. 


You see what weed does for you kids it allows you to go out on Sundays and score touchdowns.   


These are my tweets. I would appreciate if you will stop questioning them.       


I can confirm I have been appointed manager of Fulham 


Know what is awesome? When  picks, chooses and edits what is heard from sources to fit their interests...  


He'll be all kinds of fun when homework o'clock rolls around.  


I am shocked that our metro media missed the forecast, &amp; sent everyone into sheer panic over what turned out to be nothing...again. 


Great, just what I really needed right now. You realize that was your own fault right? -_-'




I love when parents send in full size cakes that I have to cut and distribute with plastic utensils for birthdays!  


And for the second day in a row Tom Daley has made front pages again. One Tom Daley coming out bi?!? What a surprise. 


 yeh cause the GK u scored past was world class... 


Another very exciting day! Just like yesterday! 


Wondering if wife of MMS ever got a chance to speak 'Awwww'.



Yeah you're super cool disrespecting the teacher. You should definitely keep doing it.  


I was so fucked last night I thought toothpaste was space food   


I'd like to thank  for showing the unthinkable:  that women may buy cars without a man's permission   


I just want to tell some people here at work to stop being so fucking joyful everyday....  


 How many copies did you but?   


Nice joke about the women helping the men out in  Gary. Didn't see that coming. Keep up.  


I'm thoroughly enjoying all of the awful conversations I've been having the past two days. 


Good to be told not to question white supremacy and colonialism at least once a day. 


Isn't having no friends at school just love? I'm  being all  It's guide  note 


Wonderful 20mph drive through Rannoch last night      you can see, I am making tons of progress for the Studio Website   cab driver is so pro, he can watch a a TV show AND drive a cab at the same time.     adore when my boyfriend's header is some chick in a swimsuit... 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Saw a picture '100% horse meat in ALDI burgers' with Tesco value burgers in the background    mom, thanks for being the greatest support system in the world &lt;3  


So excited for the season finale of survivor tonight.....   


3 man rush, my favorite Def play.   literally never works


   Good to see Modano is worried about troublesome NHL issues. 


huge headache, my throat hurts &amp; it's freezing.. could my night be any more perfect?! 


Attempting to go to Kenwood Mall today... I'm sure all of the crazy crowds have died down by now... 


To the 15 year olds on Facebook bragging about getting drunk tonight, youre so cool! 


  Great, efficient NY Knicks basketball! 


I hit a raccoon this morning.   It didn't die right away. I cried.   


 quote of the day: "Do it again, make my day."   


Sometimes I wish I was an octopus so I could slap 8 people at once.



 Yeah, you're right, last night made it clear, I'd take Tristan Thompson over Lamarcus Aldridge too...hahaha. 


   I'm offended that I wasn't mentioned in this     


can't wait to hear everyone's favorite things about winter now!!!!!!! 


So glad I missed the bcs championship game because of a power outage.    Heard it was a sleeper anyway.  


Thank you Air Canada I wanted you to screw my family over and make me fly home alone to nobody.  


Please help me raise the $11 million the  need in order to re-sign Robinson Cano for the $200 million he so deserves. 


That's not being judgemental at all   


Looks like I'm flying southwest with Baylor's womens soccer team. I bet there Mens Bball team flys that way too.  


 

Proves nothing. Redskins defense sucks.  


  and the "science monkeys" still keep eating the cucumber  


 He could of been killed! -  erm anyone fancy reading this very impartial view of the derby?  


Hey,  delivery on the way--and only 16 hours late! Not bad! 


What  sex without procreation? That's a sin!   


when you cant take a joke, you become one..!!! 


This Just In: Browns Fans arrived early today for end zone seats to practice unfurling the banner with no mistakes. 


If there is one thing I love most, it is being ignored.  


Well, what an interesting morning.   


thank you for all the pain.. thank you for all the rain.. 


Thank you Pitt county sheriff department for raiding 30 stores to get rid of poker machines....I feel so much safer already. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


One day I hope to achieve the same level of happiness that this chick in Subway has. 


I just said "who is that tall drink of water" in my head.  


Judging from  twitter feed, Steve Stockman getting into the TX Senate race totally isn't a big deal at all. 


Yes Lucic, you're totally justified with your statement, cause the whole city of Vancouver is JUST like the guy who attacked you. 


Things I love about winter in Duluth: rage shoveling my car out of a snow drift while trying to get to work in a timely fashion. 


Love it when my tights sag for that awesome webbed crotch effect!  


My lips are soooo chapped :c they hurt  .
Thanks babe -_- 


I don't think this place could get any friendlier.  


 nah not at all  but you should really get that checked


 "I don't need your sarcasm right now. Excuse me."

FTW! OTL HAHAHA.




 stuck in car park in 6ft of non snow , freezing cold at plus 10 deg . Thats severe winter for you 


 i wasnt planned omg no way I'm so surprised 


The SEC just isn't any good. They aren't the superior conference.  Florida State, let me introduce you to big boy football.


Sitting around an auto repair place waiting to find out how many expensive things are wrong is my favorite thing. 


It's always fun calling government offices on a Friday. 


I love how people send me the pictures from camp 


just drove past  and OMG the parking lot is full. It's soo nice to see people spending time with their families...  


We had temps in the high 60's today &amp; are expecting snowmageddon on Thursday. Gotta love Oklahoma weather. 


 omg. Says the guy that's friend zoned, laaarl.  


 of course, the game isn't nationally televised. Luckily every single Lakers game is though! 


So Piper Jaffray downgrades $ULTA with a $113 PT.  These guys are good. No. Really. They are.  


So Instagram direct is basically text messaging.  


As in actually free?!? What a concept!    


"You know your ex-boyfriend is out" no I didn't but thank you   


My day just keeps getting better and better!      Yeah, changing the manager always works. Just look at Fulham ... Ohh 


 not sure if you deserve it.. with alll you 


 thanks Sarah, real confidence booster there 


 yeah I know. I usually use the  hash tag to make sure ppl get it. Forgot 2 that time


  : Sometimes, I wish we were in a  a double,edge sword... 


   oh wow a bama player. Shocking you said that. 


Getting vape liquid in your mouth is just grate 


so its supposed to feel like 2 degrees when its time for school in the morning but its not cold enough to cancel or anything  


Arrr eh... Give these  fans a break, most of them haven't lived in the real world for nearly 30 years. 
All say ARRRRRRRRRR



my shoulder is burning, oh what a nice feeling this is...  


Usually works out real well.  RT  A team full of white guys who basically do nothing but chuck threes.  Awesome.


 Nice! Egregious=bad.....I love polysyllabic words. 


Uhhhh yeah I am sorry I cannot see without my fake glasses.  


I just love it when your trying to start a conservation with somebody and they don't respond.. 


"on my teacher's salary, I'm sure I can afford it."  


You act like you are rich and shit dog taking the month off to vacation in luxurious Michigan.    


With a win today over NE I think the  could really improve their BCS Bowl Chances. 


Of course! Lol. Why not just put the blame on me. Haha 


 I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.




My Lord has Belichick changed since his days in Clehe is so full of life now!  


Gonna be incorrectly writing 2013 on all my work documents for at least the next month...   


Yeah keep editing your pictures because it's not noticeable at all.   


happy thanksgiving. as in "thanks indians, for giving us your land."     


Shove him after he's out of bounds and it's shake your head at the fact that you injured him  


 Haha that was me 2 years ago but I needed two new shoulders. At least you only need one. 


"I can feel those resolutions kicking in already!" -Tom 


Paid a $65 pathology bill &amp; got a thumping $13.35 paid back via Medicare 


 obviously.  Who doesn't have a good time when I'm around....? 


Sooooo glad I haven't heard from Reggie all day   


Oh great...now the bearded woman is gonna sing on the voice. Can't contain my excitement 


Ahhh...what would  season be without arm chair GMs thinking they know better than anyone else how to play...   


 seems like its more important to start than win...Turkish mentality? 


Its almost 4am and I'm still awake.. Im going to have a great day tomorrow ! 


Sold Ayo Salami out  " An example is ...."  A bench of judges/magistrates 


i'm so glad i wrote a 2 page paper for you that you just gave me a 100% for that you did not even look at at all.  


No Eddie, the English and the Scots have always been sensible and never fought each other  


 ha! Because  would rather do shows on bars that are run down and waiters that steal from their restaurants. 


  What are you talking about? Suarez jumped into Mirallas' foot? How dare he!  


 we really appreciate you telling us our flight is delayed at the airport by 3 hours! 


Spray panting where there is no ventilation is my favorite thing in the world.  


 lets blame that on matt. lol but glad alls well. im hangin in 2. just wanted 2 say hi. welcome2 Twitter it's a blast  lol


Thanks to  store and  For me not getting my order and still getting charged. Been waiting 40 days ! 


Forgot my phone charger in the lobby of Jones.  


Oh it's cold outside?  If only someone would post a screenshot of the weather to tell me!  


I just love having mental breakdowns all the time now... 


Guess who has 6 hours of art and textiles straight today? Me! Wooo 


One thing I love about playing Isaac is when I get and opportunity to full clear XL floors. It's amazins. 


I would like to thank the incessant barking of the neighbor's dog for keeping me from sleeping in.  Sleep is overrated anyway.  


it's 9 pm. Only four more hours until the main event. 


 it's ok that's the day where I see my uncles and get to hear many terrorist jokes ab my beard. Ant family awesome. 


 I don't know about that, I probably would have gone for that awesome deal. 


Lucky for Ireland their rugby Union team isn't capable of this . 


One employee working at the post office today.  At least it's not the busy time of year. 


 what ?! You love Christmas don't ya hun?  


Thank you to my brother for his enormous consideration of me sleeping and not yelling on the phone at 8:30 in the fucking morning. 


hope  plays that Metric song at least 3 times tomorrow 


I forgot how amazing  is.   IS n fact the worlds BEST actor, even as a kid!   


Just gonna lay in bed and watch Netflix all day because I feel like I don't do that enough  


  wow, OKST has played a lot of games! 


 You know,  is such a class act. I can't understand why  divorced him. 


  but Tim he only had 4 HR's against LHP, that isn't destroying them. 


love that im getting  analysis in the press box right now. 


WaauuwRT  family reunion on first Christmas day and first day of the new year

i wouldn't mind if something came in between




Well, that escalated quickly.  At least the  fan took the loss with class.    you spelled her name right if you werent such an irresponsible cam girl youd be a keeper 


Welp, my fingertips are bleeding because my skin's so dry. Winter is officially here. Yippie. 


Eating healthy makes a vast difference kk (y)   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Going on the Downtown line for the first time, I might just burst with the excitement 


It makes you feel good when people don't text back  


Oh, really, I'm so surprised. Truly shocking RT  " says he can't support the budget deal"  


  arr tom what have u done to her shes gone hugeeeeeee  .   


Watching the mosconi cup, earl the pearl up to his old tricks...


J.R Smith is taking some great quality shots.   


Just another friendly exchange between two DJs    thanks to  for leaking my logon credentials 


You're so fucking cool with loud bass in your beat up eclipse. What a badass. All the girls want your D.  


Yep kinda having a freak out...surprised I lasted this long tbh :/   &lt;      


Roses are red,violets are blue.faces like yours belong in the zoo.Don't be mad I'll be there too,not in the cage,but laughing  you.


Suarez May be good but he's no Calvin Zola.   


Really looking forward to work tomorrow  


Love having streptococle throat made my day   


Looooooooove when people tweet but don't text you back. 


Yup I dont do anything you just got to live with that!! 


Cue   . Super exciting  night ahead for me. 


Honestly 5 day weekend and I can barely see him once. Yeah your real cool. 



   seriously? Fair shake of the sauce bottle!


Hey everybody going to FGL: please post pictures of the tickets! I don't know what a concert ticket looks like. 


Well that's just the iceing on the cake, greatest day every :/



You always leave at the most convenient times 


Yay!  The Giants made a touchdown!    Let's go DEFENSE.  We need a stop here.


 Whoops, I Just Fell Down The Stairs And broke my spine, both legs,both arms and every bone in my body and I can't move..


The kids are putting on a play. Sheer entertainment. 


Despite heaters and wrapped faucets and everything, we have our first ever burst pipe. Awesome. So awesome. 


I see so many saints on my timeline Sunday mornings. Its amazing. 


Thursday night is my new favorite night of the week 


Oh the heat are comin to Cleveland on Wednesday? Well we're ready for em, I know that much! 


  Yes. You can't tell fashion when you see it? She's a model.. Duh..  


 oh yes, as usual, cos there's loads of good managers out there just waiting to take over 


I love workin the 10:45-8 shift.    


so much money being wasted this week.  


 Thavks for reminding me. I had totally forgotten. 


Oh man, Kian is so fit! (who the fuck is Kian?) 


  I thought Jerry Jones was the head coach for the  


So it turns out that my potential, future flatmate wants to have a threesome with me !     


Taking the overnight bus to Pittsburgh through this snowstorm tonight is gonna be FUUUUNNNNNN. Can't wait! 


 It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it... hey  , she's talkin to you


   east Boston's where it's at... 


Opting to soak garri when she made the most delicious meal on earth(in her mind though) and telling her she is the best cook. 


Photo: Look how excited I am to have to be up by 6am for work!        you to my cousins for posting a Christmas countdown to their snapchat story every day this month 


Our well-behaved dogs cleared out the dog park fast. 


Salman says armaan tanisha ki jodi tootne wali hai "kamsekam" is season k liye. Ws tht a hint to something?  


 maybe because they're generally just overall bigger? 


Dayum, mailing a drama school and a renaissance reenactment group both the same day. Aren't I becoming quite the social butterfly? 


But you know people arguing sometimes makes it fun .. 


 yay, my mouth is peeling! Thanks, Santa! 


! RT   at its best. This deservers endless retweets.  via    


 ALERT: It'll drop to 79 degrees in Orange County today! Please, everybody, remember to take a coat if you go out. 


Hey wiggins why don't you just go to the NBA now since you're obviously too good for college 


4 things: can't believe how disinterested Bama is  This isn't going the way I thought; I love it; and pump brakes on Stoops/Browns


We sit in school all day and then come home and do more school shit. It's so wonderful. 


I'm glad Patrick Stewart got the voice-over gig with National car rental, I hate it when actors go broke.  


Please I've seen 30 to 40 games end like that   


I'm just having the time of my life right now 


 it wasn't really me!! I'm still there somewhere!! 


Another great day at wonderful skank pauls high school!!!!!!!   


Antique Mall time because my house doesn't look hoarder-ish enough... 


Now  won...I tink  strike would be cut off ...


Of course, because  respect EVERYONE'S free speech!!!!  
  Fire was just terrible. I would not go see it if I were you. 


  NYTimes: Got a Light? Olympic Torch Relay Seems Cursed to the Ends of the Earth -


 tell her Jesus has spoke to me and says I don't need to watch this.  


Oh joy. Leonardo Dicaprio in another movie. My life is made. 


Question about specific instances in which NSA prevented terrorism through new measures is successfully dodged by Obama. Good job 


Thank GOD I got two emails, two phone calls, and a text message letting me know that Columbia is closed tomorrow! 


I was just nearly sick and Jess just laughs, I have great friends 


 Aweh thanks I know I do but what about Brady aha 


Never would've noticed otherwise  RT  Get used to this over the next few weeks: "X will happen, unless it doesn't."


Love having to travel 4 hours for a 3 hour meeting I really do! 


  I'm still waiting for the ' at the end of that lol.. Grossly misunderstood.. I like that defence..


It's great how people always listen to me..  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


.  

An A*??

I'm dumbstruck by your sheer awesomeness!

Really I am.




I'm really looking forward to the long drive to Cheltenham and back today! 


Ooh look at all the extra carriages to carry the 3 hours worth of delayed passengers  


 I am glad I am paying for your awesome LTE coverage.     as a Vol fan  is the best term to express my sadness that he wasn't considered  


So Mike Smith moves Peter Konz to RG today. Gerald McCoy gets 2 consecutive sacks from that side. Genius move coach!  


Heckuva decoy!   Did they just keep Jimmy Graham back to block on third-and-4??? 


 your right. Your shoes are fugly.   


Seeing all the pictures of people new and expensive things man I got socks and pj's  


My workplace.          Thank goodness for Big Government. Many lives were saved from the heroic efforts of the TSA's crack Toy Removal Squad. 


Thank you twitter for telling me my post was posted... cause I cant OBVIOUSLY see it pop up..  


 invites me to his house tonight then kicks me out of his room so he can hang out with    lol


Wait a minute....there's a show called Duck Dynasty w guys w beards who love Jesus &amp; guns??? What??!!  


Love Train stuck in my head...thanks Mr. D    


I really love having dress rehearsal till eight every night 


Well that was a great way to start a Tuesday  


 oh yeah I think it's worth it.   


Hahahahah wow some lame ass kid that look like a thumb is trying to mess with me and my bro I'm scared 


I'm not a sarcastic bastard all the time.... sometimes I'm asleep :P 


Shark Night 3D isn't any better the second time around  


UNLV vs North Texas. The epitome of New Years Day college football. 


Cuz adding a bracket on a tooth that is under my cheek was such a great idea....


 sounds like it worked,  "Nothing out..." 


 that's awful! I guess we have to wait for the fine ( ) people of  to fix it  


 No way! You mean they're only there for their boobs? Never would of guessed. Lol. 


Well that was a very pleasant conversation. Good job libby. You really have a way with words.  


 you're like the manliest man ever like wow 


I think Michigan lost because they thought they were playing the Bobcats.   


Darn guys I went to the gym today and forgot to take a selfie....wasted trip to the gym  


 yes Im in the marines. An Im the division called the U.S. Navy where I wear navy cloths but Im actually in the marines 


 good luck with that one brah. Most of us knowledgeable lady sports fans are hideous 


 I'm so glad your managers enforce your policies 


 why race when you can just bang a PR in training...  


 Naaa I see you  your so close that you can give him your number 


man so pissed off tha the year 9's get their own lunch time 


 Thanks for the prompt response.  I guess I should have included   in this tweet.


Digging this -11 degree weather right now.   


Thanks for burning something in the oven &amp; filling the place up with smoke, dear sister! My eyes thank you, too. 


MSU again proving it is absolutely deserving of the  ranking 


 EVERYONE: Listen to Joey Barton! He's knows all the answers, the bloke completed his A Licence in 2 weeks! 


Happy New Year! Let's go 2014!!!    


I just really adore people who put their middle fingers up in pictures. They're the classiest people. 


I love how my sisters talk to people I go to school more than they talk to me 


I love it when I go to the dr. for blood workups &amp; when the nurse can't find a vein, she decides to just dig around w the needle. 


Boy, Twitter is booming at 3am...  Looks like that's my cue to go to bed. 


 makes sense. Tarheels fans are never cocky. 


 RT  Montreal has been really burnt tonight by Subban's poor defense and flashy celebrations. 


Ahhh bless Hannah is crying! She's never done that before 


Thanks for calling me back   ... I have been waiting nearly 6 months to move to Vodacom. I am seriously reconsidering.


I know it's a shock fellow  fans, but I ran every scenario on ESPN's Playoff Machine, and we're out.   is really cutting into my social media posting. all my cleverness wasted on my job. 


Thanks  for not updating your flight information online so that I showed up to the airport in Santo Domingo 6 hours early. 


The liberal agenda is just oh-so--AWFUL!!     trim another thread from that hanging constitution.  


 I bet it doesn't involve anything about releasing a new about or going on your again! *cough cough*  


Issues and of mice and men together is the greatest thing to ever happen  Next to Issues and sleeping with sirens of course. 


Absolutely loving the fact that the telly at the airport has Who Wants to be a Millionaire on rather than  


Contraire to popular belief, hair driers are not just for drying hair.. Apparently it's now used instead of putting the heating on 


Awesome day I'm having. Quite possibly the best. 


 In the spirit of the evening: *OF. Get it right or don't tweet! 


They've really gone to town with the Xmas lights up in Blyth this year.  


 is going to love their Christmas present i got them 


 Yes you are very classy. i am sorry i don't know  what i was thinking. Please forgive me. 


Running around from office to office for letters of recommendation is soooo fun, especially when you need the time to study!  


In the  Food dreadful. Service abysmal. Don't know why we keep coming back here. The 5th course is particularly bad. 


Oh how I just love being the pregnant babysitter :) 


Wait, this could be Manziel's last home game? I think it needs to be announced 50 more times.  


Lots of love on Twitter this morning for Howard Foster &amp;  


 I just totally love getting ready for no reason   happens to me all the time  


I just so excited to have a party on New Years at my house and watch everyone else drink and get drunk... 


BEST, Thankyou for making that 5 inches of seating at the bus-stop. Really helps.       


Such dangerous road conditions. I don't know how I'm even driving rn   win by cowboys!! So great to see us just barely scrape by one of the worst teams in the league!! 


Have you ever been on your game so hard you needed 2 hats?     Kobe doesn't win this game it was clearly a bad contract by the Lakers  


" The Big 10 is lookin like a mid-major today    yeah man. They are garbage I thought. 


TRADE RGIII TO THE BILLS!  RT  Kirk Cousins is going to start instead of RGIII.  


I don't watch allot of UFC fights. This guy Joe Rogan isn't too passionate about the sport is he?  


I think I speak for the majority of  traders...   


 2 days off pfft ur off every day ...    


 how dare we see  them interact, their friendship is horrible!!1!1! 


Got hit going up for a shot at the rec. Lip is swollen like crazy, so pumped...    


 you're loving this, aren't you? All we Broncos fans are just a bunch of stooges, right? 


      Aesthetics Hair Studio  like 60 people asked me today " why did u wear a dress" BC I LOVE THE FEEL OF ARCTIC WIND U TWAT 


Filthy Corruption "why r u yelling?". "due to fear of being rooted out by AAP." "No need to worry. BJP &amp; Congress r still alive" 


What am I going to have for dinner tonight?  How about. Nice big bag of TPN!   


 Right, because they're actually excited for the Xbox One. 


This 4 hour driving class is gonna be awesome!   


Happens almost everyday for me RT My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


  I buy my new Jamies Winston jersey
 


 right... So it's my responsibility if I get harassed. Of course! 


My favorite place to be the week before Christmas.  ( US Post Office)  Well looks like the secrets out of the bag... 


The amount of privacy I seem to get lately is just astonishing 


Just got a lovely text from mom: shit day, do your essay. Very positive vibe.  


I bet mark Emmert loves having penn state be national champions in wvb.   


That James Milner eh, does nothing, has nothing, will never amount to anything, as bad as that waste of space Gareth Barry ! 


Poor guy quietly asked me for money, I ignored, then he called me a MF. Yeah buddy, you really just made a great case for yourself. 


  your friends who always smile.  


Lol at all the Christmas messages I got today 


 sounds like you need to ask that question on Jelly 


Ya lebron did a great job on that play... Pass was on the money and he defended it well 


My mom texted me for a whole seven minutes!   


Can't wait to get this shift out the way and do paperwork  


This will be a terrific week for my fantasy team.   


Good thing this big snow storm is hitting during Christmas break!  


"When will you see a doctor and get migraine meds?" When I run out of advil  


Wow. The new year sucks already.   


I love beating a guy ranked 300 in the world and getting zero money for it.  


 yeah sure  is the best song I've ever heard! 


A Willis Reed Moment for NFL officials!   


New Year's Eve &amp; I get to work. :)         good to know the county continues to maintain its snowplows are for wimps policy. I'd hate to break from tradition. 


Who cares if school doesn't teach about life in general. At least I know how to solve algebraic equations. 


Hooray for progress!   It's official my health insurance will be double in 2014 from the 2013 price.


Good GRIEF no one understand  anymore.! Hi I'm Tylar and IM SARCASTIC.!!!   nd not being so damn SENSITIVE.!


I really hate people who are sarcastic  or do I?    


Love when girls are like "There's no nice guys now a days" and all I could think is "yea I'm standing right here"  


  by          


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  I don't see why we even have restaurants, parks, and shops downtown...why even have a downtown??? 


I guess I should use a  every time I am being sarcastic because everyone takes twitter so seriously


 At least 15 people shot overnight in Chicago  - If only a good person was there with a gun... 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I need to keep up with twitter trends and post pictures of my boobs 


Ahh, the warm &amp; fuzzy feeling that envelops you after viewing an Economic Action Plan television commercial.    


I'm really looking forward toy flight because I have a middle seat YAY!  


So who's going to be the guy that shoots Bambi and writes an article on why Fed should retire? 


  I had no idea midcarders were main eventing raw and smackdown, facing Brock lesnar and undertaker. Amazing. 


Well,  says "unke pass ek flat hai, aur account mein 1lakh nakad", while profiling rich politicians. Classy journalists. 


I love reality shows,they are just so well written 


The confidence in me is awe inspiring  


 " That Giroux goal is way up there among the best I've ever seen."


I live in Florida! It's 36 degrees!....I'm going to the beach!  


Huge block by Jason Williams!!!  I know everything about that guy too. 


I am very Sad, Your Tweet Hurted Myself, I'm Really That Kinda Girl.!? Ohh, That Means A lot, Because. You're My reason 2 Life.!! 


 3 of which were scored playing against Celtic. One hell of a team 


   perhaps mr Gore could organize a research expedition to Antarctica to document the massive ice melt... 


Lochnesa? Oh, Reza. Your nicknames slay me.  


NEWSFLASH: It's really, really cold outside!  


Merry Christmas to all my real bitches out there, and even a little to those slightly less real ones!   


Sickkk. School. Then work 4-10 good combination . 


Soooo... You read my message and opened my snapchat but you can't reply? Thanks babe. Love you too. 


 of course people do! everyone knows Spanish people can't celebrate Christmas...    


Hey  are you going skinny dipping in Lake Erie this week or R U waiting for cooler weather?    


I am making myself coffee at 9pm, absolutely nothing bad can come from this. 


 as a kid from the West Bend naturally it should have been. "I didn't choose the thug life. The thug life chose me."  


 way to be classy. Your tweet wasnt at all racist or anything.  


Oh, hi there. It's just me causually  hiding in the bathroom for the next hour. Nothing to see here.  


Dear guys in front of me. I'M HERE. So if you don't mind could you please talk louder. I think i can't here you. 


 homework and clean room -___- the two things i love most 


 You only get ejected for double birds to the crowd. 


 Is  the same as   Is mince pie really that good?


Headed out to tackle the snow. Happy happy joy joy 


About that  guy... He might be really good someday.  He simply needs some work on his finishing!  *


Wow I'm glad we made it to the airport I thought we were going to be late.  


Can't wait for your "fake ass friend" to become your "best fake ass friend" again...yay for bullshit! 


i absolutely love it when people say they wanna chill cus they miss you make plans and then ditch! ....


Why would Thornton appeal? Doesn't he know bettman loves the pens??? He clearly won't win!! 


   oops I forgot the flowers too, anything else you wanna point out?  


  Exhibit A proving this argument: Trinidad's Westwood Freestyle-

 and it's foggy this is turning out to be a great day 


 that electric offense might be slowed down by puddles. We don't want that now.  


I hope everyone's Faculty meetings are as productive as mine! 


How cruel can commesial people be,the year hasn't ended yet,but i'm seein those "back to school" commesials




Photo of the day!!! This is on point... i know you can relate lol       funny sa lahat ng funny: Ang 2014 ay year of the Red Horse! Sobrang funny! 


  WOAH. He exposed the turnbuckle! What more do you want? 


All iPad minis were in stock in Scottsdale Quarter $AAPL store this weekend. I guess they aren't selling.... 


Can someone remind me how old Jacquie Lee is again? I forgot.   


And the best player in the league, has guided his team to number 8 in the league...


Well I just missed Robin Thicke's performance. Oh damn. 


If my day could get any worse that'd be great. Lol.  


Working will be very important tonight. Everyone will need some Hardee's in their life. 


Watching chick flicks with me is probably Jacobs favorite activity     


           providers are optimistic, expecting hyper growth. Color me shocked.   


 That just about covers  Obama &amp; his  &amp; his special minions Heil  


 that was such a blockbuster too. Can't believe only 66 ppl will see that genius.  


Why do owners like  and  hire staff?  They are obviously smart and talented enough to do it themselves.  


Thanks for putting a cherry on top of this already perfect night. Knew I could count on you. Ha. 


13 hour work day. A bit less than 15 if you count commutes. I don't know why people complain about that.  


like there's a chance I'm not gonna go to the night owl tonight    


S.Allen still believes we have good players?!  Like the comment of  piece.Our 'football knowledgeable' board 


I'm pretty sure I just lost two followers because I was being too much of a "Debbie Downer." *cries* lol 
*isn't actually crying*


The holidays really bring out the best in people at the airport. 


Yep, I'm living below a UConn grad that is a huge sports fan.   


My favorite part of an evening at a Hawks game has arrived; when some meatball behind me yells "do something" on a power play.  


 it's okay being able to withdraw my own money for food isnt a priority anyway 


 i told you  would run this city in to the ground 


 :) wait, but it's exactly the book right? No possibility for spoilers   ;) no worries, I promise!!


  must be because he gets to talk to PJ 


Garfield and Friends | The Daily Garfield Comic Strip  Is Garfield hungry? XD 


  Everyone needs a co-dependent!  


Yay! I get to run 8 miles in the freezing cold. 


If you're a chick n u present urself for the 1st time as  u deserve every bit of  n  I throw out there. 


Lolol I called you and snapchatted. Thanks for answering.. 


"Ft. Smith is the 6th most depressing city in the country."
Nah, for real? 


Just great  RT  Video: 'I'm not going anywhere. Guaranteed': Rob Ford at  service  an unfair advantage that cars have; Why can't you have moon roof in planes?   


im so glad mymom picked me up from school and ididnt have to call her 8 times only to have to walk home in the cold as it gets dark 


Oh you know... everyone's fighting to have me as their WCW. 


 stop buying clothes! Jeez! Always copying other bands!  x


My sister is obviously so excited I'm home for the weekend.   this guy doesn't sound like a broadcaster at all  


 Ah yes, one cannot tweet &amp;fold. I forgot that they both require complete concentration.   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Oh look, Tim is about to piss someone else off. I am SO surprised 


I really enjoy sitting here and being bored. 


my family get along so wonderful and amazing at Christmas time yay woop perfect family 


What a great way to start the year, fucking Ji Dong Won is playing 


 That was written with the appropriate  I presume.


Thank you Macys Thanksgiving Parade for injecting gender identity issues into this family friendly day. 


The world lost many important ppl this year: first Mandela, and now the inventor of the Kalashnikov just died... 


In in the  Leaving  for more Game time before this  closes... 


Mmhmm... stroke my ego... That's the only thing I like talking  about. 


N meanwhile my TL is Displaying The Greatest Intelligence I Have Seen Thus Far. 


I do believe that my obsession with Blackadder as a child has shaped my humour today and I make no apologies  


 the extra security watching me when i'm walking around a store makes me feel so safe... 


A couple of Classic DVDs for $10 a piece, hell of a deal.   says Merry Christmas like mom smoking around all of the kids and not being able to breathe  


 Oh sure. Where was that reminder 3 hours ago? Thank you very much. 


  With luck, he might be able to squeeze in a tour of Kruger or have a surf at jeffreys bay whilst he is there 


I am so so glad that the library has provided you a place to hang out and chat things up 


Looks like 2013 has a few last minute surprises in store for me! 



 omg, idk?! I'm still dying from your picture tho! It was sooo funny!! 


Exactly, though I should have slapped my last tweet with  RT  Wasn't precluding his agent from doing it, though.


I love curling my hair and putting on make-up for nothing... -___- 


 being a father of such a wonderful kid is being   


News is reporting that NC homeowners insurance may increase by up to 25%.  THANKS OBAMACARE.    


have I mentioned how much I love when my boyfriend can check his Facebook but not send me a quick text?   


i am so happy everyone knows how to count today!!! its amazing how people know numbers!!! 


This day is just a bundle of joy.  it's actually not that bad Lol


It is truly apparent where I stand to you and I greatly appreciate it 


Nothing says Christmas like "The 100 Years of Indian Cinema"   


I feel like an actual air head thanks to this sinus infection... Also my tonsils are touching so that feels great as well.  


 you better 'cause I just love hearing my recorded voice.   Seriously, you know I would be humbled &amp; honored.


So glad I took a vacation day to be snowed in! 


the bags under my eyes don't indicate i'm sleep deprived at all. 


Shout out to  for being a generous, unselfish guy.
 


There is so much snow for winter here in England  There is none at all. 3 days till xmas though. Yay.


Some police are going to be dressed in Saints' jerseys at the game this weekend. That is idiotic. That will definitely help. 


Seriously I tell you everything they did and you still go with them wow some friend you are. 


Hope my family is ready to be locked inside a car with me for 8 hours straight   


It's nice to know that I can feel accepted in my own home.  


Appropriate typo. RT  Tha Falcons are really goof at protecting Matt Ryan. 


I'm so glad my phone doesn't die every 2 hours. 


Now thanks to the incompetence at Entergy, my dad won't be off of nights until I go back to Missouri.  


Great example of how in touch the leaders of UK media are:  


I just love how my parents &amp; my sister ate Cracker Barrel without me &amp; wouldn't let me go with them 


I love hearing rain slam against my window... Especially when I know it's going to be -9 degrees tomorrow.   


 DAMN I just picked up Kent Simpson in my fantasy pool 


 thank you for favoriting all my tweets  


 at this rate, soon you will to deliver the il cavallino icon to RedBull   they could become in the scuderia


love it when that happens, makes my night so much better 


I love showing off my       i mean, i took 4 years of spanish and he was a spanish speaker... totally him. 


I almost sense some  on the ingredients of honey.   doesn't make you a model or a photographer. 


 Dts fair right? Remember u r d man, u r d head, commander in chief of all my armed forces?? 


  nice to know  don't wanna spend on pitching which is most important! Yea Pineda is a great option 


  elliott who? fibbo who? is it whom?!!!! 


. but Hitler never acted on his words.  The Jews just killed themselves  


Oh first day back to work after 9 off, rocking this sinus cold, woke up late, working alone, it's gonna be a fantastic day. 


Oh America, you never fail to disappoint with your  violence. Bravo. 


You know, jealousy is a very unattractive thing. Maybe that's your problem.  


 Iove Saturdays when the tourists come to town and stand on the wrong side of the escalator  


Why is ohio so beautiful all the time? The sun &lt;3 


Refs swallow whistle on two hand shove at the top of the key. Thanks for the lovely finish to the night 


 no over the smoke signals we send each other...  lol


In case people were wondering, my first language tends to be  on days like today.


3 steps are allowed in college now? I thought that was just the nba. 


 lool          Thank God I value you more than you'll ever value me 


No Toby or AP today, this should be a fun game....  


SELL ZIL NOW oh my god gervinho you are missed, lad.  


My 4 year old informed me I should bow and curtsey when she walks into the walks into a room.  


 I read that article this morning and really felt for that poor, poor man. What a hero. I also like the racist overtones. 


Sitting in the hall with  so much fun  


Who needs sleep when you can sit up and worry about stuff! Yayyyy 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You know you made it when someone rips off your pictures and designs      


 ohh no a teenager cursed call  it's a national crisis 


anyone else have a sweet treadmill run today?  


I've just had such an exciting Friday night no wonder I can't sleep! 


Nothing more gangster than 3 white dudes stuck in a snowstorm in Indiana listening to rap music.   


 Hey Lady Groupon thx 4 the  Colin handled my concerns but his  and  is NOT appreciated 


Of COURSE I can make the plotter plot darker across the whole plan.... I AM THE PLOTTER WHISPERER.... 


You certainly know who your friends are when you have gone away!!!    


 and that's just mens underwear..........!  


So the power is out in most of the buildings at  now I'm sitting in a pitch dark computer lab   


 wow only 600?     


 I don't conform to social norms...  


 you couldn't play in the socon for any sport that's why I said I could play at uk 


yay i get to remake my schedule from the ground up basically oh happy day 


  im also waiting for my period but that won't happe will it?? 


Beauty weather.        you need not give up  when working out. To the dude who passed me... "Need to go to the toilet speedy Gonzales?"


I'm a fan of all football teams, even Jacksonville .... Gotta be covered when they're good... 


Ahhh nothing better then pulling into an empty parking lot. So glad im here ...... NOT!!!   


So...with  joining the Wyatt's, whats his Mrs gonna think on Total Divas's    


Like how you hardly ever do what you say you are. Cool. 


Can't drop the name of your bf? Which is which? Collect and select lang peg mo? =))  


Home at long last. Uwijja, I've only been dizzy and barfing since 9... 6 hrs of pain isn't toooooo bad  


 Special teams coach from University of Hawaii, heard he is a real up and comer 


What a great game...................................


Working, running, taking the TEAS V test, a TB skin test, and seeing the endocrinologist... Why is my break so fun?  


Have to wonder about chicks whose IG is composed of nothing but ass shots...oh my bad you WEREN'T looking for RESPECT. 


 Haha I just can't wait to get back to greenwood 


I can't wait to see the crazy cowlicks that are in my hair from not sleeping with it in a pony tail when I wake up. 


I have my own personal entourage of weirdo idiots to escort me around. How did I get oh so lucky?   


Great defensive play call Mallory!   


I mean because I would totally pay 78 dollars for a shirt that says Canada on it   


I'm thankful for a reasonable,understanding job that appreciates me.. 


 well at least he is trying...
  


"OH CHRISTMAS TREE, OH CHRISTMAS TREEEEE!" - an ode to that exam I just aced. 


" Wow, you really know how to make a girl feel on top of the world, don't ya? 


Can't wait until the first 'What  Can Teach Us About  Branding' blog post!  |  life is so thrilling. Omg. Stop. Stop the excitement. 


 thank god but we still have to hear that shit at Fortress Hillsborough  except first part


 oh yeah they were great I don't how they didn't win district 


I will never forget this, taken 2 mins ago!!    bed at this time on a saturday night, living the dream! 


"I need you more than dope." What a beautiful lyric. 


Cutler threw an INT so obviously he's to blame for the loss.



 Lol how eloquent of you. Good points.  to the max


Slid a bit, a lot. But that's okay, atleast I'm aat school. 


So Nick Saban is the frontrunner for the Texas job? I'm SHOCKED I tell you, SHOCKED! 


I sat in peebles and Sheetz parking lot tonight. I bet your night could never beat the super awesome fantastic night that I had 


Wait, there was a tornado warning.  Why has no one mentioned this on social media? 


In 9 games this season  has 97 plays for negative yards....  


Bottle Drive 2moro everyone get hyped! I just love going outside in the cold and ask people for bottles.  


There are 2 sound systems at this party, oh boy how fun this will be 


Just what I expected. The icing on the cake to this fantastic day.    think Mr Bricklee should be the actor in those AT&amp;T commercials with the kids.. 


People who try to be different just for attention are so cool 


That moment when you feel like a chootiya when ur  is taken as sexual frustration


Big shout to my coach who's making me do a 400m at sports city next month  


Off to work on this lovely bright morning!      you should eat makeup so you will be pretty on the inside too.  


Absolutely LOVEEEEEE when the blues blow a lead 4-3 loss..   


I have to wake up at 4:30 tomorrow because I have practice yay! 


 wow people will be you quoting you like they do with Muhammad Ali - you have such a way with words 


No sleep. Gonna watch the sunrise again. Gotta love my new schedule. 


My time at Hong Kong airport is nearly at an end Twitter. I shall see you all in Auckland. Just 14 hours to go. Joy 


This is possibly the most busy we have ever been on the noon shift... 


Anyone know what show is on Fox tonight at 8:00??? 


I think basing a big part of our grade on an exam we write  7pm after a full day of classes is the best way to test our knowledge 


Walk, train, cab. And now more walking. I fucking win. 


  the mets are totally going to the World Series 


That kind of day.        Crawford is having a great game   


Spending Xmas alone. Always very warm of love.  


Yes! The Christmas spirit has triumphed and now people can say "Up yours" to their bosses! It's a Christmas miracle.  


Lifeskill  - Switch your phone to vibration before you pretend talking on your phone.

 


good thing   and  tour isn't coming to Seattle, I'd hate to see that show   


I'm glad Black Friday is now Thanksgiving day  


I just love when people dont reply to my snapchats. 


 You look like you're having such a great time! 


Last tweet was with added  Proves that estate agents in Balham don't give a toss


Another day, another extra hour &amp; a half of work. No biggie.



Things I'm looking forward to today: crowds of  at the gym, lack of available weights &amp; machines.  


Of course I'm smart! I get my high education at WHS! . 


just going to be 'sooo happy' 4 everyone  who met him a hundred times before when they gonna meet him again... 
  


 Students who cheat are attracted to politics: study.   .... Nooo. Really? 


 opens with only 7M. Maybe they didn't promote it enough.  


No  this Sunday? Woooppy. Looking foward to that. -_-   


My favorite thing about spending me weekend with you, is spending it alone 


My day is almost over!! Yours ends at 12 mine ends at 1!!:D
 -.-  ...


2-0 to chile. Yes england will win the world cup 


   check your feeds....didn't see that coming 


Thanks for sticking up for me. Appreciate it. 


 Naa bhi kare to kya hua.. Itni badi daadi bahut nahin hai to prove that he's a true Muslim. 


I like when people post that they want Bush back as president. You're so sil...stupid.  He can only serve 2 terms. Duh. 


Can't wait to do homework all night with my migraine!  


There are only a few things on this earth that are more fun than traffic 


Whoever said TV rots your brain was way off      It's NM too. What's the most important thing in life? Looking cool. 


I feel so bad that this customer is shopping elsewhere because I would not let her in to look at shoes before we open. 


I woke up with more than 20 messages in my askbox. They were ALL of people pissed. Amazing, SPN, you're doing it right... 


Sometimes you just gotta put a straight face on...look at a person and be like "that's great".  cc


Why is  around  a gallon, must be  


Go figure, The Sun is owned by  owner rupert murdoch. Cause if theres 1 entity out there sensitive to women, its fox news 


Everyone should just feel sorry for you.  


Yay, the return of the worst non-acting "actresses" we've ever seen!   Please cancel that mess 


So the Bulls don't have Rose and the Bears defense is historically bad? Relax, the Cubs and Sox will soon be here to save the day! 


Cryoseism? Oh it's okay, being awoken at 7am was awesome!   


atta boy, Heater. Always scoring the big goals...  


Loving life on the sofa in my trackies feeling like my tonsils are going to explode -_-  


I swear I think I have the smartest sisters with the most common sense ever 


Lol you're just making my night so much better 


I just love it that my friends don't invite me to anything  !

You guys make me feel so special and important 



glad I got to hang out with my bf on his two days offf .. 


 these are the new fish. I do wonder y they call them Mickey Mouse platys hahaha    I'm going to lose sleep tonight over this Miss White ;) 


This is ridiculous...Come on  it's not like this game is important or anything! DAMN!  SMFH 


 What's "hangover"? I'm not familiar with that term lol. 


So thanks to all the people who rushed to give their views on kitkat android 4.4 when I asked last night. No, really 


Gutted I'm missing Chippenham lights switch on again this year 


Some guy in a truck just wolf whistled at me, thank you guy, now my first impressions of you are that you're not a moron at all 


Wow 100 followers on our twitter account. Amazing :)   Google translate helps too much in your tweets   


Daily movement of $ORLY will leave you convinced that markets are efficient 


Can we talk about how cold it is outside?  I feel like nobody cares about how cold it is... 


OMG OMG OMG that fight was so awesome. Unskilled players fighting is what hockey is all about. 


Im fucking knackered.. And i have a 3 hour product design mock today... Yay 


 Had my keys taken away for a half day, woah never again will i skip  


Love seein the newbies at the gym stare at equipment. 


So glad  can afford a float in the Macy's Parade but not bigger "pools" for the whales.  Fuck you Seaworld.


The Grizz HAVE to win tonight because if they drive me to drink again, I'll have cirrhosis of the liver by Thursday. 


Yup you got it, I feel threatened by you   


Always fun being locked out the house in the rain after work 


If my stomach could hurt a little more than it already is, that'd be great 


 because hes a top manager. I mean he was so good England actually looked really good in a major championship. 


It took capitalism and corporate American culture to finally perfect Mexican food.  


Oh a sore throat?? Weird. I never get those.  


 ha you call yourself one of those ??  but 


Why the fuck get me up now, just to walk the dog when I don't have college till 3? Love my parents 


 but!!!! They traded TRich for a 1st rounder. This FO obviously knows what they are doing. 


  boyfriend of the year right Herr...  lol


Weather people are so good at their jobs and predicting accumulation amounts  


Vikes w/out AP last week: MIN 48, PHI 30
Vikes w/ AP this week: CIN 42, MIN 14

 


 I know the feeling Mitch! When I were in silver 1 I won 7 games in a row and still got 99+0. (Had the best mmr) 


 thank you, your opinion effects me a lot  


Super shaky and my chest/stomach hurts.    


Happy tuesday everybody       That's good to hear, I would hate to have  walk through a sub standard lobby.  


 Ummmmmm. Trip...or write....yeah...tough call!  
Take your laptop and write when you go.


 what are you talking about?! He brought Shaq! 


Gah I amaze myself with how much sports knowledge I have. Just kidding. That's not true at all. I know next to nothing. 


No really it's okay, you don't need to plow the roads tonight! It's not that bad 


I just love people being rude to me on the phone and making me cry!  


Yes Stacey, I definitely need a GPS to get back to the apartment that I live at in the town I go to school. 


 Built on theory that young ppl educated in federal schools would throw $$ away on  They didn't get   


If only  had gone for 2 like  said....


Can someone I know please post the 15 second Olive Garden commercial with the unrecognizable music bed again? Thanks. 


I guess REAL R&amp;B music is now included with the hip hop/rap category... 


Well sorry to be a downer but this day just got from bad to worse....  THANK YOU UNIVERSE. you just know how to swoon a girl 


If you saw it on the internet it must be true... *side eye* 


I should do morning rants more often. Such a great way to start the day. 


 Going for three would be so uncharacteristic for the   


Going Funeral Director shopping with my brother tomorrow. What fun. 


Well thanks for the extra stress dad! Happy begging of exam week for me!  


I'm surprised they didn't call roughing the passer because Tom Brady got hit really hard   2013  is it like The Railway Children but with grown men? 


 Wow rebadged Buick made in China sold to Australians. Sounds like a good idea GM 


Today is going great, I hope this continues all day  


22:22 is a wonderful Christmas number, everyone should bow down to it and give it gifts!   


 Just love getting my ass chewed out by you   DO I NEED TO BEAT A BITCH OR


So glad how disappointed the boys are gonna be     one direction


It probably takes creativity to spell words like a Jejemon. I mean, no matter how I try, I jU$+ c4nt D0 1t. 


  Im dreading the UGA game being our 1st SEC game now! At least we have an easy OU road game 1st! 


How illuminating  RT CNN panel on 2014: Year ahead largely defined by year behind  but, that awesome laugh makes up for her looks :) lol 


The term "Grammar Nazi" makes no sense.... Nazi's spoke germans

 


Because I'm so normal right   one direction


wow thank you for sharing that, I really care 


50+ hours at work are gonna be really fun this coming week!!
 


Wow, y'all are real smart.  RT ".  Vulnerable to Hacking, Experts Say  it when my prod doesn't deign to show up for her newscast.  


Gonna be 14 degrees at my bus stop tomorrow.......    :p


 - Would appreciate it if you sped  it up a bit.  Snails move faster. 
 


Look I know it's been a few years but I'd totally be lying if I said I was over them killing off Prue on charmed  


Christmas music in the truck with Richard... Can't get any better! 


 ha! really? but that seems so reasonable !! ~ grin! 


At  at Barclays and feeling self conscious that I forgot my flower crown and headbands 


 to be honest, it's not like  would have had fair warning of that storm, it took us all by surprise! 


OMG! First D-Rose, now THIS?  RT  BREAKING: One World Trade Center to surpass Willis Tower as tallest building in US


 like poms isn't exercise? That makes so much sense. 


  True AJ Burnett, Wandy, Martin, and spending the max possible on the draft really shows how cheap they are. 


Wow another school shooting. No we don't need gun control. No not America.  


Work is mandating a "get to know 1 of your coworkers in another office" program. This sounds both fun and productive 


Well physical therapy was just a hoot today......  


  he will mug you off Aidan , and score and win us game 


 says he knew cop helicopters were following him.  says it was planes that were following him. Yep, sure, he knew 


    
What do Armaan's victims have in common? 
They just wouldn't fucking listen.



" Gud 2 be back." Yeeeaah we missed u small..  lol


Didn't go to work today meaning my desk will be loaded with paperwork. Yay! 


I need to start thinking about what's the first thing I'm going to do with my magical power of being 18 


  we need something to talk about today, so thanks for the discussion 


NIU deserved a BCS game. They looked like ballers against Utah St. 


Oh Bryz, I trust you will make this a good New Years Eve for the  I am sure you will be welcomed warmly. 


 it's like you're saying that the number of followers you have isn't important?! BLASPHEMY! 


 we sure couldn't have used it on the ensuing drive 


I'm thankful I have two fantasy football starters from the Packer offense... which has gained 63 yards today.  


I kinda like the update as the time goes by   


Its only a matter of time till this happens to me!          oh really i thought it was jesus' fault.... 


The best is feeling wanted on Thanksgiving. 


That my dear followers is how you  someone out without even   = Indirect 


 no one will be as good as Jake Holland! 


 but didn't you know that if you're not Christian you're doomed to hell and so, should be treated as inferior? 


must be really hard going an entire day without seeing your boyfriend. how do you survive. 


I love the people from Indiana that hate the colts just because everyone else likes them. You guys are some real hipsters. 


Not feeling well at all and I have class til 8, today will be amazing  


  
Yes Yes..Sofia's a very good captain.
She shd fight elections-who knows she might become the PrimeMinister



What a surprise that rousey won total shocker 


 That's kinda screwy. It's not like we have issues with over population of dogs in Canada   


Aiden is obviously thrilled with my mess of Christmas cards around my living room.    to stack some wood this fine morning. Oh the amount of joy I have is unreal. 


 We also won 873 other games that went into that record, but I get your point. 


I can hardly contain my excitement for going outside to do chores right now.....  


Hey, someone just tweeted at me to let me know how to get FREE FOLLOWERS!! MUST BE LEGITZ YO!  


So I'm not going to have a working stereo in my car until sunday? Okay that's cool. I don't like driving with music on anyways. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


So glad that half of these songs I sang in 9th grade   


Yay, I get 4 hours and 25 minutes to sleep.   


 I find Twitter always helps with the productivity. 


 The nerve of those artist types, thieves I say! 


Cuz thats sooo much bettr than the real fuckn thing.  


What's that? Another day of technical rehearsals? Great! Perfect! 


 Angels and Demons. Wanna get a good xtian education from this movie. And maybe start following illuminati too. 


Incredible India! 
RT" There's an island in India with 600 native inhabitants that kill any visitors!"


Hour car ride in the tiny third row seat of my mom's car! Fun 


Cant blame Johnny H over his wages after all its probably his last big transfer!! Ahem!  


2 packets, 4 WebAssigns, and a test first thing in the morning. I love Chemistry.  


Here I am, going to bed before my first shift of Black Friday: 2-10AM. I'm pumped.  


Oh, so you drink and smoke weed on a daily basis. And you're in a band too? I'm swooning.  


Ben the Brave: Courageous act of tightening on his final decision. The only real act of tightening in his tenure.  


People complaining about not getting gifts on time....gosh I could see that, it's not like the knew Christmas was coming...SMH 


The point of writing  under a sarcastic tweet?


I mean I love not meaning a thing to people I care the most about. BEST EVER. 


 sure is rough.       you follow then unfollow me just to raise your numbers then I hope your dreams come true!   


wow, laying on my bed bored is such a blast.  


I've spoke to not one person today and it's been great 


Thank you Missouri for making the roads safe to drive on.  


It makes me so happy you treat our sisters friend more like.a.sister then you do your actual sisters. 


   this is DEFINITELY going to happen 


thanks  for the SMS or email informing me of flight delay, so I didn't have to be at the airport so early...


Throats in bits bet this is me starting to get  stupid cold, thank you very much    


And I can't feel my body from the waist down......I'm so lucky   


Wow, we're debating dress code in class, never saw THAT coming 


I'm so good at talking to people that you're charmed by me right now and you don't even know it. 


  His lists are almost as sarcastic as Tosh.0 jokes. 


 This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player.  


All this snow is going to wreak havoc with Mooney's passing game. 


 Lol at the facts that  is trending things would have been so much more different with any prez. 


What a Shock? South Yorkshire Police to be investigated over the Ian Watkins case? Something about dodgy findings. 


 Yes, you're such a will o' the wisp, I'm sure you have no idea what stress is like.  


Good thing I have twitter, Facebook, and Instagram....I would never know that it was cold and school was cancelled without them  


Grabe ang tagal ng intrams ngayon! Enjoy talaga wooo!  


 dont tell me u think Yanks shouldve given him $240 mil? I like  but not at that pricePlus we disrespected him? 


 Well you're so photogenic woodsie that every photos a good one..


 how much objectivity and professionalism  .  will win, whether you like it or not.


My mom should have gotten more milk lol   in court tho morning, nothing is more awesome 


Nothing quite like a Sunday evening library session    


I just want to watch this Pens vs jets game!!    


To think that even though I'm done with finals I'm still not done with the semester... Thank you Psychology  


Back to work tomorrow after 3 weeks off for Xmas. 5am starts are back on...   


Yeah, well I'm even more lucky cuz I get 30 snaps in a row from you guys every time you're together.. 


Epona in Majora's Mask: *spins in circles*  Link: *dismounts*    


Slamming my finger in the car door is a great way to start off this long day!  Probs gonna loose my nail! 


No, I really do want to stare at the ceiling all night and think about everything. 


Its been a long minute since I've had to wake up at 6:40. Can't wait to start working 


Took that mental age test thing...I'm 31 apparently...and "over worried/stressed". I wonder why...


    Me too. It certainly has worked well for the  hasn't it. 


Put a smile on that face gorgeous.    (;


 This question oft' plagues my mind late at night too. 


An actors favourite rehearsal today... Tech... 


 that went well.  drips heavily from mouth


Oh joy, its snowing in parts of Southeast Michigan.  


if you take my tweets seriously there's probably a reason we're not good friends 


 Why would anyone in the country want a lousy worthless B1G coach? 



awesome. what a great way to start the week.  


My doctor is running a half hour late this morning   


   wow. seems like the client knows what he's doing!! ;) 


what better way to recieve the new year than to have a snowstorm :) 


oh ive come to do one of my mini assignments to find I havent been taught it! oh I love my lecturer right now!  


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


 thanks for answering the question. And your use of scriptural reference is impressive. 


Please give me a week just like finals before every break, I think you are preparing me well.   


 is in the most pleasant mood everrrrrrrrr !    -__-


" Yeah I'm a asshole. But so what?" Didnt ya know girls love bein treated like shit 


Way to capitalize on the turnover.   


Oops have done squats 2x this week.. A 3rd coming up! Guess I'll have no gains from this!    


 an astronaut was asked how did u see  from mars.he replied its so simple every 5 min he turns on &amp; off jst like xmas tree


When is our first football game next year?  But really, I already miss it.  


  I'm glad you see my point.    Now go have some salami.


I super love how I have a huge assignment due this weekend. 


Yesterday I overheard a guy talking about a "middle-aged woman" who turned out to be 29. So, that made me feel good. 


 it popped up when I was typing in the  tag hahaha


Absolutely loves getting my vagina poked and prodded first thing in the morning.  


smh  " Glad Anderson gets to play  Carrick out for 6 weeks, bad news for the Red devils."


Good to see that  are doing their job.   via 


The intensity of this "rivalry" and the high level of competition is awesome.  


Been up for an hour already! Love Sargent major inspections!  


 man I was in a bad state of mind and just remembered I know you and got happy!! Lol  


 thanks for taking care of us from Gander to Fredericton. I appreciate you having us stuck in Halifax. Again. 


Don't know what else to say. It was never alleged.    OK. Guess that settles that then. Sorry. 


WWLD?Helpful...      you just grab my clothes without telling me. Good thing I wasn't planning on wearing that  


Love you Santa for the best gift of all. Watching the Knicks get their ass beat &lt;3 


 the force is strong in this one  


What better way to spend my birthday than working 9-6   


People who know the next letter of alphabet without singing the song are terrifying. 


I can only hope that the  keep producing more negative headlines and less player moves that produce wins 


so tomorrow is the 3rd dday of christmas shopping. yayy.



I'm wondering if I'm going to have to put up with the sight of my ex all night long tonight as well.   


  Come on Arnab is so gentle nd so noble .. He just speaks all the time. Ya nonsense sometimes .. 


 Those where the days PETA were huge  fans 


It always kind of puzzles me when used wedding dress descriptions say "only worn once"... What, you don't wear it every day? 


I've always said that I love a good handoff from the shotgun formation.    


  your  is hilarious!  winner.   not so much!


People who understand  well are often good at reading people's minds. They understand the other person's true intentions.  ;)


What an awesome Friday &amp; Saturday night   


Well, that was fun...  G'night, all. I'm off to bed to weep silently into my West Ham fleecy blanket. 


Stop stifling my creative ability! I made this Facebook so you could like everything I post!!!!  


 I'm glad my taxes are subsidizing your low low prices 


Okay guys, lets not all reply to me at once, its not a race! 


This day just keeps getting better and better. 


i wonder who mark may picked to win this game 


"Don't move on" x4. Greatest chorus ever.  


 remarkably alike. But it's so well written I look past all those minor problems...


Hehehe " You look like something ad draw with my left hand hahahahahah  at its best."


I just love how  notices everyone but me  &lt;/3 Love You Al! &amp; a follow from you is on My Christmas Wish List. 


 Who in their right mind would want to leave Swansea for London? 


Who knew that a ream of paper can do damage to your nails? Three nails broken today. Winner winner, chicken dinner. 


 no capitalism is flawless and if you can't afford an education you're not smart enough 


Ladies and Gentlemen, the Million Dollar Band from Tigerland.      1 announced for Ultra Music Festival! Can't wait to see Waka Flaka!       will I put on my friends page in my scrapbook... so many options. 


This weeks been the best of my entire life!

    


That amazing moment when my current bf and old hook up are at the same party....  


twitter campaigns are pretty much always effective right?   


Lol okay I was totally joking on my last tweet  


I hate you,
You hate me,
Barney died before Black Friday,
When a big old wind came,
Barney hit the floor,
No more purple dinosaur! 


I really like when u miss part of the game so the network can show another commercial   


Everybody is somebody's weirdo.  -David I.           


So, anybody know anything about this DeRo fella?  


.   I was being sarcastic. Guess I should have put the  hashtag


I'm astonished that Ryan Mathews is hurt again...that doesn't happen very often!  


 thats the only reason why everyone should learn french 


Guess what I'm doing on Christmas Eve? I'm going to work! Yay me! 


 have the drenching humidity, in abundance, it makes you feel just ducking super. 


  Yea, Tmac never showed up in big games. 


Choke choke choke choke wow I really hate seeing that. 


" Do girls walk around their house half clothed or is that just a guy thing  ...my gma does all da time  


  mate a fresh trim that all it was but you killed it you fucknut 


 did that on purpose just so they could return a kick at the end to win it.     


I feel like posting sarcastic tweets, but its hardly appreciated in these part of the world 


Thx Taco Bell employees 4 screwing up my steak quesadilla by adding a bunch of nasty I onion hunks   


To be in a deep sleep only to be rudely awakened by the sound of construction work is how I like to start off MY morning! 


 is having some issues with the triads... Seems that no one wanna see another   


 the time where he made a really weak hit...oh wait... 


  No, really, he wouldn't withhold information from Australian citizens, would he? Such an honest... 


So impressed by the level of knowledge IT gives us on people's behavior.    


The best thing for Christians to do right now is to rally behind phil robertson and make it feel like its an id vs them thing... 


Pastor at church preaching about the prodigal son today. So there it is. Bobby's coming home.  


Cynthia Tucker: Obama lied after GOP left him no choice   shame on you for making him lie!!  


Only  is allowed to vanish off the face of the earth. Only he's allowed to be blessed with his presence.  


Of course, those are two COMPLETELY unrelated tweets, just to clarify.  


Winter brings out the best in office climate control 


I love when people fill my Instagram feed with pictures of their mediocre looking pets over break 


Know what I love about Christmas?  All the elf on a shelf pics.  Really love it.  Like a lot.   


spilled bowl of cereal, knocked over a water cup at work, and now printed 273 copies instead of 27. This day is going splendid! 


 You can't come back yet! The results show is not til tonight!!  


 and add an extra bit of strain to PSN, causing it to go down for a couple of hours. 


Coming home to an empty house every night is my fav 


Congrats to  this episode had the best representation of "no homo" yet! 


should nationalize food/water production so everybody eats!  (2/2)


Great, Just What Was Needed , LATE BUS. Wow, French first period. Yay. 



We're still just as adorable.      yr old flag football double-header. Snow. 25 degrees. Yay.



Don't you love when your computer restarts for no apparent reason 


A beautiful -28 without the windchill on this fantastic 7am drive to my favorite place, work.  


 I'm guessing your religion just happens to be the one of your ancestors? Seems like a legit reason. 


Can someone come give Me a back massage....yeah..no? Its cool whatever. 


The woman on the SCS advert doesn't take her job seriously 


This Kagawa is absolute shit. Hasnt done anything right. Now i know why Moyes doesnt play him   


Lo de hoy son las nail artists con un minor en photography 


 I wish theyd mention itits so hard to know. 


so you can smoke pot in Colorado but not cigarettes ? Hmm makes sense ... 


Top 10 Reasons You Should Never Write a Will  via  -   


 her cheery spirit is infectious  really all she's done she she got on is complain 


 You don't want a bunch of horribly shot pictures to sell? What's wrong with you?



Of course...and 80% of men are mildly autistic. &lt; CDC: More Than 20% of 14-Year-Old Boys Diagnosed With ADHD   An unprovoked burst of anger from Blake Ferguson... That doesn't sound like him... 


Nothing is more motivating then know your best friend cares about you studying to pass finals 


       I think that might have been  Rich LMAO


Lotsa folks in NY aren't too happy with Carmelo Anthony .. Wonder why?!  


So now a highstick that results in blood is only 2 min when it's the  Super-cool!!!  


How to be a douche

Joke about raping me

Call me a bitch

Call him a stupid Mexican 

But hey! At least you fricken apologized! 


No, that's okay.. I didn't really wanna see you on my birthday, dad. Thanks for trying oh so hard to see me.  


Yay! This is going to be the best Christmas EVER! Thank you to the  for our 12   


Fuck u  I want to watch this in HD    


" Curtis '68' sage passant  Couldn't be top of the league without him
  


Can't wait to watch Ohio St. vs FSU in the National Championship. Gonna be so exciting! 


  I don't see the problem. Why should they have to struggle with the rest of the country?
 


oh $jcp is up......surprise  probably some resistance just short of here, I'll buy more on a check of 9.71 or around there


It's Mayhem    Have fun with that!  I am ..... 


So we can trade Asdrubal now, and move Aviles to shortstop because we have utility infielder David Adams.  


  ((((((because he would TOTALLY do that)))))) 


 what do u think of the draw the US soccer team received in the WorldCup....


Those days when you wake up at 4:40 am and have nothing better to do than tweet  


Can't wait to get stuck attempting to get around town today.   


 I just love how your site is having problems processing orders  I've been on this spinning wheel for 40 minutes now!


 great, so now you hate handicapped people too? Alert the ADA!!!  


 yeah I mean that was just like the .... 


If only they invented a thing where you could send messages in text form back and forth from your phones... 


  You should try using more racial slurs! They don't make you look ignorant, AND they help prove your point! 


Someone called off for third shift tonight. Big surprise there.  


Looks like another massive crowd at   


   Fucking easy group. If it wasn't for FIFA deducting 12 points from us, we'd piss it. 


Thanks for marathoning doctor who all week. I didn't have to get anything. Done.  


So glad that my sister is basically having a party while I am trying to study for finals.   


I didn't want to spend time with my family anyways.... 


I don't think people are being big enough cry babies tonight on twitter . 


The Donald Trump is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much! 


How people use hashtags in  is ridiculous          


Prayed for a nice hot meal &gt;&gt;  &gt;&gt;   


 If you just light it all on fire that could be an effective way to get rid of the snow ;)  


Out of the cold, back in the warm building lol. Wet socks, oh joy. 


Lululemon has such a great PR team  "One Big Fat Problem for These Three Retailers" - Yahoo Finance  with 65 rushing yards v  6th ranked run D &amp; 1st Q isn't over; not sure if they ran for 65 in a game this season 


You literally have to most exciting life. Please, keep making me jealous of your wild lifestyle. 


With this new no tanning until you're 18 law in action idk what I'm gonna do for the next two days  


Let 'em hate, let 'em talk, Arsenal really isn't title contender, yes 


Who needs a vacation when your entire train is a gigantic  ad?      far I used to think Mohun Bagan is a football club  


    Good thing those hard working dc politician got that boarder secured for America's safety.  


Didn't have room for a  hashtag on that last tweet


  hangouts are even more fun when you aren't there ghost.  


I just love waking up in the middle of the night. 


I feel fantastic after eating 3 double buddy burgers and large onion rings from A&amp;W today!    


I love how it takes less than a week for things to change already. 


I forgot 'being real' meant posting anonymously lol  


Glad to see that Briggs' return is having such a big impact on the run defense already  


You got one guy who thinks he knows it all..one guy with a one track mind (me) that my idea will work..yeah that went well together 


Life just keeps getting better and better.  


My parents are looking up hunger games socks for rose and I for Christmas    


 I mean be honest do you really think I followed her?  


Or in other words: Some one shells some one else some where in  ... 
Does it really matter?! 
 


To the people who take mirror selfies with your phones in front of your faces, its not obvious what you're trying to do at all... 


Look...no penalty for helmet to helmet because  says he's not "defenseless".

 *really* cares.   




 What a conquest for the Latino community! 


My morning has been so great I can't help but laugh..  


Egyptians who say "pepol" instead of "people" HAHAHA intu sukkar awi 


Well done Trestman! Go w/ Cutler &amp; 2 ints in 22 minutes. Hadn't been done in last 4 games.  


Oh man I love the Tumblr apps inability to load anything 


  Lebron's ankle must really be bothering him tonight...he's just so tough! 


He can't see this tweet, he is picking up his jock RT  that was some great defense by afflalo!!! 


Wow Brian's back... Knowing family guy I didn't see that coming.... 


Oh and cheers for the recognition Sky, it's all about  credentials and their performance, fuck  they don't matter 


 really? I thought most folk were a big fan of them 


 bhaiya  lo  dialogs awesome chepasav Anthe and mve is awesome 
Comedy ayite pandindi MIND BLASTIC :)


I'm gunna take a break from studying for bio by doing my math hw. Life is great :-) 


Yay for insane lines at Target!   


God has given me the wonderful quality of wearing my emotions on my sleeve.  


Sorry was multitasking couldn't catch it.  RT   I guess I should have added 


Oh my essay for AP English is going sooo well!  


Wow 200 tweets.. I guess I'm a tweetaholic now.. 


My 2nd visitor in 4 weeks...my cup runneth over 


y'all need to stop blowing up my dms lol dang. 


 and my bad was damaged as a result. Thanks again!   rules  thing these offenses are so explosive or this would be boring    


  are we talking about the same George Zimmerman? 


 Nope! I think it needs it's own font  


 yeah thats exactly what you need to do 


Breakfast club before bed! (Insert thumbs up emoticon because I can't use words like an actual person)  


Sleeping times are going to be so off...Can't wait for school!1!1 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


Why thank you snowblower. How nice of you to snap your auger in the face of this giant storm.  


I just love how the smallest things can piss me off  


I almost can't wait to clean my babes puke up on new years. 


 When I walked in the shop, the sign on the door said Open. Now I cant leave, because it says Closed.


I discovered that all of my kids are allergic to doing dishes. Wow what are the odds of that? 


Dad, I don't think the tv is loud enough you should turn it up louder... 


 Nothing warms the bones more than waking up on Nov 23rd to Xmas music in the kitchen 


Thank you, Shape magazine for explaining how a hockey game works in their Olympic preview...I would have expected this from Cosmo.. 


Dang it! I really thought Nebraska was gonna get the  recruit in the nation! 


Thank god Ashlee brightens up my day with her bitchy ness 


waking up and feeling like complete crap is great seriously 


  and I suppose next you'll tell me Libya is ready to return to pre-civil war oil production levels soon? 


Good News for the Intellectually Disadvantaged
     


Oh my god you're such a badass look at you.  


Thank you  checkout girl for being kind enough to throw my biscuits at my tins, that helped 


Funny when people they say have no money but still doing stuff... Must be a hidden money tree somewhere 


My perception of time is impeccable, let me tell you  


Love how one integral question takes up half a page  


Oh is it almost 2014? I didn't notice cause I was busy with finals /O\  


I can't wait to watch football on Sunday and not care about fantasy football.  


 well...glad we're playing to his strengths... 


There's nothing better than going over to Olean to see a movie with your family on a Saturday night 


Shock. Horror! Barlow and Williams singing could this be magic with Barry manilow.... You can't write this shit 


I love how Rockets fans don't fill up the Toyota Center till the end of the 1st quarter  


Seriously so thankful to be at the Y right now    if the tickets start costing less how can the teams afford the million dollar player salaries? 


Kirk Ferentz can drop f-bombs on TV whenever he wants. Classy guy at a classy school.  


I wish someone on Facebook would post a picture of the sunset. 


  lol no they should have stuck with the original, it was so much more meaningful!! 


Thank goodness you've been tweeting, I thought you died. 


Looks like I'll be spending Christmas in Ozark....   


 Oh, no, when I snapchat you specifically I don't want you to snap me back. Oh no.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I would be so lost it it weren't for these letters!     a lot for the ride home, followers. I was counting on you. 


This is exactly what I bought  for: when my neighbors blaze and the smell leaches under my door. 


Cop:"Fake US Marshall, fake credit cards. Is there anything about you that's real?"
Dean: "My boobs." 
  


 they got a bargain! He wanted 160 mil  


 My guess is that  throws in  Klefbom against  for his  debut. Good guess  


 Oh, the kid from scott county community high school in scott city iowa??  


Ok so there is a show called the rich kids of beverly hills?? really? Oh that will boost my self esteem 


Haha I so totally don't need an external hard drive.      So many people to text at once can't handle it 


Nice to see how many people ship them even if they havent announce anything yet 


Some people can just be so nice, real friendly and all 


 this happened yesterday. Where have you been? Lol   drowned her sorrow last night in 10 layer jello :)


Woman got pictures where they are literally naked on twitter but be like "Respect Me" or "Boss Life"...oh its so cute. 


Wow i should copyright this line "galat ko galat bolounga par khud galat nahi banounga" who knows "koi" apne film mei daal de  


So glad I traded Chris Johnson 5 minutes before the game tonight 


My great athletic ability always shows when I'm running up stairs  


 Thinks Cahill &amp; Dawson are better than Smalling.??shows how much you know Hodgson..&amp; SAF?  


Hey I know, to show our disgust with the DNC let's not vote at all in 2014, it did so well for the nation in 2010 


Are RTs for RT'ing things you like? Or for RT'ing people you want to crack on so u can feel like a hipster? 


Wait someone got shot while playing the knock out game? I am soo shocked! 


i absolutely love how my parents support my youtube channel and the work i try to do on the internet 


So I ask for a little help, and all I got was nothing...  


Three classes later my prof is still going on about the same question... And still hasn't explained the answer.   


its suuuper humble to tweet about your birthday. 


Looking forward to another  I'm sure tonight will be class and definitely not an anticlimax! 


So now the  is a "spirit squad" not cheerleaders. That makes a huge difference.   


I hope Sturridge plays this well on Saturday 


Like do I need to  in every tweet that I'm being sarcastic in?


To all my Northern friends, be jealous! That's right, we have snow and lots of it!    is just what I do all day long, just tweet. 


Last Friday night in Bismarck is all I hoped it would be!  


.  so we solve it by screwing up the 85% health plans, ok makes sense. 


I love how if you touch the QB its considered roughing the passer  


Can't wait to show coach how in shape I am on Thursday!   


Omg, the wind has blown a packet of crisps, I don't know how a train can survive with a climate like that! They should cancel! 


Women being harassed in their own homes are warned to be more vigilant. Great advice  


 Christmas music, plastic reindeer, and Black Thursday... 


Everybody is just getting in, and in getting up. I love working I do 


Great start to my 20th birthday! Spent all night having an absolute blast.... Doing homework... Time for a nap before my classes 


It's happened. I finally got sick. Thank goodness I had nothing fun planned today at all. 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."  haha just like you :O


 and  should team up and make a phone called the 
  


It is just awesome we have school on monday!!!! 


Lol, imagine if you had to wait till you're 21 to drink alcohol. 


And i have to drive to my cousins house an hour away ?! Omg this is gonna be so fun ! 


 sadly, no. Our bus just drove by - my kids aren't on it. But you know, roads aren't THAT bad 


Peggle2 drops on the XBone Monday.  This is clear justification for buying a nextgen console. 


 thank u for exploring other ways for me to enjoy your establishment besides half-priced food. 


6 hour editing sessions are funnnnn  but  but  Love/hate relationship with TV production.


Everybody loves drunken calls at this time of the morning, don't they?  Let's see how she likes it when I'm up for work at 6:30.


Yes, thank you  for diagnosing Manziel with 6 possible injuries 


 But the Browns have one of the greatest GMs in professional football! 


Did it snow in NYC last night?  and is it cold out?    


Hot and sweltering in Happy Valley!     State College  going to get it in because guys are just lined up to fuck me. 


I guess I better get back to responding to all 0 of these messages I've got. 


You go food shopping when you're high and you come back with this shit      opposition is just sabotaging all Moyes bcos he's Scottish. In 4 years time He will be the best coach Manu ever had! 


Well this day is just getting better and better  


Tom Daley is Gay? Wow definitely never saw that coming, who knew.  he's still a dick


 you are confusing actual earnings (2013) and estimated earnings (2014, with built-in exuberant optimism) 


 That 1st round pick for TRichmond is looking better &amp; better...


This storyline just keeps getting better and better.    


&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I am beautiful. Too much for everyone to handle. 


What? No it's totally fine. I didn't want to be invited anyway. 


 omg she's soooo ugly - being former Miss Missouri and all. So gross.  


Nothing beats being at work all day and coming home to be asked to make dinner for tonight and do tons of baking for tomorrow, yay. 


" The  Monday Night Football open is stupendous. I don't miss Hank Williams or the smashing helmets one bit." 


  he has an extensive crim rec. 4 traffic and 1 littering tickets. Thank you LEO.  


Darryl Sutter remains one of the most personable coaches on earth 


Its a balmy 33 degrees here in the sprawling metropolis of Manchester NH.  


" My butthole will never forgive me for eating so much chili this week.   tis y ppl shuldnt eat  chili 


Well I had a fantastic day. I mean crying at work was by far the highlight of it all   


I absolutely love bashing my way through a textbook for 2 weeks straight &amp; not having a fucking clue what it means. 


 The daily struggle. Haha!!!    


FYI- Candy Cane Chapstick is life changing.  


Yep your so cool just cause you can talk bad on the internet. Man I wish I was that cool. 


You're asleep. I'm awake. Because I can't get that stupid conversation about who I'm crushing on out of my head. Thank you 


Thanks to whoever (1) broke the kid's divider and (2) destroyed the upstairs and made a huge mess. We appreciate it. 


Would like to thank  for a fantastic gym session last night after 2 weeks off. Feel like I could run a marathon   


Sassy!!!!  she's a trip!
I LOVE Em's spirit!  Maybe work on her shyness??? Hahaha! 


Racism against Asians? Naw! For reals? No way!   Jesus. I'll put a dirty great  after my tweets shall I for thick lads who have nothing better to do than moan at strangers.


Gee, I wish I could find someone whos tweeting their Coin referral link.   


A morning spent on technical difficulties. Both thrilling and productive. 


I just got IDed for Christmas crackers. I suppose it's due to the recent rise in nail clipper killings amongst teenagers 


 Wow, you really know how to make a girl feel on top of the world, don't ya? 


  he is keeping an eye on them!!! Sorry I had to say it :-D  lol rotflmfao an eye


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


The wicket looking in tip-top condition    a good day begins to draaaag on...  


I'm so excited to be at work right now        ..,,.



Yeah, my internet programming group would  to come into school tomorrow on  break to do our project! 


The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up. 


   yeah because what we have on the court right now is soo good we dont need him 


Yay it's going to feel like minus 20 tonight  


I just love when a 3 hour layover turns into a 6 hour layover....   


Yea right "   oh yes cuz somebody gon pick me up from da north and take me back.  lol"


Clearly we need Car Control laws as no one needs a fast car and all they do is kill.  Ban fast cars!   


I'm surrounded by such great people everyday...



Naseema's feminist tweets have been on-point today   


Male pill keeps sperm 'in storage'  RW won't like this technology. Safe sex is such social problem 


 I'm sure you're crushed!  A lot of their reports seem like things that are opinion pieces.


Isn't puking up stomach acid so much fun?  


Apparently the conditions at the waca are different. You wouldn't know with the commentary team  


What a beautiful sight seeing drive home  


Avoid confrontation to enjoy delusion! 

 


Dang, I don't think my break could get anymore funnnn! 


  cuz ya know, if you don't share a belief it means you're stupid. seems legit.  jsyk


Watching a very interesting and stimulating video about water in hydrogeology, definitely enjoying this 


Professorin ist mal wieder top vorbereitet und googelt 'YouTube'    


I've had a good eight hours of sleep, if you combine all the hours I've slept this week. Yay. 


It's gunna be 1 degree at 7am.... That really makes me want to go to my 8 am....      development in my life: I shake uncontrollably when I'm super nervous.  


    A libertarian with terrible cell phone reception? SHOCKER! 


Well, this is an awful start to the trip    can't they call All Gore for help? I mean he invented the internet after all... 


I feel sorry for cam's socks.  RT  The sky is officially falling in Carolina. (via   b'day mz andy... WUATB !!
Doaku -&gt; smga langgeng ma mb ranti 


Finally... Thanks for showing up.
   


If i were a BBM or ED student wouldnt even bother graduating.eager to graduate yet havent been to any lecture 


Pretty stoked about getting 3 hours of sleep before work 


hey everyone should share that Bigfoot picture on Facebook because it's real. 


I guess I had plans on Sunday I didn't even know about!   


 who uses tape anymore? Cheap ass McCaskeys. 


  good job (y) I hope you're proud of yourself  


 is my first language. English is my second. I'm bilingual! 


How did Heatley, Brodziak, Spurgeon, and Fontaine not make Team Canada? How can you snub these guys?!  This is what you sound like.


  Cracking double English tomorrow guys, are you as excited as me?!  


Crying so much my face is all puffy and swollen; great   


Luca Cereda didn't make the Swiss team? That's BS. Heard Burke comment he doesn't have a regular heartbeat in his body  


 According to multiple reports, the Redskins are expected to fire Mike Shanahan tonight or Monday" ME:  How come? 


aww New Year's Eve will be good working till 1 in the morning    


 haha thanks austin... thanks -.- thanks for putting it on twitter -.- 


Its snowing out? Would never have guessed.  What would I do without you. 


College tomoz :/ How I've missed hard work -_-   


I never knew so many of my social media friends were meteorologists, thanks for all the updates and posts on the weather 


Do take your time loading. I enjoy this slow connection more than any amount of Oreos.  


Young people can't wait to become teachers.Teachers don't work very hard, get great compensation and are highly respected by gov. 


  2 bogus calls one play. Just what we need in football, more judgement calls.  get richer


 It is the best video in the world  


 I hope that in your next song, you won't repeat the same thing 20 times. 


  a Michigan Man like Harbaugh sniffs at Texas 


 words cannot explain how much I miss your crazy threshold and overload endurance sets. I'm lost without them. 


It's been a "burdened by your blessings" kind of day thanks for that  you never let me down 


 thanks for inviting me mom    


  Quality journalism I see there...so proud I come from that town 


So things went this way, yesterday without brakes, today everybody fuck me with no mercy &amp; now tomorrow will be a better day!!! 


If I could just see every person who makes me feel uncomfortable this weekend that would be neat 


I honestly can't wait for Pretty Little Liars tonight and I know  is just as excited  


The view from my crazy New Year's Rockin' Eve.    to  for throwing a water bottle at my face today. I appreciate it.   


Love how you haven't texted me all day, it's hot. 


Sign Brandon Myers to a contract extension...touchdown in 3 straight games   


at least I get to work with sunshine tonight..  


 it's been such a blast giving people their holiday meals   it would be a good day when I got out of bed and immediately busted ass onto the floor 


When ohio state plays a decent team they lose  


2day I plan on doing a bit more than absolutely nothing. I may sit up &amp; update my iPad. Seriously tho: don't know what I gona do. 


 so yea, no phone call, no text.....you like thee bestest best friend ever  


 is an Art !! 
And there are very few good Artist in this field!!
Baaki sab Bakwaas!! 


."  dies do you think the House will convene to remember his passing?  many faces does DC have?


Oh my gosh! Is it December? I couldn't fucking tell. 


I love when people tag me in pictures on Facebook 


Sure, I'll accept your Foursquare friend request. I love it when total strangers know where I am at all times! 


United fans are good and speak a lot of sense,reasonable people who you can have proper arguments with and are realistic 


PM outlines '50 energy bill cut' - paid for by tax payers, and not the Energy Firms :\    Neil Schauers in Gunnison, Utah, I missed you giving me all your possessions on tradio 


Of course I don't need money to go out tonight... would much rather stay home and write law essays 


So uh apprently court vision is big part of being a PG  


 "I felt so lonesome I most wished I was dead." reminds me of something...hmm...   


 And that's why they do every assignment that you are given. :P 


There's nothing better than feeling like you're never good enough!  


 It's the methane in permafrost that really worries me. But we don't really need to worry about climate change. 


Mr.Orra is going to be so proud of me when he sees my physics written 


Looks like the bus will be full. Even better, lots of kids. 


Because watching YouTube clips is a valuable use of my time 


Checking on other stuffs when theres an exam on another is just smooth... real smooth 


 Well, they already had their guy in TRich, right?  Weeden was just gravy! 


Couldn't ask for better road conditions out of ND.    That's impossible. No one invited me. 


"Hey Christi, did you hear about the typhoon in the Philippines???" noooooooooo, I TOTALLY haven't  


 ok alex... Im sure you are right that ALL helmet to helmet contact is a penalty 


When your throat hurts so much its a struggle to get meds down THATS when you know its gonna be a great day   


OK,guys,Ignore and relax.Another absolute BS from some crazy..Yea..sure.and I have info that Sean is not real. LOL


Slab leak in my little boys bedroom=flooded closet...Oh yeah, livin' the dream  


"Bryce Petty is a virgin" sign. Whoa - clever and insulting. 


Hey every single girl ever I appreciate you coming to me for advice on your relationship with a guy I really enjoy giving advice 


And I can't sing because it's not raining anymore.. Such a shame,My neighborhood can't listening me,singing with my beautiful voice 


To whoever broke my favorite cup... Thanks a bunch  


Your Igwifey seems like a sweet girl,  happy for you.  


hmmm FS1 showing supercross but wait FS1 doesn't care about race fans 


I like when people go on hiatus but they still come back. 


 Too little. 20 years/$600 million  M's will regret that deal by July. 


Housing affordability eroding, RBC says  No, really? 


Nothing to do and my ravens are losing  


Got ah zillion assignments to do, and majority of um are maths my most favorite subject in the world....


Shout out to all my boyfriends who made me their    


Let's not make this 

- What I say when I make it Weird.
     


hey I just wanted to ask twitter, do we have school tommorow? 


Weathermen are always so accurate!! Great job today guys   


 Not buying anything from you, ever. Hope the internet is kind to you.   2  dinner is figured out!    -&gt; Eating cotton balls to lose weight,  2nite  11  again, Tony Romo comes through when it counts!   


IBM can decipher your personality from 200 of yourtweets --- but how is  analyzed?   via 


Love it when people say, "Watch yourself!" AFTER you've already hurt yourself.  


At the gym.          them white nurse shoes though&gt;&gt;&gt; every guy loves em 


That long sarcastic laugh before you say NO!...


Good luck Auburn, may the odds be ever in your favor.   RTR


 You know what I love? Listening to ads while waiting on hold. It's not obnoxious at all  


 I better warn my cousin she just used an "outdated" name for one of her twin girls, maybe it's not too late 


Beyond "air quotes". Haha. This make me laugh so hard.     yeah, and iv been know to write a paper is so too. Of course it's all blindly liberal because hey, it's public school 


 you are the most unsarcastic and serious man ever 


Well I can tell  is totally loving this winter weather!



Where have all these perfect people come from all of a sudden?  


 I like how you do PBP but never put the score 


Sounds like winter formal is the place to be lol 


  And Dylan. And a music box with (probably) another retcon attached to it. What a respectful legacy!  


Richard Cohen: "The GOP is not racist. Also some GOPers puke in their mouths if they see a biracial couple. I'm a genius." 


OOPS did i forget to tell you how much I  didn't care? 


I just love how the counslers tell you that transcripts need a week before they're sent out.   


Nothing gets me going more than a 3 hour meeting to start the day.   


well this exam should be interesting, my brain has officially turned off. good thing its biology! 


I wonder why state has new grass at midfield?   


Love how my "best friend"  just ditched me tonight. Really appreciate it girl.  


*by pissing OFF his neighbors. (A good way to protect your citizens is to make sure your neighbors hate you, right? 


If someone works out but doesn't tweet about it, did they really workout? 


Uwe Rosler? But he isn't Ian Holloway. No banter, no hilarious post-match comments. Don't know what you're doing Whelan.  


Time for another great night of  at  lol  oh well atleast iv got  football to look forward to tomorrow!!


Women say they love a man in a uniform but when I go clubbing in my Macdonald's "outfit" they're not interested...


It's so cold cold in the house, I may have icicles hanging from my nose. May go outside to warm up. 


Me: -sits down to eat salmon- dad: lectures me in mercury poisoning. Thanks dad. My appetite is still in tact  sigh 


 good point. dont forget hedley at haltime  


Get a grip on Edwin Santora. The Twisted Trilogy.       


 I mean I don't want to insult U of A's "All American" too much. He is superior to every person on this earth 


I just love when two people text me 8 message long story about how crappy  there days were.. Makes my night just wonderful. 


Waitso a Duck Dynasty guy said something homophobic and racist? Im shocked. 


My, my. What lovely weather we're having... "Feels like -5*"     Austin is so hot like omg"  you hate me


 it's all Romo's fault, he sucks in December 


It's always nice to show someone affection and have them act like they don't care. Feels so good. 


 folks in Cleveland see this all the time. Nothing to worry about Packers fans. It's all good! 


I guess this PR firm doesn't know about the  !! What a pitch. Damn.... If any other day.   I just love how people send me pictures of parties I wasn't invited to :)  


Cabaye  fans.. Twitter would surely miss ya   


 it's LIKE a metaphor, except it uses "LIKE" or "as" 



Awesome I get to enjoy skiing and working in like -40 weather tomorrow.  


 Sometimes I wonder why so many people text me. 


I feel really sorry for the West Ham fans that travelled to that game!  


Pretty sure we're sitting in front of thee loudest and quite possibly, most obnoxious Boston fans.  


The term that seems to be displacing  is  online audience optimization. Another buzzy acronym, Yay!     a little disappointed I wasn't mentioned. 


So glad I just got ready for work then realized I don't work 


I hate when people don't understand my  . They ruin everything..


 I don't know I shouldn't  be allowed near books ever again it's killing meee I HATE BOOKS 


I QUIT CHRISTMAS K BYE SEE YOU IN 2014.     


 Oh my. You're so dangerous. I'm so terribly scared. 


 Word of the Day is "Moomin"? Umm... Yeah, I see how I can use that one.  


So, bout to be dog-sitting when my mom, sister and grandma go all the way into town... Yaaay... 


My correlations trump your randomized double-blind controlled trials 


The death of Brain Griffin is so sad. I mean it is really terrible that the animators stopped drawing him. 


 Yr  Tw aligned me wi anti-dis. rights. But dinna fash, Illl get over it. Anyway, sarcasm's the sincerest...


Well it feels great knowing I'm not that important to someone who's important to me.  


because I am from new orleans, I can only listen to jazz, blues, swamp pop &amp; zydeco.  


Welllp College Biology studying was a success     


ok so today was suuuuuuper exciting hence the heavy influx of tweets by me 


Supposed to snow Tuesday now... More shoveling=fun 


Nothing is more fun then working with my dad 


Guess what Louis Walsh has 2 acts in the final  as if we didn't know 


" if you need someone to make your day call  :)   


 Yes, please pray for me. I know God is REALLY MAD at me for listening to secular music  


Never delete code, always just comment it out and leave it.  


Darn. I really wish I could have took some new years eve pics!!!XD 


  yeah but he wouldn't always be off on made up adventures..which is so much worse 


  It's so wrong how the rich don't pay taxes. 


TY inconsistent &amp; out of tune hummer who distracted me during my fav songs at  


Lmbao haha          Gives new meaning 2 the term "Snake-Bite" doesn't it? 


 not gonna lie... I missed your attitude.  


I'd like to give a massive thank you to  for getting the song "A little party never killed nobody" stuck in my head. 


 It's a shame the raises in the minimum wage since then have completely killed the department store industry. 


Good thing I only have seven hours left on my shift and I'm not tired 


Way to go Mapleton: 7, snow, and having school!    


Day 5, Diary of a fuzzy cunt. Feels like I haven't wanked my canine cock for weeks, what with FA being in read only mode. 


Please tell me everything you think you know..        for reminding us Case that you need a good QB in order to win as well.  


   Whatever shall I do?  From EMPIRE's gopher boy to  World Champion &amp; you make threats.


I just love my phone sooo much   


A white version of Snoop Dogg just came to the door at my office. The day is off to an awesome start. 


Who would've thought  would be good this year?  RT  Two additional Pacers games have been added to  schedule.


My RA is so sweet. He plays rap music very loudly every night for me to fall asleep to.  


My opinion? On what? You? Depends on what you've said to me, why? He did what? Good for him! You called me names so I don't care! 


How awesome is it when conversations just stop, but you really want to talk? So great 




 Oh, great. Another mystery is just what I need 


"U.K. Trident Missile Life-Extension Annual Cost to Rise to $60 Million" Only millions?   didnt make the England side, but he's shortlisted for international scrum-half of the year.. cos that makes sense eh! 


Really appreciate all the people who never texted me with their name  


After I get a haircut when people say "You got a haircut." I just freak out and start feeling my head like I didn't even notice 


someone please make this day a little worse. 


thanks  for getting my into K pop  


  I only follow Wildcats that can go yard. 


Going to Rome for the most rainy four days of the year today, obviously planned this, I love rain!   


 maybe they spent all their budget on the electric deltawing? 


You can tweet but not answer back...   


Thanks for RANDOMLY stopping by and giving me food guys!      damn the cowboys have a trio if worthy QB's Romo, Orton and Kitna  


  Salamat ha. Yung mga gustong-gusto ko talaga eh. 


that's just fucking great. thank you.  jeeezz...


Lol this is so thoughtful        the USA are out of the World Junior Championships   


Kirk Cousins is going to start instead of RGIII.  


So apparently Bieber is retiring from music. Such a shame, he was so talented 


Why would Tomlin ever want to leave when he gets to work side by side with the great Todd Haley. 


Yay! I freakin love winter weather!! Especially love working on Sundays! Stupid snow &amp; ice! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 tell me again how we are better without   


Mission; Purchase all Christmas
gifts having not ChokeSlammed
half of Cardiff..

'tis not even humorous how much I dost LoveToShop! 


  Wow! I didn't know women were a race! You learn something new everyday 


I just love that my boyfriend has my back when it comes to his family :/ 



I would love to spend the rest of my day fixing a leaky pipe issue in the bathroom!   


" woke up with a beaut of a cold on the day i'd set aside to do work " MUST BE FUCKING AWFUL! 


   the only thing that makes sense, is Air Canada has its office closed on weekend 


feeling frustrated with the city at the moment, especially when it comes to the city transit   athletes drink a lot of sugary sodas  MT " here's a vintage Michael Jordan Coke ad   YES because roads belong to cars and others are only tolerated near them 


Soo excited to go to Verizon tomorrow.  Only the 4th time in 3 weeks. 


You can't return presents to The Bay and get your money with a gift receipt. No one told consumers. Thanks.  


I have to wrap all of these by tomorrow morning. ... Yay...    i was in a good mood. Thanks for ruining it.   


Getting Joel's Xmas prezzie well this shouldn't be difficult 


      you guys have no sense of it, huh?


Yay, awake at 5am after going to sleep at 1130pm  


 recalled their donkey meat from china cuz they mixed it wit other meats... dats wut u hav a problem wit? 


 how about this plan Gruden leaves for Washington then trades RG3 for "his guy"Dalton, A kid can dream right? 


Got to work on my birthday and my car is buried in snow yayy! 


Cigarettes in both hands, that's attractive 


 As he should - because the Tea Party caused all our problems 


So, the decision for me to switch dorms was made for me.. I just Love my roommates!! 


Such a great way to start of my morning, by getting sick  


God has decided to grace us with this beautiful weather -.-  


 geez is preparing for a playoff game really that important?  


Great coaching by McCarthy to allow that play clock to run all the way down. 


Isn't it a wonderful feeling?  RT  Awake at the soul gutting hour of 2:45 AM.


Wowzer, my plate is overflowing with wedges  , all 4 of them   have the most mature girlfriend in the world.   


Finally, I've been waiting for two moths!        the preds played good on Thanksgiving. 


 Thanks! You don't look cold or anything... 


 That's secret - just like FISA Court rulings! Gotcha! 


Really looking forward to a full week of work during Christmas week  


This just in...Climate Change is a thing.   no wonder  answers your questions way he do,    


Subtweeting is a great way to communicate a point 


Christmas Eve playing FIFA.. YAY!!          to everyone who volunteered to go Christmas shopping with me today...  


You're kidding right?  RT  Again... is sooooo good!!!


 I wonder how they'll deal with the elements next week ?  


A lot of people have great grammar now days 


 going in the no huddle dink and dunk offense. Thank god... 


If someone could hulk-smash into my shoulders so they wouldn't hurt... 


A 3 and a half page essay on the economic crisis in Ireland in Irish what more could you possibly want   


Now everyone loves the packers. True fans Green Bay has true fans 


wow can't wait to sit through a two hour fourth grade Christmas concert tonight that should be fun:-) 


Spurs fans want Capello. Yeah, because he will bring beautiful football 


OMG....it's 52 degrees now in Florida....please help us......brrrrr. 


Can hardly believe  has joined  for 2014! Never saw that coming! 


Oh, good...  *sigh* RT  Huge winter storm to bring near-blizzard conditions to Northeast  joy. Internet Explorer has updated on my computer. 


Dez Bryant is such an amazing team player  


 I picked the latter...I though, why go somewhere when I could continue to do absolutely zero today.   


This day just keeps gettin better and better  


   he's still the best in the NFL. But I get one night as a fan to have fun. 


Sekalian jay bisa PK / battle request RT  Seandainya twitter ada tombol buat dislike,,, 


Just sitting here watching food network and feeling like puking  


Sucks I have school tomorrow... that whole hour and a half is really gonna kill...  


Pulled a muscle in my side from these coughing fits  


 says he would ban son from football || America will miss your imaginary athletic son on the gridiron Bob.  


Forget  performing for  in  how could they show a NAZI in love!?  


Yea can't tell nuggets daddy played soccer or anything... 


iMessage, it's ok that you're not working it's not like I care 


 Maybe one day I will watch a movie that goes platinum just like you 


Omg I didn't know it was VIP night at wonderland, they've only let about 12 people in - I'm so lucky!!! 


I also don't like the word, 'critique'. Is it not just easier to say, "you were shit!"?  


Great way to start off the morning when my car won't start!!!  


Got to be up early for the midwife:( excited for a morning of being stabbed with a needle more times than a pin cushion again. Yay 


Oh sure, I change the station at work &amp; the first song is Candle in the Wind. Thanks for the pick me up I was looking for 90s on 9 


I'm so sorry for being sarcastic. I feel bad about it. 


Oh goody. I get to spend the rest of my break sick. Fantastic.   


The world makes more sense now! :) -   vs   cute how you thinks its funny to b a douche bag...


what beautiful weather to go back to school to 


Does anything else want to add to this amazing day I'm having?. 


 but sometimes we need to share good news!! 


 Are you telling me Daryl isn't real!?!   


  Yes, if I were 2 describe any organisation involving Swift it would b non "partisan".  


Biasalah org bodoh suka nak bodohkan org    Kesian you kena bodoh bagai. Aduh tak faham dengan orang camni."


 winning the qb battle against a 3rd stringer...  


It's too early to be at work... my pardon my  :-)


Pattern, confeccion... I will have a great Christmas...    


This is my first day off in 6 days, and it's gonna be raining all day..thanks Mother Nature..


The chain of command at  is just awesome! So glad I have a 500 dollar preorder with you. 


Tweeting won't make ur problems go away.....doing smthin abt it might insead 


Yay, I've become a victim of identity theft!  Thanks Macy's for doing shit job at preventing  just gonna point out the obvious and say it's as hot as an Arizona summer outside... 




Wow it's too bad the saints lost on the road... Haha 


Yes, Id love to read more articles written by men about why there are no women in tech &amp; why women shouldnt learn to code. 


 That is why I couldn't drop you off or pick you up from school. Wait, I did! 


I'm glad you read my messages then don't text back. 


I'm just here ya know. I'm not the guy who will treat you right 


And this might be one of my favorite things today!    laughing so hard  "Oh, I didn't know social media was true..." - Nikki Bella    


CNN's primetime lineup is terrible. Who better than Jeff Zucker to fix it?  


This man on question time should try and speak slower  


All day drama tomorrow is going to be perfect... 


 um Nate you're tuff with 88 followers or something? It's a joke bro 


And who knew so many ppl were professional photographers at capturing snow in its beauty 


I can see why some fans are angry with they Rogers/NHL Media deal. They're afraid of losing quality segments like 'the quiz' 


Laura Ingraham on  after playing a clip of  interview with  "That was a tough interview." 


 Jon Kitna will make $55,294 to be the 3rd string QB for the Cowboys this week. Shoulda got Brett Favre IMO 


Huge shout out to  for not being bitter at all that my team just beat his!!    


 I heard they signed that kid Brooks from the SEC halftime competition.  Is this true???  


10 minutes on hold.. Nice service    


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


She asked me what I wished for on my wish list/have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches? Ahh Kanye you are a lyrical genius 


Good to see the Thames barrier being raised. I'm sure that's going to be a big help when the bad weather hits SW England. 


I love seeing the same tweet by 20 different accounts  


Lol if I'm not better in 24 hours I get to go to the ER. Thank you to my lovely kidneys. You two are the best.  


Yeah, no don't bother to tell me you guys are playing soccer again. Not like I wanted to play 


   nobody reads my tweets anyway. 


 I didn't realize a upper respiratory infection, impedes you from playing any Defense   


seriously this gloomy ass weather could not have come at a better time.   


Watching live streaming of LI PT and I must say Steve DeRose really needs to stop looking constantly like he is in panic mode.  


Well I'm certainly enjoying this hangover   


Super excited to wake up in about 5 hours  


Nice to know I'm all alone and can only rely on myself, because that's every girls fantasy. No friends, no life, it's perfect  


Glad I didn't get to see Jeremy once this weekend  


Take your age and add 5 to it.. This is your age in 5 years.
  


    As soon as  is back,bale will take a back foot and d master will continue


 Oh... You needed the  hashtag going on there. LOL


 it's cold and snowing outside! Perfect fall weather!     they just haven't tried OUR system yet!  

as  says- 'We were experts on childrentill we had them'


Is it cold today? I haven't seen any tweets today about it  Make ths most of it dress warm &amp;  :) 


24% done with Connected, by Kim Karr: She should talk more about how insanely attractive and hot River is...    I may be able to make every game haha 


Damn Auburn and Missouri's defense are really really good. 


Christmass shopping for all the little devils in my family     


Why sure I love seeing a deer strapped to the hood of a truck first thing in the morning.  


  not full passing without taking customers at bus stop. Magnificent, nay, platinum grade customer service 


Ref made a great call on PK...3 sec AFTER play was dead!!!  


Texas pride... highest number of alcohol related deaths, second year in a row.  Reigning champs!  Threepeat?  


Perks of dating a chef. You always have to cook. 


Her phone keeps going to vm and I dropped my phone in tequila so no one can hear me  


If you're the youngest in the family, congratulations! You've been designated the family punching bag. 


I'm so glad for some people. They have the answers to everything. Thank God you're here. 


Yes  clearly  is a unbiased as the ABC!   


Way to make me feel good about myself. I can always count on you to do that.  


Suppose i better go to the hospital and wait like 5 hours to find out if they want to cut me open.  


 The Hawks have a drop in attendance? I never would have fathomed it. 


 your baseball IQ needs some improvement. How dare you think DatBumBP is not best Red ever  wow, 


It was The Drop Inn's  meal last night. Big thanks to all. Feel  this morning  :)


Complain a little louder? I can't hear every syllable.  


 oh yeah cause they deserved it  Some restraint


Nothing like stepping on a fucking piece of glass to get a Friday night GOIN'.  


Gonna take the time to thank  for picking such a cracking film for me and  to watch   


Oh you know I love interpreting IR, 1H-NMR, and 13C-NMR spectra.    


Wkd is the staple drink of teenagers &amp; tarts. Why on earth an ber sensible &amp; dignified woman like me is drinking it i don't know! 


Dismissing school early is the best way to calm 7th graders. 


 I did miss you  like it wasn't the same without you , it would have been more fun if you were there.. 


I feel so much safer now bikies are banned from group sex in public. Good work Newman for looking after the important things. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Let it snow or let it rain? Just pick one but not both at the same time! Hahaha :) "happy" tuesday everybody! 


"Oh I love Michael Kors!" "Oh! Did he take you to lunch or something?" Thanks for the  mom...  


Come on guys let's get another Field Goal !   


Ah! Christmas music in the stores, already. Gotta love it! 


Got my period in the middle of a customer's orderalways fun times at work.   


Thanks for ignoring me...it makes me feel so good (((: 


 She was drinking remember, that excuses everything 


Because that worked out so well in the Soviet Union...    cousin wanted to follow me on twitter. Lolno I'm too embarassed.     


Well this night turned out exactly how i planned it would 


Trying to spike the ball w/ the clock running to 0 and down 18. That is when u could have used that timeout u burned on a kickoff. 


It's been snowing since yesterday and isn't going to stop any time soon  


I just saw a Thanksgiving commercial? WHAT? Somebody is actually recognizing it!?!?  It's not Christmas yet guys


I'm fully of all sorts of friendly tweets today. 


Absolutely LOVE when my mom moves my shit around.. 


The half pound of turkey and fourth pound of ham I bought on Sunday is gone. Don't worry I ate it all myself.  


These SEC teams are way and beyond than where the B1G is playing right now! Let's hear that SEC chant!! 


 Is it against etiquette on New Years to have a recovery day on the first instead of starting my workout regimen?  


 commercial: Yes, I will take my technology advice from an 80 year old and someone who rips people off for a living 


Good thing Rutgers is going to deliver the B1G that NYC television market, because they sure as hell can't play football. 


Thank God I finished my paper, and tomorrow I will be starting a new one YAYYYYYYY  


 Hey Troy Aikman said it was a good timeout.  He played in the NFL, you didn't  


I know one birthday present I'll be getting; my damn PERIOD! Thanks, mother nature!  


  veeeeeery gooooood coffee. Of course. 


it's really awesome to know that my twitter unfollows people itself. hello  like srsly? Twitter? was wrong with ya? -.-


I need a detailed description of the clothes, so i can avoid wearing them.    


It's too bad the  isn't living up to the hype.  


 But it's not all wrapped up in Bud Light ads! How will people know they sell Bud Light?! 


  that's clearly beside the point b/c Dodd/Frank has eliminated the need for future bailouts 


Right, time to straighten my hair, wooo!  


You know how I like to spend my weekend? Doing AP Stat homework! OMG it is sooooo much fun! 


Try saying "thanks a bunch" sincerely. It cannot be done! 


I'm glad our boss has emailed us to let his employees know what time to be at work tomorrow, after 2 weeks off.  


Lazy scores and geno finds a good time to take a penalty 


Ah it's nice to be back to good ole securewireless  


Wait, you mean sending a woman a picture of your dick isn't the best way to get her to sleep with you? No way!




Everybody says sh*t happens, but don't you hate it when there is no toilet paper!!!



"Are you sleeping?" "No, I'm training how to die.." 


Up at 6.30 for school tomorrow! I can't wait.   to everyone in my art class for telling me we had art tomorrow  


You post pics of half naked young women?  Aren't you such a man! 


Yes. The Seahawks have been absolutely crippled in the secondary the past two seasons when Browner has been hurt/suspended. 


Now I have to park 56 km away. Honestly you guys rock. Like really you are just the nicest people.  


My weekend keeps getting better and better!!! 


Funniest and realest shit I've seen !!!       sure LeBron will get the final shot.     up 3 late.


My husband: You mean there's another movie about that kid death-match? Bummer I have to work this weekend and will miss it... 


 glad that Matt Millian is on the call, you know, for his key insight  


Here we go again God

We showed up so stop judging me for the tweets.
    


In other news, my Christmas break - which lasted 5 days - is over. Back to work tomorrow. I'm so incredibly excited. 


Kharghar to Kalyan.
Kalyan to Kharghar.
A day b4 d test.
Cuz studies bitch,
Fuck the rest.
 


Christmas spirit 

Hahah &amp; cuz ur daddy' lovesss red   game today I am totally going to play     


 ...But any man who HAD friends wishes he still had them. ;) 


I wish Stenson would actually practice or something... Maybe then he could be competitive!!  


Well that kind of thing never happens to me lol....  


Bed time... Time for another nightmare   


Some of you take twitter posts to literally.   for idiots


I love waiting at the doctor's office for hours... 


I'm glad I work for a company who bribes their workers to work Sundays during the busy season with $100   


absolutely love not being able to fall asleep when im tired as hell........good times tonight.  


Where's all the snow we're supposed to get, I figured by now it would be so deep I couldn't see out my windows. 


Woo going to Kansas to see my family, so freakin' excited 


I would like to thank my English professor for emailing us that she isn't coming so we don't go skidding all up Howard Avenue 


The best conversations you have are the ones where neither one of you talk. 


Love seeing all these new found panthers fan on my TL 


Guess who iv just seen on the way to work????     its not natural and its just wrong... Clearly loves gays doesnt he! 


(C) when we haven't had practice in almost 3 weeks. And they expect us to win state this year. yeah right that's going to happen. 


I am so glad to be up this early to work  


I can't wait until it's illegal in the  to even play defense.  


Perfect day to go out for coffee.    so vicious, aren't they Joey...    If there is one thing we've learned over the years, it's that young Russian forwards respond very well to tough love 


 I'm pretty shocked that I've had no response from you guys on my complaint. 


Words cant even describe how good my wifi is 


I'm so glad that the library internet works. 


Can't wait to have Thankisgiving with my extremely religious, right-wing family. 


Shocked only 1 person responded to me for a game.  


Glad to see that iubb has figured out how to beat a zone defense. 


That moment when you miss a wedding for family things, but the fame things fall apart.   


Crimean roads are the best roads in the world



Well, I understood wat creating An Era meant. Some ppl keep talking abt you no matter whether you are in their life or not.  


 I thought it was meth in Greene County?  


Maths tomorrow yeah      tips anyone ?


Welcome to Monday, IG.         Running in mocasins is so fun you should try it,  translation: "I ate shit"


Gotta love getting cut off 4 different times on your drive home from work! 


"I don't wanna fall in love if I ever did that I think I'd have a heartattack" is one of the most well written song ever made.Ever. 


Nothing nicer than a wake up text from work at 5am.... 


 we should not get hung up on the actual *science*. Facts ruin everything. 


Seriously 2014, when are you coming?  This is getting awkward      Yet Al Sharpton still has his gig. That seems fair.  


 Don't you love it when that happens?  


 Just send League and Dee. That should do it.   for those who can't tell.


Reading. Watching. Sleeping. Napaka-healthy ng lifestyle ko ngayong Christmas break. 


 I guess you could say that Charlie Sheen would be... Winning.
     


Spending the night with my old friend Daria Morgendorffer.      morning has just been incredible.   


Did anyone else notice it was really cold today?  I'm not seeing any updates anywhere about it. 


Why yes I would love to be woken up on my ONLY day to sleep in after working a 6 day week and being exhausted. Thank you.   


  Pats are only team that is hurt by injuries. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I love only getting 4 hours of sleep then waking up before my alarm to a 45 degree room  


I dig,you dig,we dig,he dig,she dig,they dig ... Its not a beautiful poem but its deep 


  " If he a Heat fan he's a keeper " 


We've lost Foxy, what we going to do now? Bring hook on everything will be fine 


I could just live the rest of my life being sarcastic now i've got the hang of it 


A nice Sunday dinner after a really busy weekend of me lying round the house   


 Really not looking forward to work tonight ofcourse we are duhh it's gonna be great 


Only 13 days until Buffalo battles San Diego State in the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl from Boise   


Just what I need...a long, quiet walk this morning to be alone with my thoughts. 


Putting posters up in town in the rain is so fun 


Downtown  smells like dog poop and rotting leaves today  


 employees are so polite around this time of year!   


You know what? The  should just start a big fight. That's what teams do when losing big, right?  


Aw man. Waking up with a sore throat is always just the bomb diggity   


Breast feeding is so weird, like those are for sex what are you doing? 


I love  It's the spice of life. It's also the reason I slept on the couch.


I woke up and discovered that the Oilers lost yet again.  I, for one, am shocked.   


Now, THAT is how you fix a glitch:  Sebilius should give Schauer a call    noted   KyleShanahan, offensive genius! Genius I tell you!!


You can say I have the best snapchats out of everyone u know  


Wow. Where's your  now?!   RT  Ice-pocalypse!  love when I go to blow my nose and because it is so dry out I end up with a bloody nose! 


I just love doing other people's work for them. 


Eating lots of family style Italian food because I haven't had enough food this week.    net worth just decreased by $517. Car maintenance is great! :) 


Currently grinding out levels on Pokemon. Fun fun fun.......   


Thanks to all who dont fav my tweets...Not!    


: Hmm... I wonder if anyone drank last night. I haven't seen a single tweet yet. 


The kindness and positive nature of people is oh so wonderful!   Stay classy!


Touched down in the cheerful town of Portland   


Oh and thanks coach for putting us in 100 back...    


  we still on for an 8 fold. Will teach him not to bet against us. He'll bet Celtic soon 


i would like to thank the city of madison for the lovely, relaxing drive in this morning!  


  why? Because he is the only there that can coach??? 


"The officials have been dynamite" just like the announcers have been great to listen to 


 They're totally going to the Rose Bowl. 


Randomly got a stuffy nose.. oh how I love to not breathe through my nose 


 ah nation's best conference. Forgot  Sorry to disappoint w the win today. Urban will get them a title soon enough


Could someone please put up another highly emotional post about the new year? I really need to see another one. 


I love doing everyone's work. It is so much fun! 


  Because losses to 4-8 WVU and  Okla are better than losses to 8-4ND and  OSU, obviously. 


5 year old with her own iPhone 4? That's cool, mom  4evr


So turns out Freeman was a turd in Minnesota too. Thought it was a Tampa issue only? 


Just got a 50 percent on my Quiz........ Awesome. 


I just Love staying in on weekends and doing absolutely nothing   


These are my first footsteps to my life goal..
Being tweet famous
 


  with Zlatan signing as well they will be unstoppable. 


  I'm dealing with the same frustration over here. Welcome to the American education system - It's the best ever 


What an opening of a new semester babe ! :'''') 


 eew do not get that hat , I'm hoping that was 


Yes, because what "Salinger" needed was to be longer.    just call me stupid well I feel Super! :D  


This is where we are supposed to smoke at work.... Fabulous...       modern family for me either :( 
thanks, flow. thanks a lot.  



I would publicly like to thank all those that made by short shopping trip this morning such a pleasant and enjoyable experience. 


 for me Pacquiao should ask BIR for a random blood testing, after all it works for Mayweather hehehehehe 


Here's a strategy. Maybe the more people tweet about snow the more it will snow. 


I left the gym to write my term paper but now I want to watch the AMAs. Life's timing is just stupendous. 


Damn. Wish I was 2014 y.o. so I could've seen the beginning of it all. I'd be as old as God himself.   I mean you only did excellent. Who needs to be excellent?    


Projects that have gone off the rails before they've even started are my favorite. 


  would like to have seen Mellon with a stronger urge to attack the rim 


My room is not a mess. It's an obstacle course designed to keep me fit." 


The media's crusade to keep Morgan Reilly with the Leafs was successful.  Great decision, boys!  


I'm kind of glad I get to go back to school to see people I don't like



So... based on the game so far the Iron bowl is definitely the better rivalry game    


I love having Verne and Gary commentating the bama games  


So exams till thursday , working thursday , friday , saturday   


tonight just keeps getting better and better.... 


" Brother trying to show me how to use a car baybalade wow best lesson ever    


You know that you've made it when you duet with Shane from Westlife  


About three hours away from hitting the winter storm! Can't wait! 


  "too much about  and not inclusive Bc you know, the "everybody else" has no space to be safe in.. 


This is exactly why we signed Hank for a zillion more years. I love this team so much, they make my heart ache 


Elizabeth got 200 hits on YouTube! She's a star!  


I'm so surprised when college athletes don't sound smart. 


'Night I guess' REALLY makes me want to talk to you..   


 thanks for the timely response on my trash can question from Monday 


Haha  has changed again and guess what? It got even worse than before. What a surprise.  ... They never give up do they?..


I didn't wanna go to the airport to pick up my grandma anyways.. Thanks pop pop!  


Oh wait...wrong no talent Ashlee clown RT  Thanks Horseshoe for reminding me that Ashlee Simpson once had a hit song. 


I mean every year its always just so creatively original, I can't contain myself... so beautiful. 


 GOD GRANT! How dare you play a fictional character who comes between a fictional pairing.  


 May be cuz he plays for an American team and lives in an American city that means he is automatically American. 


  hahhahah im so glad that reminded u of me! 


i feel gay when changing to "king" size bed. i used to be sleeping on "Queen" 


Maybe it's the dreaded 'foreign hand' " Probe ordered into alleged foreign funding of AAP: Shinde   


Aah!The Joys of modern    
 i guess we aren't 17 Trillion in debt then   


   but but but it's to ensure everyone gets to GO to a game. 


Everyone is just in such a good mood today.  


Nothing like climbing into bed and realizing that your dog puked in it. Washing sheets  10:30 = fun times... 


 nooooo I thought you wanted to make out with that banister you were nodding at   


All this football shit is gettin old, I could careless, I hope the Dallas Cowboys win the BCS. 


So this years Nat'l championship could be FSU without Winston vs Ohio st? Should be a good one   


S/O to the salt trucks for doing their job   where you at??


Lil Wayne is the greatest mc and Eminem is homofobic 


my family just makes so much sense all the time I wish I could live with them forever 


Thanks Zoe for letting another murder free onto this world. . 


perhaps RT 9GAG: My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


I love going on twitter and reading everyones problems 


 I'm just so in love w   Kinda jealous of  &amp; his room at the  


I love buying a bag of air and there's chips in it __   


         Sbb saya ada life, yeahhhh 


Yet another pleasant evening with Paige. Her  &amp; snide remarks are coming along wonderfully. Oh how they grow. 


 Good thing we got to church 30 minutes early....almost didn't get a seat.  


Just the sort of encouragement they need - "Medics may face jail for neglect   


Well geez I can't make money with this but still THANK GOD I can balance chemical equations 


Aw, you're so wise. One day I want to be as smart as you are by spreading my hatred through a social media site instead of a face. 


Really appreciate it when people make you feel like a twat 


Using  as a distraction tonight and  just told me not to touch the dial.. um, what's a dial?  


Wait... You didn't do a  ... Are y'all even still together??? 


I love when my family takes a Family Portrait without me.   Looking into Photoshop.


  gee, why can't women advance in the world?  


And another doctors appointment. Yippie..  


A million styles boxing.... the best boxing channel on youtube amsbtraining     think I should become that guy that carries a guitar around and play 3 maybe 4 cords all day, because everyone loves that guy 


Wow, my pizza's here already! Only 2 hours and 20 minutes! And look at that, the wrong pizza and no cups for my pop! Awesome! 


Icing my foot..yay...fun!!  can't go anywhere without hopping like a little freakin bunny -.-    haha! Goodjob!    !
  Let's see those unemployment numbers soar with all those new citizens competing for jobs that aren't. 


"I'd be more upset about your lack of self-respect" Slut shaming...what a great way to prepare your teenage girl for adult life 


Brady sucks. Only a shitty, old quarterback with arthritis could make that comeback. Just retire.  


How can people think a group of teenagers let down Canada?  Hey Canada, lets show our class and get back to blaming the referees. 


This is a scintillating innings from Carberry so far!!    


In bed by 9:30 on a Friday night. I am so cool. 


 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Wearing all my hair to the back tomorrow to school with LEKKER undone eyebrows! 


 these three days a week at the gym are killing me. 


This is one of the best holidays ever! 
Thank you wisdom teeth, thank you!


"Love Hearts" are so sweet.      to my big sister just what i wanted Carson to get   how many crazy ass dreams ima wake up from tonight. My mind goin thru more than Jesus did. 


 going to do that" and now I have to have a fucking blood test... Yay. 


Source: Robinson Cano, M's agree - via   that's got success written all over it 


 spend 90 pay for postage and have to wait a week to receive an item!  


Kassie makes Auburn fans look so non ignorant  


Wisdom teeth removal follow-up appt. I love doctors/dentist offices.  ( Oral &amp; Maxillofacial Surgery Assoc)  Southwest. Thanks for letting us know about our cancelled flight BEFORE flying us to a layover in Chicago.  


day 2 and a half of cleansing &amp; I'm having so much fun :-)))) 


I can't sleep, and I have to go to Nashville tomorrow.. Yayyy. 


 The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica.
TodayILearned Snakes aren't Reptiles 


  Well, that's certainly a convincing counter-argument. Completely refutes my position. 


Wow I love that other computer companies are bashing on google chrome books. Makes me so excited to get one. 


"The sarcasm is strong in you, Luke." ~my dad  


Please contemplate her  there no Jemi no more


Weird that  is skipping class AGAIN! Don't worry I'll take all the notes for you and you can just copy em   


Love how my iPhone battery goes from 25% to 1% in a minute and with no warnings!  


  I want a copy of the contract I signed. It's nowhere to be found on your super-helpful website 


I make great decisions when it comes to outerwear in the cold seasons  


I'm obviously the shit at wrapping presents.  ?  Oh my god totes funny!!! I can't even!!    What?! A woman actor talking about finance? Not in my America. 


What time is 16:00? I hope it's before school starts...     uniform on, lets go to work!     your sweater say camp? That's one letter away from champ!" Well, I don't want to brag but my record is 2-1, double ain't bad. 


 so Baltimore will get back Ben Grubbs at left guard, and Matt Birk at center and they'll be good!   lol


I've always wanted to spend my Saturday after finals moving a refrigerator out of a house..... 


I'm glad alyssa can stay awake long enough for me to get home  


 At least we know they have a future in the NFL if the NCAA fires them. 


Looks like tonight I'll be breaking my "never going to Cleveland's" rule, an maybe tiffs  


 Stratford Westfield awesome  service 2day  you didnt take my  so now I am  where they have counter service


So women's choir is doing wonderfully.     


Today went from pretty good to complete and utter garbage.  


  YES I'm jealous of a TV channel because growing up I wanted to be a TV channel myself. 


 is my first language. Sometimes you can hear my accent when I'm speaking English.


So glad to see all of your beautiful faces.  


No power. So Im stuck to using the 4G on my iPhone. So this is what the 1800s was like. GROSS! 


I love when you send a snapchat with words abs the person replies with nothing. . Like Thanks. . 


 ahaha,can't wait for you to come back to Scotland btw 


There are few things better to read than an educated American like  who gets both  and   treated me like crap, but at least it only took me a year to do something about it! 


Yeah because Korea is so much better than New Jersey right old_chan   look at you.  You were the first to send an email.  You're so goddamn special. 


The Bowflex is an overall effective, worthwhile piece of equipment 


I just LOVE being invited to parties that I am good friends with. 


 Right Steve, I'm off to slag you off on a different thread..    

 (


fangirl yooo.     belieber since 09      wow ! did you make that your self heaps funny 


  if he didnt think about cars and driving ease, no one would. 


For that price, we should just buy Mata even if it's to stop our rivals buying him.

Seriously though, he's worth a thought.


More NSA news? You know what would be great? If someone would say that same Ben Franklin quote. I don't think I've heard it enough 


 same.... I can't sleep and have school tomorrow.. fun 


 when do you think us drunken messes from Sask  will find out?  Is the semi final game on soon. 


And that's your season, Titans. Great job of rising to the occasion with a playoff berth on the line. 


" Hey everybody on social media!! Keep those Duck Dynasty posts coming! They are NOT getting old!
 You, sarcastic? :-)


A photo of the number 1 ranked T20 batsman in the world and Alex Hales.
   bring out the best in people  


 and yet you still have to comment.....  


Gotta love being continuously fucked over  brings such warmth to my heart. 


India is going to assist Maldives in fighting corruption. Is this from  


And also thanks for the mood crusher/ditching me after we made plans.   You know who you are.


Yes, it's totally a good idea to play Lundqvist into the ground. That's worked SO WELL in the past. 


6 stalls, no one else in the bathroom. Please choose the one right next to me.  


   are gonna be eating today!!!   


I hate these stupid dogs.     you people follow to unfollow please don't do that that's not in human nature to to. 


Bastille and the 1975....great year for music, flipping excellent 


I love working a week straight...its what i live for 


Glad I came to this New Years party. Definitely not the lamest party I've been to in a long time. 


Love the way that people make others feel... 


 think about how much better they would be without Romo! 


  RT   wide receiver Sammy Watkins will declare for the 2014 NFL Draft, according to multiple sources


And, shocking that Amazon gave  access the month before the holiday shopping season. 


Sometimes I wanna shake the hands of parents, and ask them. "You must be SOO proud of your kids" 


You're all joking right?        


   Nothing is better than waiting outside for a 26 minute delayed train in  yea and we know how to pick our boysssss.   


 Dammit I forgot the  hashtag AGAIN (but -- yay traffic!!)


Woo  My migraines are coming back!!   Well i think its time to pull out the Chubby pills to get rid of them!


Chocolate is good for a person's teeth. It can help fight against bacteria in the mouth and stop dental decay!         


I really wish that there was a font called 


 i still wonder how she put a sofa inside her car LOL 


Thanks Aegon - 2 months of saying one thing then doing the opposite. It's OK, it only causes me significant inconvenience, not you 


  Haha its all about 50 shades of gray homie!! 


 Saranac HS teacher investigated for student relationship    


I can already tell Christmas is going to be exciting. 


My friends are always there when i need them 


I love the cute thing you do called ignoring me. 


Love how supportive our cheerleaders are to the girls team. 


I enjoy peeing my pants walking &amp; sneezing. Yup. 



Can't wait to get to work!! Living the dream!!! 


Yay I get to stay home on my last night of break :) just what I need. 


If you have less clothes on in your Instagram pics, you'll prob get more likes. 


The fact that I'm not sure if I'm gonna graduate high school...  


 yeah, but making it illegal makes is like North Korea!!! 


This is all I can ever offer in a situation    CPC attack ads on legalizatn: horror of slipping into dystopian reality of Washington State, Colorado, or Netherlands!  


Well now isn't that sweet,  Obama's Uncle Omar was exempt  from being deported after Living in the US illegally for over 50 years 


    ...but point remains. Sowell wasn't bad and $10M is a lot when we still need to redo Fitz


 Looks like years of education paid off then 


I just LOVE whenever I'm talking and you really don't listen or just say "yeah" or "mhmm" 


"You can't pass through the gates of heaven if weighed down by a foreskin." - 


Shout out to the Fairfax cop driving behind me earlier in the rain, wipers on, no headlights. What a great role model you are 


   who needs  me when you've got you two.  


You know Ditka's pissed Da Bears didn't drop 89 tonight.  


Next door there are people doin gun shots or fireworks!!whats so special bout 2014!woo hoo!its a new year!!:)yay! already miss 2013!


Zero down at least 30 to go this will be fun 


I LOVE the SCS advert! It's never going to get old! Wish they showed it on tv more 


Getting ready for my 12 miler in this 'warm' 25 degree weather. Yes, I'm thrilled. 


 was on the big screen at Alma and looked very ecstatic to be here. 


December 6th. I'll be wearing shorts at work today. Climate change, I love you.   


I haven't kissed anyone in my entire life so that means no new years kiss...again...for the 17th year in a row..woo   ...


Shoutout to  for getting us into that banger last night 


Know what's awesome? Coming home to inches of standing water in the house you're renting from a burst pipe.  


More problems to our relationship ...YAAAAAY!!  


Amazed at how hard Jay and the rest of the O pursued the  player after the fumble  


hmmmm I'm going to be totally original and do this.    my parents have plans tonight. It's a Friday night and I'm going to end up watching netflix all night in bed alone.  


 thanks Nick...I can always count on you to be supportive. 


Thanks to all my friends who have checked on me today while I've been currently dying. Y'all are THE best  


Maulana Sahab mere bare ache dost hain  
loll   .....  


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


The only way CB will cancel or delay school will be if Omaha does. Aren't we supposed to be independent? Good job CB. 


  Already hour late! so notification of works on UKPN website - must check this before all journeys 


 Sutton Bank is always fun, whatever the weather! 


But I wouldn't know because I've never owned a dog, so I can't speak on proper dog walking etiquette. 


   looooooooool yeah! 'infamous' is the word -_- 



I used to love myself and live for myself. Now live for others.  &amp;  


About to watch frozen! Can not wait!      


"  that place was pretty hellish when I visited..." You didn't like the australopithecus head at the bar? 


Lol  playing the heat is on during this ice cold game  I see what you did there lmfao 


Totally not dancing in the living room right now.   


one who says "you can't put a price on love" is one who has never actually paid for  themselves... or has been  


Nothing brings a family together better than Christmas decorating.  


Huh the news over blowing something insignificant like today weather event, really surprises me they would do something like that. 


 you were 100 percent, don't deny it. We were all afraid, except for  because she was too hipster to care. 


I wanna be cool too and shoehorn an orang- to-purple gradient overlay in all my art and pictures.  


Im sure the gunman at  played a lot of  and the game is to be blamed for this.  


 Heey its Christmas eve and im with varicelle Yayy!  Hope you have an amazing day xx


 ha ha yeah because the issue of families in poverty is so funny  


 Thanks for the great customer service today!  


Imma go listen to that Real New York Sound - Like Asap Rocky and French Montana. 


We Cant be friends , If you don't understand my 


 didn't matter this time!Up in the city early&amp;canceled anyway.But at least now I'm North of the storm &amp; can't go home! 


Soooo Happy To be Up &amp; Ready For Joyful school..... Isn't Every One Lol 


Of fucking course I run into you on campus twice today. That's just my amazing luck on this amazing day.  


Can see this being a lovely day  wish I could just stay in all day with my puppy!


Do you think youre cool because you turned off the wifi? Wow. Really got me there, idk what ill do now 


Stuck 2 hours in traffic and made it 3 mins after cutoff for  flight. So naturally they turned me away. Ah to be elite 


To be honest, another good way to stop being bullied on Twitter is to leave Twitter. So Twitter has you covered there.  


Anyone who likes my new job on LinkedIn can die.  


The entire right side of my face is frozen, loving it. 


 Ugh, that's crappy. I hate nights like that. I'm alright...more surgery today :/ woo-hoo! 


.  Love the girl! Talented &amp; funny &amp; knows 


 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Never thought I'd be sitting here enjoying a Political show :P   


I'm so glad I'm invited to everything like I was last year.  lol 


Almost forgot to set my alarm...wouldn't that have just been the worst.  


I'm told scoring plays are automatically reviewed in the NFL. Really? When did that start?  


United need to change this game. They've got     Lmao


First of all, that grammar. Second, what a vague hint...what starts with cr and ends with icket...   That seems so out of character and unlike him. 


"I'm limited edition", she said...seems legit 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


The best birthdays are on a Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday,Saturday,or a Sunday RT if you agree  


 Hartley will find work next year, for some odd reason after that one huge year and his injury he hasnt been the same 


Looks like a real "Ice Station Zebra is brewing in the North Pole right now  &amp;  involed but so is  &amp; others 


Toronto leads San Antonio 32-20, Rudy Gay was holding them back  


I'm coming to school to impress you all with my great style and looks 


This is currently our boiler...and it's November YAY   up with a face full of spots. just what i wanted the day before new years eve. 


 concussions are overrated aren't they?  


I don't understand why people don't come in school....Cos nothings more attractive than no education  


 Yeah, because having a hit man on his payroll never bothered him.  


Kudos  for denouncing this. Yea, right.        it's just a wonderful day in the Norris/Jenkins house today..... 


Christmas shopping with mom. This shall be a joyous experience. 


 yea that would be good cuz nobody wants another division game decides who goes to super bowl 


Today is the day that every single relative well ask me about college....so excited 


Can there be anything more wonderful than waking up with a blemish? 


 because bot tweets really enhance the organic experience of twitter! 


If AAP wants strong lokpal then the so called liberals will ask for strong Tejpal. 


Debt financing has been my hobby since becoming a student. 


nothing tops off my day like being called worthless  


 BUT They are getting outshot drastically.   


 what are you talking about? Retail at Christmas is AH-MAZING 


Gettimg hench. Size 8 petite no longer fits my massive jugs/shoulders/neck.    


I LOVE waiting for a gate to clear for my flight.   


So I have to complete a biology booklet, start on my maths homework &amp;revise for my maths exam that's tomorrow.   


yay! I saw my favorite person today. how did I know that was gonna happen?  


Robin Roberts outs herself on Facebook.  After 20 plus yrs on TV I never knew.


fire alarms in the middle of the night just never get old   


I'm not sure what I'd do without 300 Facebook friends constantly posting infographics and quotes on how to be a better Christian. 


Were gonna get a mass flood with all this rain. 


   How the fuck don't you know what  is? Oh yeah cuz you weren't even born yet (cuz your PP is a egg)


Well my knee hurts and my shoulder kills from lifting wonderful...    


Let's call  up to coach the  *thumbs up*  He did however coach his high school squad to the championship 


so Connor Brewer transferring was a good idea 


 oh no one whole episode how will we ever get through all that in time!!? 


Tornados were so 60 minutes ago. Bring on the Bears. 


You know you are a real man once you make a CS rep cry over something trivial.    


S/O to Frank Gore and Adrian Peterson for scoring me a combined 10 points!  


I like that I bother you that much, It's nice to know you care. 


Whatever you do, don't dwell on the fact that I passed on female, Rep T. Heard as running mate. I still want to win over wmn vote...


You wouldn't think a place like NYC would have a skunk problem but I always smell skunks here. Ive never seen one tho. Huh.  


2, 5, and 14 drawn into the same group.  That makes sense!  


I'm a little cheesed that Darius Rucker isn't performing this national anthem.  


 Yep,I totally love him for his looks. 


It's nice to know that people who you thought were your friends have faith in you  


Dad just asked where I was going. Told him I was gonna go have a threesome. He just laughed in my face. Thanks for the faith dad. 


 You better train harder then last time . Miesha did dominate that last fight up until the armbar. 


It's amazing how fast people just zoom in and out of your life...  


You know what this  game needs? More stoppage of play. There definitely hasn't been enough of that yet. 


Nothing better than being stressed out, so awesome  


 exactly,  why would we ever assume the guy who stalked a kid would attack his jumpoff. Sounds ludicrous 


guys remember okposo is doing this because of tavares 


 Conservatives Call For Lynching of Obama   /But I'm sure it's not racism. 


She went onto say she really wants to marry an investment banker. Nope, not a Gold Digger at all. 


 the glorious way of being a jerk in the politest way possible


Nothing more fun then taping your eye shut at night to make sure it doesnt dry up. 


Whenever I need a good laugh I just turn on Finding Bigfoot.   


sorry gravity you are now 2nd best movie of 2013 winner is  must watch for everyone I mean it's not doom3 but...Lol 


 yeah it sounds SO LIVELY in there   


  You forgot to put a  on your message. IT'S ABOUT SAFE HASHTAGGING, PEOPLE... (hehe)


My mom said she's gonna make a car appear on our driveway tomorrow morning 


Yeah, it feel good to know that you're ashamed of me. 


Good news is offense is rested for this crucial drive before the half...
 


Guess  are never going to follow me. Lucky as always.  


 Blatter payed all the voters to vote for Messi anyway. 


Just left Amersham after leaving London just after 6. Good times. 


 Sounds like the only one according to my stream or was that  ?


So, this growing it out thing is really working..   .   That's the best version of Hookah Bar, btw. 


Walmart trip, I have to push the buggy. Now it is off to kroger for some reason yay.   you hate it when your locked out of your house, the spare key isn't where it should be, and your dad is marrying a couple? 


good news guys. I slept until 8:50 instead of 8.   


 Thai Rath: Yingluck has had tears in her eyes 5 times in public since becoming PM" &lt;wow! this deserves an infographic! 


Nothing quite like a train cancellation and a delay to ease one back into this commuting lark. 


I totally understand why Tom Daley 'coming out' receives the same reaction as those who ran in saving lives in Glasgow on Friday! 


  yeah, you two don't look related at all. 


At least I can take solace in the fact that bears fans will be objective and reasonable in where they place their frustration 


Thanks for the help I really appreciate it.  


 Tebow would be better as Floridas quarterbacks coach. 


There are very few things I enjoy as much as a middle school bus ride to Arma. 


Brrr it's so damn cold out...and the windchill will be between -20 and -40 yay!   


CNN: Former WH Official Acknowledges Obama's 'Maybe' Not Good at Governing &lt;~u think? after  6 yrs?   bought Monopoly, I'm in for an exciting New Year's Eve!!  :P


 you would never imagine that I'm flying on Great Lakes  this morning since I'm delayed    4th trip in a row


On one hand it means I don't have to do the "meet n greet" but on the other I have to have a tooth out, 5 days before Xmas. Yay! 


 no...I'm just hearing straight to get my license 


 How I talk: 

25% swearing, 25% sarcasm, 50% combination of both.   


The best part is the food after church at one in the morging, so exited!!!!!!! 


Why buy guys tomorrow when I could get them for free?!  


Listening to this year 7 convo on the bus restores my faith in the uk  all I hear is fuck dick hoe slag bitch have you fucked him


I havent slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
  


   refs miss a call? Wow this is news to me... 


Something about a smokers cough turns me on 


Business plan, assignment, quiz...wow what a grand life i'm having. 


Sure hope to see all of my basketballers at 6 AM Practice! Because 6 am is totally necessary even if we don't have school. 


Tomorrow could be my first self-date for 2014. How exciting! 


Ngaret at it's finest. Heh, great job! *slow clap* 


 yea and MAC team deserves to be in the national championship!! 


 
Common sense thinking  that against the rules  


"I can't shake her hand..."Ronda is really such a bitch. It's unbelievable. No class. No tact...&amp; the face of women's MMA. Awesome. 


  Let's sell all them terrible League 1 players huh? Let's buy some more world beaters like Redmond! 


Wow, I was forgotten about by pretty much all but few of my friends this christmas.

Thanks guys. Merry fuckin' christmas 


Ripped my fingernail off :)))) the entire thing :)))) so happy and pain free :)))) 


 so creative  I could come up with better


Who does this  thing anymore anyways? Oh man   


Love how everyone has such amazing plans for the 31st, yet I don't. Oh, it just happens to be my birthday, doesn't matter at all. 


 &amp;  are having so much fun with me at Bob Evans..  


Didn't r pols say Yucca was dead?  NRC Directs Staff to Proceed w/ Yucca Mtn License Review   I say throw the bum out along with his  :o) 


 that right there is the definition of hot ladies and gents. 


I shouldn't even be home right now but it's okay cuz this weekend rocks  


Nothing like having three games during finals week 


I can't help but cheese when I take selfies. It expresses my most low and desperate points.    ol  doing a great job at keeping me informed about my PS4....yer right   


Why wud wr face the problem and deal with it when we cn pretend it doesn exist till it eat us inside out  


Phenomenal run defense by the  so far. 


So I sent my X-mas cards out yesterday...  I'm sure they'll make it by X-mas 


Just 2 days! Men get with it! Just remembered last minute stuff for our kids. Maybe I'll get to go to walmart.  


" Apple stores everything you say to Siri on its servers." Wow. Not creepy at all. 


New day new doctor - possible glandular fever this time  


So my Saturday night has been cancelled... Thanks mum....   


 uh yeah I know you really well what are you talking about?!?  


 Agreed. Some I'm just like, "oh you don't like me, that's nice. What will I ever do now?!"  


That meeting had some new info that I needed to know 


Working the weekend is the best feeling ever 


EU allows you to cook during flights. what do you mean there is no kitchen on board and this is useless? 


This day keeps getting fucking better  shattered my phone screen


That was clearly a Heisman throw right there.  Jameis not AJ.


What?? Bachelor staff make stuff up? NO! "Bachelor' Producer Faked Thanksgiving Airplane Argument"  


Asian people are so funny when they try to speak English! LOL!  RT  Meanwhile, in North Korea.  McMahon shaked Randy Orton's hand?! Surely this must mean a John Cena heel turn! 


If you have to drive 200 miles for a doctor instead of 10, that's not Obamacare's fault, that's the Tea Party's fault!  


White, Christian, heterosexual, males are BY FAR the most persecuted people in  today. 


 's tweets always seem to make me laugh  


 another muscle injury for van Persie. Definitely didn't see that coming!   


 Everyone is nicer than New Yorkers!   


 Mangala obviously bcz we have been scoring/creating more than conceding.   


I love when Bergesen tells us we have a test the day before  


guys it's 3, it's clearly happy hour, drink up!  


Crazy busy weekend and now a crazy week to look forward to. :) Yeyy  intended...


I have to break the news to Jeff about moving to Australia...that should go well  


Thanks to the drunk passenger who thought it would be fun to pull passenger alarm one stop from home, I'm so immensely thrilled 


This Georgia weather is doing wonders for my allergies 


A "Christian   show" coming? Can't wait. (That's  by the way!)  (


Go ahead and take yourself seriously so I can avoid you.    


My new favorite profiles is    


 I love when no one replies to me.  well obviously it's sarcasm... Why wouldn't it be!??


 yea you're real cute taking a pic in a place where people take a shit or two    :p


I really wouldn't want to be doing anything else on a Saturday night then laying in my nice comfy bed  


Ugg drive home in freezing rain after a 12 hour shift. FANTASTIC.  


best team in the country we are watching tonight folks. 


Agency to cut flood defence jobs  Yup. Timing.  know it's all about the timing.   


Sometimes you make me feel real special... I mean all I do is try.   


School tomorrow! Looking forward to the principal speech to catch up on at least 30min of sleep~ 


I sure hope that  and  are as prepared for our debate tomorrow as I am..


Well that's stupendous news... Couldn't ask for a better night. 


Because shunning a girl for her size doesn't encourage self harm or eating disorders or anything. 


Can't wait to see all of the snow pictures on Instagram   


 I'm such an attractive plane sleeper.  


. That would be very useful..   ^DAD


I better check facebook twitter and instagram to see if it's snowing! 



 Ooops no more sushi for Kenny no more orgies 


I would thoroughly like to applaud the people in charge of the sidewalks on campus.    


A tried and proven tool for success is this thing called Hard Work.   love the day after leg day   


Jesus Christ I would never of guessed Leicester would be on first! 


Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be,neLiners     


Another real classy showing by the Russians at the    


I love that all secrets are discussed out in the open...! Such a great idea!  Lol!  


Thank u  airlines 4 putting more seats on board to save me money   Suzy. Criticized for thanking her dog in her award speech. Just look at those expressions from veteran actors and actresses. 


Hope everybody is enjoying this hot summer day like I am! 


  they are the best and most knowledgeable fans in baseball so I'm sure they'll do the right thing. 


 Getting gashed by running backs from football powers Vandy and MTS.  


Well that test went well  database systems over again :(


 If only we'd spent more money in the summer! From Bomber the Spurs fan. 


Drive entrance still not completely cleared &amp; snow in street, but yeah, you're doin' a great job.   are you saying the vols shouldve hired him??  


 perhaps he was standing his ground against her alluring sexual advances.  We don't know yet  


Just had a remembrance day parade in this ideal weather with winds of 100 km/hr. 


"Nasyid di Hard Rock Cafe Putra Jaya" dgr lgu nasyid sambil teguk tuak . HAHAHA  


I actually had homework tonight.  Thank you new teacher. 


Those SEC defenses are so good.  ... came to play!


 can beat SRL, Hearns and Duran all on the same night, yet finds million reason as to why he will not face Pac. 


 Yeah, he has to be better in clutch moments. Witten certainly not to blame. 


Heading to the Galleria to do some holiday shopping. Oh goody. 


Less than 24 hours now...not that I am excited, that would be ridiculous    


Yay I have Morton's Nerouma, probably caused by my super flat feet!   


So Tom Daley is gay, I never saw that one coming.  


Really wanted to go out... But no... Thanks.   


ahh! I have 1k tweets, I officially have a really productive life. 


Wud just like to thank all u tweeps 4your weather updates.....appreciate it very much thought that noise outside sounded like rain 


Coleman again how much did we pay for him again 


So i cant park there when no one does, but i can 10 feet away in the same parking lot? Explain that to me.  


  Try the FBI,they specialize in major crime like this &amp; if they find the perp they'll send in SealTeam 6.


Looking forward to flying all over the country Tuesday, kids! 


I'm FLOORED.  RT  Cavaliers center Andrew Bynum suspended indefinitely by team for conduct detrimental to the team.


This 2-10 and 3-9 team match up for Thursday night football is really living up to the hype. 


So everybody that has been blowing up my snapchat needs to chill for awhile......  


Eating my weight in cookies and fudge while recovering from a sunburn  


Last minute cram, forgot I needed to learn blood glucose for tomorrow's biology lesson  


 Because he is SUCH a terrible person, right?   
Suit yourself though. Peace out.


The best way to make up for being an asshole is to continue being an asshole. 


YES the UK is the greatest Country on Earth! We can afford to go to war but not afford to keep open schools/hospitals go us! 


Wow! An ad shaped like a car just drove across my screen while I was on a dictionary website! So cool!  


Time to go put makeup on and restraighten my hair.. I have a choir concert tonight.. yay..  see you there 


 ouchie have to see you bro so we can like actually study. 


Such a shame all the poor little turkeys that have to die for one day so people can stuff their faces! Merry Christmas!  


Ulf has clearly been working well with these defensemen. Defensemen have been so solid this season 


Apparently I'm at work on a Sunday for no actual reason but to freeze in the a/c... fun. 


You have robbed me of the joy if well made cinema and plot twists. Thanks. Well done.   


Surprised that my text inbox is empty this morning. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Man...such a great start to my birthday weekend. Woot. 


Sometimes I'm that sarcastic that even I don't even know if I'm being sarcastic or not  


Best Coach &amp; Player Relationship Al Davis &amp; Marcus Allen 


Man, all those songs that were popular when I was in lower school sound great blasted through Shafer   


Wow those  and  players are top notch 


 I'll get to that right after I'm done sodomizing my Jewish-Black-Lesbian-Crippled-Environmentalist-Goat  


 Carney on "breaking news, the website is a problem"  


My horse wasn't being nice to the new boy in the pasture so I went and had a strongly worded talk with him, I'm sure it helped. 


Nothing like an intellectual conversation to start your day off right. 


Oh I cant wait for all the its raining! pictures when it eventually does come  


In bed medicated and watching Being Human reruns.  great way to end my vacation. 


 stop being such a notorious bruins hater 


I wonder what the new leon schuster movie will be about...? 


Hahahahahahahahahahaha, your hilawr babe.  


My favorite thing about new yrs eve is listening to all the wonderful radio hits from throughout the entire year. 


I'm so tired of getting told that I should be a Victoria's Secret model. like come on people I know this.    


Nothing like the grocery store in Christmas Eve eve to get you in the holiday mood 


My Sunday is great. No one is texting me, and I'm sitting in my car, in my drive way, listening to music!    


In a window seat. Who wants a wing + sky + clouds photo?  


My mom just informed me that i must go to my sister's soccer game, exciting 


 Kaiser emailing me like I could've "prevented" diabetes....     WHO KNEW?! 


Hawks losing 2-0? Just lose the game, forfeit the season, and tank for a top draft pick since this is happening..... 




 how dare you guys take the light off the harper senate scandal, harper haters dont need to hear this 


  perfect. We will leave the kings v Vancouver game to watch. 


The big apple. Layover then another bus!   


Does anyone know what BTN is airing at 7pm tonight? 


I love getting freezer burn when I ride my bike home.  


While everyone is enjoying their new video games I'm enjoying inorganic chemistry  


So me and Jonny from work both agree that our work clothes couldn't get any sexier :') 


  After tonights play and health of DMen, clear Pens need send  back to juniors.  


  well I know  will be there front and centre with his Lucas Neil jersey!! 


Big thanks to my sister for giving me the stomach flu right before Thanksgiving.   


Last day at the john's! I'm so glad everyone is tipping better today.   


can the night get any better  97  104  him a sandwich,      


Great !! So being an independent woman that never asks her parents for money is considered being a baby :) 


Didn't realise Bournemouth could play Liverpool in the next round, why didn't someone tweet or facebook it?......  -___-


Can you believe it! I could confidently say I've hit a new high point in my life! -  "iSwiftKey has saved me 100,000 keystrokes!" 


Hey  thank goodness you don't have a game breaker like max  domi playing for you.. All that ice he would be useless.. 


 "Well, this day was a total waste of makeup." -RandomAuthor, got me LOLing.

On that note  is the King of Sarcasm...bows.


Shout out to the  thanks for the big help tonight! 

 


Type faster, faster, he shouted. Well feed you intravenously.   


Oh, I'm sure it's good for their marriage, no need for me to tag along 


So Doc says I've got a pinched nerve in the bursa sac in my left outer hip. Lovely. Guess I'm going to love push-ups  


I'm so glad I'll be working tonight when the biggest game of the season is on  


 you're so funny I forgot to laugh. Bahaha. 


  Taurus can be jealous and resentful.  


I'm thankful Joe Buck is here to make excuses for the  


Love all the  haters coming out of the woodwork all over the radio waves today.   


 oh don't exaggerate, that would be Saddam Hussein, but he died so how about some other mid eastern dictator eh? 


Having nobody to hangout with on New Year's Eve is fun..............  


You mean  member of the 'fights for people's rights'. Yup, we should DEF not follow her!   


Can't wait for all the girls on twitter to start tweeting about how they want the "perfect New Years kiss". 


Winter is def coming.... Macy's has all the beautiful sweaters out 


Me- Is this water?
Roommate- No Hailey, it's vodka. I spiked the muffins!    


Overheard in Photog room at Ford Field: "If they go to overtime, they'll get a point, right?"  


Lol..." C'mon bro it'll..." Now  won...I tink  strike would be cut off ...


I worked out. Took a shower &amp; now I'm eating hot pockets lol I'm so healthy! 


Well what do you know ANOTHER school shooting. Your gun laws rock America 


I would honestly rather be at school rn then spend this wonderful time with my fantastic family 


After a day of school and cheer immediately following, I'm excited to stay at Tri-City for Promise!    sure you see me in my new movie     seriously warrenty repair people thank you for all the wonderful things you did to fix my laptop.. 


I love how unbiased Ray Lewis is for the Ravens  I love it 


Told you we wernt a one man team look how better we are without GB and what as he even done  Madrid... Oh well life goes on 


Thanks I really apreciated that!   


Twitter! thanks for the notification of my mentions! 


So  laid some groundwork and the  have been interested in several options? Great! This 2014 season is really different! 


Snowmaggedon is starting in Toronto. Glad we have canned foods and fresh water 


" An  has a unique charm about them that intrigues many people." That's why I'm single....... 


Nice balanced opinion from the pundits again on  


Always great spending time with my cousin.......and her boyfriend  


 boy that makes me feel better about it! 


 that's just like my family! You haven't lived until you go the the one in Denver...... 


Hooplah with the CAC at MPRB....   The glamorous side of  politics! SO FUN!!!    Could you imagine the  going 10-6 and missing the playoffs? Does Marvin get fired?  


Gosh, how convenient. I am surprised.  


You're genetically predisposed to *interupts* "IT IS NOT MY PORTION!" Oh wow, you present symptoms of brain damage too 


 "I feel so much closer to not only God but Jesus, after this weekend at Windy Gap"   


I love flipagram because you can see every picture in the video as long as you want 


YAY for applying for yet another scholarship... 


 Didn't you know the world is all about them?




The Kings loss adds to just a fantastic day of sports for me. 


 close to signing Free Agent second baseman Brian Roberts. Should easily fill the void left by Cano.  


Thanks for inviting me I really do express my deep found gratitude. 


"If you take me next semester for 263 this is what we're going to do." Oh, Dougie... too bad I'm not seeing you next semster. 


Glenda Ritz says the  meeting will be over at noon. Thankfully they never run long. 


I use  instead of punching you in the face but dont press your luck :/


 1997: Kyoto Protocol on Carbon Emissions signed (and then ignored)  what a success that was 


 yeah I'd love to live like them......... I can see the attraction :/ 


Why is this phone attached to a box? I don't get it.   gravy stay hydrated during this heat wave we are experiencing during this stretch of global warming  storm 


Catching up with an old friend. Hearing tales of her dating experience now that she's newly single.  


Take a minute to go read  bio, see that dedication?   


I'm super glad it's nice and warm waiting out side of work! 


  You are too kind for offering.... 


No way! We're gonna get koke on January 1?! I bet he'll suit up vs Spurs!  


Alright then...ima take a shower then sleep. My night is gonna end pretty sad (:  


 Watching  *favorite* Christmas movie   )) eerrrk, hugely creepy!


Prince sounds just over-joyed to be here.   


 He's a Vandy guy from Big 12 country. Totally unbiased.  


 I am sure the patients in ICU would love to be infected by a nurse. It's not like they aren't already under medical care 


New membership class today and the for the next 2 weeks..   


That was fun.  It's fine time we all thank  for doing what it does. Protecting  plus he got great effort from mike Wallace 


I have to write just under 3k words per day to finish in time o.O Well this isn't daunting or anything.. 


Why else join a social network if you're not going to be antisocial right? 


 Awe, I love you, you made me feel much better. 


It's a relief to see someone finally thought outside the box when pitching Motown the Musical. Original.  


Spent the day in the emergency, can barely see... Well that was a fun Friday. 


Ohh Blake Shelton, you know me too well..          is absolutely beautiful!      she is obviously a genius beyond our comprehension 


trust AIA in providing a speedy service for your medical insurance needs 


ouh boy ! kids are stuck on a chair . better take a picture of it and post it on the web , and laugh about it later ==' 


Oh, so you're gonna give up your day-to-day status just cuz you had back surgery? Garrett really fooled us with that DTD stuff lol 


Why does the weekend always go so quickly. Oh yeah because I love Monday morning work 


So News Ltd got the Karmichael Hunt "scoop" wrong...what a surprise 


Outstanding coverage of Snow Katrina by our DFW Newscasters  


Such a shame Welbeck's not playing tonight, how will we cope?      


  oh man, well, I'll be praying for you. Only a couple thousand more miles of traveling to go, yeah? 


Well, there go my FB stalking plans for the day. Oh, how I love my friends who keep bringing him up. 


Aah, another morning getting up for work. Oh how I have missed this  


i dont know where u learnt the brutal way of killing conversations, but u r doing it absolutely fine.
 


"Hey Melissa are you gonna miss me for a month?" "Yea, I'm defiantly gonna miss your sass" 


 Sorry, I told you the little hamster falls asleep at the wheel sometimes!  I'm a little slow today. :)


YES! I will be a vs model! Geez I just wish y'all would stop bugging me about it already! 


I love when people randomly stop talking to me  


Fulham going for the joint manager approach. Proven winning formula that. 


Just found the Business Friends Madrid group on  with banner of the dictatorship flag. What a lovely way to wake up! 


  I was just making a joke.  sorry I didn't have room for the  tag


Please post more selfies! I love seeing you on Christmas because you look SO different during the holidays!!   


" I love being an unpaid, born in babysitter!   


 I love people who have health insurance attacking the only way we've gotten massive health care expansion in 50 yrs. 


 and he is still better than peyton, right?  


   yea cause the team rich inherited was WAY more talented than when Brady got there 


I wonder what 2014 will bring... Yippee  


On a positive note, at least they sprayed protestors today with water instead of bullets! That's a start right!?  


 Right. All the surgeons I know are broke. 


  , na really lil wayne when he was small, like say u knw am, 


Yep. Now we move our sticks. Good timing with one minute left. 


Who's the lucky girl who might get another knee surgery? This one.   


 or yea cos mi lifes complete when i talk to you  ha neaw


Unbelievable night life in Leominster! Deffo will miss this when I leave! :( 


can't explain how much I love being less important than drinking    


Phil states his religious beliefs and is kicked off of the air. Way to go   


"2wice" cause putting a T behind,

Is just too mainstream.

 


Group of 5 guys-"omg I say sassy too!" Uhhh okay  


redskins with the great gang tackle of dwayne bowe lol 


Great 4-0 weekend in Cali, so pumped to get back to the arctic tonight  


Knave: "I do too... I also apparently understand."
 


  I agree. But you know,  the first amendment is more of a guideline than an actual.... Amendment. 


Downtown Prescott is so much fun to drive through.



Dear A&amp;E
You were right to suspend  bc everybody knows Duck Dynasty's target audience is members of GLAAD! 


I sure wish the wind would blow some more!! 


  working at Hubert's is also fun  


I love when my plans get changed at the last second :) 


To an online friend, just now: "Hashtag  You've been hanging around me too much. Hashtag 


My dog chewed up my brand new toms while I was spending the morning cleaning up throw up....   


 got sacked? Such a shame he was such a top bloke, model citizen and all, so poorly treated.... such a shame  


My level of  is adversely proportional to the level of  I encounter.


 Sam has a criminal record? Oh gee, I had no clue!    


the abundance of 'hick girls' at Lawrence is surprisingly high 


 is gutless      


Can't wait for next year once chryst gets the offensive line he needs it's a shame the game isn't on here 


Oh hey, look.  Brendan Smith going to the box for interference.  Bet NO ONE saw that one coming...  


  Thank goodness they just cut in arts and sciences. All the sports are safe! Why twitter needs a  font.


Best way to solve any problem? Go to the bar.   


 Drone Delivery System Is Met With   'Jeff Bezos's aspirations to offer   inspired...'


47 Ronin looks like it's the movie of the year. 


I really hope she brings back Sabi. Pot full of vegetables!  


Perfect weather for our soccer banquet today.  


   Yeah, I'd hate to have environmentalists pissed at me. 


Goodness. Did y'all know that it's cold here?  


Guarantee I'll like slip over and split my head open during my drama exam today 


can the night get any better  97  104  him a sandwich,      


 I'm sure Colin's motivation is to please the media and do awesome interviews regardless of how he plays on Sunday. 


It's only a tiny buzzkill to live with someone who hates Christmas.  


I just RTed  but he doesn't have a (ridiculous) blue checkmark like IndyStar tweeters so I don't know if he's legit. 


"    THATS IT! *charges at her*" .... Ok... then what? 


Just my luck! My laptop isn't cooperating, so I can't do my essay.. Oh no! 


There are so many kids named "revo", "stealth" and "CPi" in Durbs, judging by the stickers on cars. 


Nothing more attractive than a girl who drops the F bomb every other word all over social media sites 


Not sure but did they fire the lions coach?  


Sleeping with guns is weird?? Noooo, I do it all the time! It's not normal?  


Well, fuck my life sideways this is just the best news ever.  


   just a couple of has guys that can't win when it matters anymore 


A lovely repeat basement flood. A gut/re-waterproof of our home would also be warmly welcomed.   


Had bruised gums, sensitive teeth, sore throat and a mild lisp since the dentist on Monday. All for the bargain price of 50. Lush 


Don't you love it when you open a can of Mountain Dew and it squirts you in the face? 


Omg sum1 plz buy dis 4 me      Cornbelt Conference should get its own 9-man class. That league wins too many championships. Give someone else a chance. 


I'm a fictional whore afterall. I would be marrying a bunch of guys. gonna leave monogamy behind  


 no idea who you're referring to. I trust everyone in office. They're all honest. 


I love how you purposely ignore me, makes me feel so loved yenno  


 have I told you all about my girlfriend? She is Asian white French Mexican yellow Spanish German brown Canadian. 


 amazing that no one has asked you that question before, Ryan. Or if they have, can't ever remember seeing you answer it 


Paid my phone, now time to get ready for nothing ((((((((: 


And as if by magic it changes from clear to cloudy. Awesome. I bloody love weather I do! Oh I do! Do I. 


Colchester takes awesome care of the roads! Almost just got in a fender bender...   


I liked ScoreCenter just the way it was.. Thanks ESPN 


 OMG yea. Clearly. Cause I'm like totally naked in it. 


 silly girl, cis gay dudes can do no wrong. They're totally oppressed, which means they can't hurt others. 


I'm glad that we're doing so much super good work curing cancer...in mice. 


Spending New Year's Eve at home puking ... my life's pretty grand. 


Yes. Please rain when I decide to take a walk to get some food. 


Is there a game this weekend then, wouldn't have known......... 


After this morning in the Rec I guess I can cross off showering with a sweaty old guy off my list.  


A lot of my karma must be contributed to how nice I am to people 


 well yeah 40 minutes before school is the perfect time for you to remind me. 


Watching  on Christmas at 2am... Yep. It's safe to say I'm in the spirit. 


I want to run for office and promise my supporters "free" stuff which I will pay for by taxing the supporters of my opposition. 


Demons just came on. This night just keeps getting better and better. 


Love getting up at 7 for the  iron man tournament!    


 it just comes so easily to them... the charm, the charisma  :/ 


I have come to the conclusion that the word photogenic and my name are synonyms 


 very true - that is why ill always go for an Andy Carroll rather than a David Villa   


 So awake that this moment in time. Haha  


There's nothing like being out in the field this early in the morning. 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                  


 Tja. Life is not fair! And it probably wasn't meant to be...     ;-)


Its OK - cause the Shannys are experts at the half time adjustment  


 you have such a way with words I can't handle it, you're so smooth. 


  Wow, Garrett is so astute. Let's keep him!!!   


 working at subway is like 10x better than the biscuits 


 what if you don't wanna follow your dreams what if all your dreams are nightmares what then     


Yeah he's looking like a Heisman winner right now 


Waiting in airports is my new favorite past time 


Good to see that Cena got new material while on the injured list...   


 2nd goal of the season eh? Thank God for safe picks 


   for a  moreover the name is "Guardian Angel" , must be joking   for the the classic "Time to run that turkey off of you" post thanksgiving practice today -.-  



 nobody has ever passed a drug test without being clean. 


So people want their favourite star alone forever? That's just so nice... 


My FAVORITE defense the people tweeting "Happy Birthday America" is when they claim  yet they have no sarcastic tweets normally.


My mother and I have pretty amazing conversations that always leave her proud.....   I know I'm so excited to play in that great gym! 


: Doesn't feel like Christmas unless I have to go to work anymore , thank god my boss asked me to work tonight  


   im not comparing, i'm just mocking his comment 


Ladies, lock up your boyfriends, I'm actually painting my fingernails.  


Thanks to the foreigners tonight. Y'all are the best. 


 You haven't tweeted anything about being a vegan for a while... Are you ok??   


Really, Quinn! Sex is the first thing I think of after being tortured all day!  


Congratulate me on my dark circles. Worked hard to achieve this particular shade.      love rumors! They found out so much about themselves that they themselves didn't know before! 


Really Tim??!?!.. Really.. For the defensive boards in the 4th?   Bring back Bargnani! 


  Us gay folk, we "love" how ppl just assume we are, &amp; I quote "Arrogant God Haters" Thank You Phil! 


2nd consecutive New year's celebrated alone. Great way to end 2013. 


the seniors.. we love school so much we wanted to sleep here      hope you don't become broke when you 70 


Learned that my login information was compromised in an attack on  via 2 emails from other services.  


About to turn up at the gay club. I work at 5 in the morning. YOLO. 


   Thank God hockey is a team sport....   


Wow, I wonder if the Comp got their grad pics today or not. 


Hah,  that fourth wall. Dig the  Space Dandy 


 Will you stop! He's selfish and all about himself! Smh. 


Don't you just love when people read your message and don't reply&gt;&gt; 


Hahahaha! Komedyante nga sya. Benta ang punchline. Ang sarap nyang i-punch.  RT  Si Ai-Ai kay Binay? Patay!


studying for this cattle production exam right now... oh dear god. thanks for cumulative exams. 


Smoking weed in front of kids at a park... wow that's how chill Merced people are lol 


It just makes sense that Packers start playing their best D once Clay is out of the game.  


  no way!?!? Thats the first time ive heard it!! Why didnt u tell me? 


Oh. I've asked you to update me. And nobody told me about new K pics  with Cj' Thank you guys so fucking much 


Yes, let's point out how poorly one player performed because we all know one player wins or loses the ball game, right?! 


Brennan even banned me from all her FB pages. That was a sad day. 


Merry Christmas patriots...You really earned that game!!! you've really stepped up your cheating ways!! 


Another fantastic display of defending by Smalling... 


Oh well, no more  anymore. No two pauls=no more listening. Well done to the bossmen! 


Alabama has the best kicker in college football 


That was just icing on top of the cake.  


   Yeah... I'm bawling over here. ;) 


  courage? He was soo brave he put a bullet in his head.  Great guy for people to look up to. 


Omfg holy poop Santa turned me into a unicorn for Christmas, how'd he know what I wanted:-)    a good thing  got rid of Marty English, cuz he was obviously the problem.   


Come home from a 9 hour shift &amp; have to shovel snow for an hour. Glad the other 4 people that live here haven't been home all day 


So for my "bday party" I think imma drink alone in my room lmao.  


Lovely read 'Pakistan in my iPod'  by  


Just ran half a mile. The freshman 15 can suck it.  


Juanuary starts tomorrow. Actually tonight but just a preview. But Juan Pablo invades our living rooms tomorrow. Hooray. 


 It's a proven fact that white men are better at being Japanese than people who are Japanese. 


 so nw she wants u tweet for her...how lucky u r 


Don't worry about showing the replay of the calls or anything...who would want to see those anyway? 


Listening to the ashes rerun on  we are 55/1 going along nicely. Should be a big score here. 


Everton fans must really be missing Moyes style of play. They have looked a shadow of the side he created 


At least the  call great plays after their timeouts... 


 shhhh!... You'll get in trouble if you criticize Pagano for his coaching...  


I just love how big bad WADA are going after little old Jamaica &amp; yet they leave Spain &amp; other drug countries alone.  Way to go 


I would almost knock over a lamp in the hotel lobby. I'm sure no one noticed. 


Glad I have the best luck in the world   


 Such an educated &amp; well thought out retort.  

I refuse to have a battle of wits with someone who has none. 


My mother makes me feel so good about myself. 


God, Mina, your fiance is doing something with his life. How horrible.  


Thanks for telling us 3 DAYS before the event! 


Well I for one would never have guessed. Tom Daley   


OMG... Arias, Zanka, Rekik and Tamata... Vitesse should be very scared of that defence line!   


Just completed a 4.11 mi run - surprisingly, not too many out this am.    


This break has been sooo crazzzyyyyy   


EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK!  motion capture work as Groot in 'Guardians of the Galaxy'    glad my Dad is like the County santa that everyone calls&amp; drags me along to all his adventures. i so want to be seen with that. 


  I really hope you just forget to include  in that last tweet !?!?


" Sport: Barkers Pompey era begins with defeat   I'd of never have guessed that!  


Kurt &amp; Rachel's neighbors must be deaf not to hear that music. Because apts in NYC are sound-proof.   


Having a blast at work.        Titans about to take the gas pipe...color me surprised. 


Oh good, the concert wasn't over yet.  


your enthusiasm is overwhelming. please calm down.  


Yet another dream girl dating another dude, damn.  


 lol that great performance in game one def warrants a start 


The Grand Election in South Africa in 1994 had issues of ballot boxes going mixing or have already been sorted. Sounds so familiar 


I mean, seeings how our country is completely under control at this point.... 


Iowa?  Must be hard diving into corn fields!    


ana shoft elgomla de fen abl kda!! i feel like im living the same thing over and over again   


  Looks like that education Jessie Jackson paid for her to get did some good. 


 idk, don't people see Santa as a sex symbol?   


Out prepared, out coached, out played, out done in every way. Nice effort Aggies. 


I just love doing all the forklift driving.  


 for my ability to play one note above an octave   


sungjong's gay? oh puhlease there are 6 more gays with him ;;;; u dunno that frog? looool 


No that's ok professors don't worry about posting final grades at a reasonable time, were not anxiously awaiting them or anything 


Bitch you ugly, bitch you ugly, both of ya hoes look scary- best rap lyric everrrrrrrrr. 


    Stop playing! Disturbing to people only expecting hard n cold news! LOL    


   It's called  same thing sounds better :D


Really glad we got to see this side of josh hutcherson or whatever his name is, lip syncing to an 80s song.  


Some atmosphere at the Ethiad. City have great fans..  


Feeling second best is the greatest feeling 


Proud moment.  RT  Congratulations Detroit  Spending New Years basically alone with  Fun night  


"  wait you have friends that text you?"  


It's going to be 4 degrees tonight.  How cool is that?!   


 Wow, why didn't I think of that?  


Im thankful for every day my grandma insults my intelligence: ) 


Just saw a Coach commercial..and what a deal! You get a free umbrella after spending an arm and a leg there! what could be better? 


There are Eng fans  Wembley tonight! sounds like it's played behind closed doors! brilliant support the football team have!  NOT!


I think my favorite thing ever is late night fire alarms that keep me awake   


My favorite part of the competition is when all the girls are doing make and I got nothing to do 


  always here to help  if you need anything else let me know 


I think  secretly runs the  Twitter account 


 I totally agree. Getting ignored is in my top hmm 5 things to do. I would choose to do it everyday if I could.   :)


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  Self-employed. Trading your time for money. I'm impressed. 


Guess I'm heading up north today. . . Can't wait 


Seriously ppl how in the world will Erin Andrews stay warm at 2days GB game? I have no idea!  
 mum is so nice!             Asians aren't "real minorities" so therefore do not experience racism     I love it when my phone tells me "video can't be played because of the format" blah! 


The most selfless act one can commit is inhaling someone's second hand smoke      


I actually loooove being called fat :) :) :) :) :) :) :)  


Yes, I'm sure my problem is too much fiber and too little water.  


I hope I can make through this wonderful Monday!!!     


Pfffff this revision really isn't going well. Great expectations for the exams ahead!  


Could the  make history by taking  with the first selection 12yrs after taking big bro   


A weak man cant love a strong woman, he wont know what to do with her    


 We tenured faculty get academic freedom the old fashioned way. We EARN it.    


I found an uncountable list of nonsense things on Android today. Impressive stuff. Kudos to Google and Samsung!  


Been up for only an hour and I'm already tired and pissed the fuck off. It's going to be a great day... 


Being in Albany over break when campus is dead is depressing. I can't wait for winter break when I'm the only one here. 


 Lol psshh they are dirtyass people :o like I will neeeevaa do that :o 


OH NO! OH GOD! Is my "animal rights agenda" really showing?!?

Did "VEGAN" tip you off?

   continue to drive 35 when there is no snow on the ground! 


 that's our industry now I guess... (


Thanks for not doing what I politely asked of you.. Appreciate it  


Hopefully my car starts tomorrow.   


I make myself laugh haha     steveo450301   weekend is going to be the best thing ever. I love hanging out by myself!!! 


Im glad you can talk to me. Means so damn much.  


So looking forward to waking up at 5:45 tomorrow  


 The Presidency doesn't have time for such 'frivolity'. OBJ's letter needs a 'robust response'. That's our priority. 


Boyfriend Going Out With The Homies And I'm Here Home.. Alone..  Great -.- Someone Hmu Please!!!!    


I'm horribly disappointed in myself tonight. I chose homework over alcohol.  


  Choosing corruption over lawfulness , what an amazing judge 


The guy who wrote this sounds like a tool.  central. -- The Nativity (scientifically accurate version)  - All-time best Matt Kelly food recommendation... Mexican food place at  airport. 


 Anniversary tickets in the bag! Week before my wedding. Can't imagine I'll be enjoying that weekend much? 


Be brave and strong let your roar be heard     Scandal or football tonight....  guess I'll watch badminton....



So glad the  has highway thru hell on and not coverage on the storms that will be occurring today 


Lol some people don't realize I'm actually making fun of them not complimenting them  


 OH NO! How will he EVER go on after someone on a news show pointed out he's black in a white fam!?  


Test scores don't measure all facets of intelligence?? What a shock!     glad I make so much money when I work.  


 oh that's what that button is for? Gotcha wasn't aware haha  lol


I just love it when the guy who works beside me comes back from a smoke.  you smell so bad it's making my eyes water.


 Andrew Bogut " If you want to see the epitome of human Christmas spirit, check my mentions!  


I'm sure we'll hear how horrible Auburn n Missouri r for allowing so many points like w/     


FUUUUUUCK TANGINA LANG what a fucking good way to end 2013  puta


Facebook download still not working.  How will I live???    


Can't wait to get that notebook that has a picture of Amir Khan's back on it. I mean seriously brilliant marketing product that is. 


My room smells like a frickin Christmas tree, thanks for the air freshened aunt Col 


When he's a dick, that's fine. When I'm a dick, "it's taking a good thing to far."  


 It's like he doesn't even understand modern college football like you. 


I love that everything I get on twitter it's always something new! I Appreciate it  


 what an astute observation you have made! I'm so proud of you! 


Dear  why has it taken the train 20 minutes to go from Chigwell to woodford. 2 stop...  


Wow this christmas just keeps getting better and better 


 This is how awesome I look in the mornings!   so 


 poor defense. Maybe we should make Haz the HC. 


What do you think animals think about humans?  As I am I human how would I know. Ask them   guys it's snowing outside! I thought I should be the first on Facebook/twitter  to let you know. 


So my thanksgiving is already cancelled. Thanks mom and dad. If you didn't know, that's 


I dont get when I don't respond to a guys text they fb message me... ya cause that'll speed up my response time  



Yes I completely understand why dentist in
toothpaste advertisements have stethoscope
around their neck


It's great that I've been so productive these past few days before my exams.  


You're such a great friend for putting me down once I start to get happy.  


If you know you suck at it then why do you still do it? 


Wow, I couldn't tell that the announcers were rooting for Georgia. 


Kobe Bryant is really making some noise in his comeback 


Just so you know, Nashville has gone 70 degrees to 30 in 2 days. Music City winters are the best. 


Being a third wheel is the best feeling ever.. Lol 


Did  write an article today explaining how many games the  could win if Seneca Wallace got hurt?  


Thanks for your apology  It will really help with the cost of a future flight home. 


  totally want to be known as Ms. Tit  


I made it a whole 2.5 days this week before starting to feel sick enough to debate if I could be at work  


A solid 3 hours of sleep is just what I needed.  


Got in 2 hours of sleep before my 8 shift!    


11% Pay rise for MP's then!! Think they've earn't that don't you? 


 Setting up  extensions with Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 is fun...  Actually it's not too bad.


Wow. Another Cena vs Orton title match. Surprise, surprise.  


This should be a fun walk to work today...   didn't give y'all the test because I figured you would all fail it." Wow. What great teaching skills. 


Actually listened to that. Couldn't be more blatent of a rip-off. Gotta love pop music's originality.  


Thanks to the persistent twitching eye and the creeping fever for making tonight one of the best.  


 Ohoh she doesn't need any birthday party to prove she is 21. she has already showed us she thinks she is more than 21! 


Great, the best heel  currently has, is wrestling in a Santa suit. Good job creative team you deserve a raise.  


I love missing out on all the fun wintery activities because I can't effing walk. 


Lambeau field is certainly looking lush and green today...    


   
Tower of Babel
God: "If we don't stop them, there's nothing they can't do"



Lol it's funny because it's a minor second. Lolololol  


I just loved seeing all the coffee makers, clothes, watches, and food today. You all are sooo freakin original. Love it. 


Lagu ini, genrenya slow slow mellow galaw gitu, cocok buat lagu kemenangan  


It would be a real shame if someone shot Obama while he's in Africa 


Sweet, thanks for texting me back. I really appreciate that.  


I love how my friends ask about him more than they ask about me.. -.- like I'm good too guys, thanks for asking  


Great parenting. There isn't a better way to bring a child to  

   


Going to leave for the mall in a little bit. Time to do a lot of shopping yay! And all alone. Woo! 


We've started out on such a great note today.. 


Noo! The reverse of privatisation! Bad! Bad!   two weeks in Florida its back to London today.  Really can't wait to get back to work 


 :* LOVE YOU MUAAA! jajaja   Shut up Guadalupe Shut up!


 Why should a broadcaster be interested in their domestic competitions? 


+1 RT  Aqib Talib did something stupid? color me shocked.  


Is everyone impressed that nicki minaj likes Villanova? 


I'm probably the most lady like person  has ever met  


Be honest a sweet 3rd grade girl with nice handwriting is almost guaranteed straight As if she does all her worksheets      


 Looks like finally earned that Nobel Peace Prize. 


Omfg my room 58 degrees fuck I feel the snowing coming in 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 DANG! All this time I've been following the WRONG Sam Neill -.- 


Just put our deposit down for this beauty       problems are fantastic!   


 What's the big deal anyway? We're legalizing here in US. If citizens can be high, why not politicians, 2? 


" How about that win  I didn't expect this from you 


More broken communication and coverage with Williams and the Burnett - love that Charles Woodson was expendable 


    singing and yelling are two distinct skills that shan't be mixed. 


 is such a strange concept. Why would I want to miss my exciting life? 


 Because what the world needs is just one more law     just love people who think they know everything 


If the  would have committed so many PIs last week, the  would have scored enough to win.  


 WHAT is more perfect for Christmas than getting power back. :D     


 Of course. You should have accepted that by now! 




If Nick or LeSean get hurt tonight I can't wait to hear all of the Chip defending and outcry for the next week. 


so... anything going on with the  this morning? Haven't heard anything on Twitter 


There is nothing better than knowing that you can help the team but they refuse to let you 


Those surprise visit just really make me happy    


I am so irresponsible and "diligence" is alien to me. A+ student 


Shout out to  for making me late to work! Thanks you rock 


" When my boobs start itching, I know it's time for bed.   ...this how u kno yawning is overated 


oh yes. All previous tweets were SARCASTIC RT    Please mention  if you want exoneration from fatwas.


Just give Te'o a few more games. He'll be good then, I swear. 


Don't everyone blow up my phone tonight at once with texts and/or twitter for my 21st birthday!!  


Foto: welcome-t0-wond3rland:           love watching the raptors. They build you up to a 27pt lead and lose the game.    


Lol. RT  I'm so excited for this weekend! 


Last night: Fireball + sweet potato chips. Well if thats not paleo I don't know what is! :P 


A big thanks to my local FOX affiliate for broadcasting the obviously superior STL  ARI game instead of the SEA  SF game. 


Welcome December!! Just like I wanted start this month!!



Best part about hating your job is having to go 5 times a week 


Aaaaaah GREAT!!!! Dappy is on Big on Brother!  Dappy doesn't make me happy!! 


Im so excited that i get to have Wheeler for TWO consecutive hours next tri.   


People from Sheffield can now get to London 6 minutes earlier!!! 70m well spent!!! 


Talk about some power field goals Woohooo!!!! 




just LOVE when my professor takes days-weeks to post my test grade  


my wisdom tooth makes me feel so terrible...So Feel Better, Victoria:) 


Love when i hear things from other people instead of the person themself. 


 People gotta chill, like wut...  


That's why they took you in the 2nd round Tavon! 


When your mother signs you up to go antique shopping with your grandmother all day  no, it's ok. I didn't have plans 


Remember  is the LAW OF THE LAND. It cant be changed so deal with it.    


Rebecca Black - Saturday is really good...  


Dangit. All the mens onesies I can find only come as large as a Womens Small.  


This place is off the chain I can't handle it  


  "Aunt Deb's hair scares me" Get ready for Friday... Oh my gosh I can't wait! 


Did you see the sunrise this morning? Instead of photographing it I'm going to an outstanding day job. Booooo  


I've just received an email in my Yahoo! inbox. Waaaaah! 


A day with out sunshine is like, you know, night. 


Mack Brown resigns and now the Cowboys lose.. what a GREAT weekend... 


It's okay I didn't want to do anything tonight. I just want to sit here and be bored all night.. 


Wow wonderful display of sportsmanship Michigan 


 I'm amazed you use  while you still haven't understood my character is fake (no KKK, no racism, no cousine-fucking etc)


Tonights dinner..... I love my life when mommy doesn't cook for me.   happy to see someone getting some in the house. Jeeeze.       


 more  than  haha. Maybe I'm one of the stalkers lol. I do tend to be more positive after  though


  thankful Neville thought the same  


Sitting at home tearing bread for stuffing ALONE. Great Friday night   Well that's lovely. I'm so glad that my employer who uses that insurance plan was quick to inform us of this... 


You guys Taylor Swift is so country I can't handle it 


So spending was down this year to kick off holiday season. Looks like retailers opening on Thanksgiving really helped.  


   TIIC are going full tilt on this, their subtly is lacking. 


Oh, Cowboys. I can always count on you for a good laugh! Romo is so clutch!     


Gosh darn it. Having the oppurtunity to get a higher education and do something with my life is such an inconvenience. 


 you know at this point the tigers will win 120 games and sweep their way threw the playoffs.... 


 what do i look like to you? A doctor?!! NOO!!!  ;D


What a good ass way to start  i swear ! 


My batchmate told me she had pork for dinner.I asked, So how does cannibalism feel like. 


so disrespectful!!!  RT  you been outdone bruh   2  deadlines today. Pitching another  to a Journal. Damn, the  is glamorous!!  


  i have lost all motivation i only care about christmas


Working a double today sounds like so much fun 


 Don't we always consult Hollywood with major life decisions? 


It hasn't been this wet and windy since the last wet and windy day.   


Feel like I've got my first cold of 2014, fun 


" This is a Highway forecast for 5 pm today. LOTS OF ICY ROADS good to see media not creating panic. 


I absolutely love how my phone has an 11 hour delay with notifying me that someone has tweeted at me... 


$TWTR down more than 5% today. How much lower does it have to fall before  does think it's worth buying? 


 there defense can handle the number one scoring offense since week 9..... Not scared at all 


So it's cold AND rainy outside...yep looks like today is going to be a really productive day...  


A month and a half to return an email. Asked if I was interested in their DC position. I'll get back to him in 6 weeks! 


It's amazing how many people become experts on a certain sport as soon as they start watching it 


Put everything before you daughter that's definitely the right thing to do 


Good thing I know how to dress for the weather 


That's how my "working mom" days look too! (Regram from giseleofficial.)   love presentations where people read straight from the slides and that's it. 


 obviously he played great this year.  


Car wrecks are cool. Don't know why I don't do this shit more often?  


Barack Brobama smoking weed as a teenager? Nah dude of course not 


A pleasant combination of words this morning   know wht u consume n stayed in ur body by looking at ur skin. Coz u r not a book  


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                


 at least Mr. Rod hasn't been suspended yet 


   We can't be beating Halesowen because everything has gone to wrack and ruin since reed and France left!!  


School starts again 1/13. Econ... Again. Yay.   


How ironic is it that I just got followed by  Lol  


 lol I'm doing it now before the network goes down!   (I'll do that gag tomorrow evening lol)


Way to make that not obvious at all that Matty was going to ask Bailey. I did not see that at all.  


Well done spurs on 6/6 wins in Europe, puts our 14th consecutive year making the knockout stage of the CL to shame 


Once again  have created a completely different home kit...   


Oh that's so great...its snowing and I have class tonight...perfect 


Those friends who only talk to you when they need something.   


Ugh snow...I mean oh goody, snow!   


It's a SHAME there's no one at the  today...  ;)  Museum of Modern Art (MoMA)  awkward moment when you have a long walk in the freezing cold and you watch your roommate drive by you to go home...  :/


Can't wait to watch all the  unboxings in the next few hours!  yeah I'm filming one too...


And once again fabulous customer service from  


Wow the Hild Bede windows are great,  they keep in all the radiator's heat. i can really tell the heating is on in here!  


Knoam and I are so ready for the Jerusalem 10K!   


the cops standing all around north really made me feel safe 


  Not a defenseless player under the rules.  NFL really cares. 


Love having a day of just English and maths WITH STABBING UTERUS PAINS  


Dear GUYS if ur looking for a PERFECT GIRL try to read books.. There is no such thing as perfection but acceptance..  


Oh well I'm sure we'll dust ourselves off, pick ourselves up because we can't fault the effort and we'll go again next week  


Hey  whats a littke facemasking between friends?   


Midterm week is great because your not stressed about anything and you get *so much sleep 


 Cant wait for my detention tomorrow!! 


  THIS RIGHT HERE!!!    I love being fluent in 


my bby bro awe you can tell he really loves me    Saturday night is about to get crazy.   


Damn! I lost my crystal ball. If anyone finds it please return it ASAP?! Thanks!     


Aww I'm the one you think of to talk to when you're hammered?  


Ohhh man I just love doing homework and studying...it's my absolute favorite!   


I just love waking up and being sick!  


Wow this morning is off to a terrific start! 


I just bought a corgi calendar,  I swear I'm not obsessed though.   log mini bites for breakfast    


greatest song lyrics ever written "The Fox (What Does The Fox Say?)"   


 i'm in the club, high off purp, with no eyebrows most of my weekends  


" S/O to IP for holding it down for this long. Didn't nobody in our District Do it as big as y'all did. Props to you all." 


 you're probably gunna have to know how to find the exact number of electrons in each atom for the rest of your life. 


   better be snow coming as I was disappointed when i woke up 


my parents are super into group iMessage and group e-mail. I love it.  


 Wouldnt you rather have Garrett hand clapping when they suck tho?! 


 If you think u know how to drive on Indian roads you are already a bad driver.  first hand


Looks like i will be around for a very long time.   arrived! Now we have to go back    little_princesspea jimegoza96   boy I get to sing an octave higher...that's not hard at all 


Look how overly ecstatic my dog is for Christmas   you know who wears sunglasses inside? Blind people. And douchebags. (      


 dad said he'll cut an arm off the sleeve and you have a deal ;)  just do 90 and you have a deal hun :) xx


I love Christmas time because Adam turns into a greedy asshole 


Insomnia in a small way helps with finals prep...     


   AWAY the INSANITY of LIFE &amp; PARENTHOOD!  seems everyone on  is trying to express  on the booting out of 


This place is sooo busy I can't handle it    its my fucking graphics work I'm having such a blast! 


as if i dont give off enuf of a 70s pornstar vibe i wear alotta 3 button polos n got mor hair growin on my upper chest  


The remains of very thankful people.   scary  remember last year when the  were at .500 a few times but could never get OVER .500.   


another opticians appointment tomorrow  


 But all the parody accounts that came after the movie!  They were so hilarious 


only an hour and a half left of this class, gotta looovvveeee 2 and a half hour classes  


This is such a great hour to be awake on a Saturday  


Taking a longggggg nap then waking up to work, great!(: 


 I wasn't being serious. Should have put  LOL


I don't care that people are lying to me about that I am pretty 


good thing self confidence wasn't already an issue  


Sure! I'd love you to walk me to my car, guy with criminal record, a body buy steroids, and who I swear tried drugging my water. 


Instead of fence patrol in the walking dead I am currently doing wall patrol in my basement bc it is seeping water   


The most exciting dream I had recently was of me driving and change lanes (only once) on the highway 


Bus driver interview thingy 10th Dec yaay wooo exited (i'm not really but a jobs a job) hmmm woooo 


Rebecca Ferguson and James Arthur - two of the most charismatic figures in modern music. 


Stuck in this house all weekend, once again. Yay! 


Hemsky first off the ice after making that save. 


I forgot how much I absolutely love working here in the winter... It's so warm in here I can't stand it 


The kid who eats everything for breakfast is working today so I just can't wait to see what he's gonna tell me about today. 


 what a great idea! You're a genius  


 looks sold out today for the  men 


     ... Why in the fuck would I tell u ? 


The Big 10 is off to its usual strong start in bowl games  Even the teams they have joining the conference next year lose.


 who dcided it's a good idea to use Scooby Doo to market ins? Kids see the ad then want to watch it. Thanks for that. 


Thanks everybody for wishing the girls varsity basketball team luck in our game  


I'm seriously the best at wrapping presents. 


 Just wrestling really and enjoying the big town of Ulysses.



"When i fast for 3 days straight, my muscle mass increases during the fast...it works for me, body isn't a textbook." 


We are all so polite to each other in class....  


Remember when  got his syrup for his pancakes from room service in like less than a minute  


hm, a11y awareness really seems in a sad state :(   (no all of course ;) 


So happy veterans day to all the vets. And I'll see you all at Golden Corral!! 


LinkedIn has also decided that anyone who messages me is now a "contact." Great, that's just what I wanted! 


I wish someone would post a picture of what the snow looks like outside today ...    


 haha that's awesome. I never though of climbing into a washing machine naked! 


I just absolutely love having to park 7 buildings away from my apartment and have to walk across ice covered sideways. 


Silly FVSU...Can't let Jacksonville State hang around like that!  MT   are leading


 the Confederate flag started gaining popularity in the North. One big happy family! 


Thanks to the 5 year old who knocked me down at the skate place tonight! Not being able to straighten my arm is so fun:) 


I love when you do that. It makes my night so much better 


Driving on the DVP in darkness was fun  


Good to see the usual 'superb' atmosphere at the Bridge.   


Boy am I glad we got to the movie theater 7 hours early to get seats. *phew*  


It's not good sarcasm if you're gonna add the "  " hashtag beside it.


To the guy who smelled like a dirty diaper and sat next to me in the plane....thank you so much for that wonderful experience....



The Caps must have done a good makeup job on Grabo's face....


About to watch this National Championship! I wonder who I'm going for??      parked in the Admin parking spot at my brothers school..REBEL 


 omg no way I wouldn't of guessed that  Urgh will she ever learn -_-


 oh, so you do it more.  &lt;3 you too. .......


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 one month, one day, 23 hours, 48 minutes, and some seconds. . . But whose counting? 


Have I stated how excited I am for Christian Ponder vs. Scott Tolzien this weekend!?   


Thanks for the delay  I really appreciate being home later than planned 


All the best coaches are actually sitting either on their couch or in a barstool. 


Ha ha ha. I'm working on Black Friday.....    ?-____-


milner 1st touch tonight is "awesome" ......3 on the trot    


"  cant hear u from the top. Lol. Who is balo did he play for Chelsea?  &lt; Why ask a Q when u can't hear no1?


Michael Owen on BT Sport... Thank you so much.   


Only 2000 more words until I get to start my second paper of the day  


I've been up for over 24 hours so far. And thanx to my job for keeping me there until 2:30 am 


Nothing wrong with posh schools. Posh kids make excellent MPs   


I seriously LOVE being woken up from the people above me stomping around   I can't wait to be home for a week to sleep


Ladies, constantly tweeting about wanting a man etc. and looking for sympathy really does work. You have my attention.  


Chicken, cheese and lettuce for tea because mum didn't cook me any  


It's always great to see a famous person I respect totally mock mental illness. 


I don't have winter tires, tomorrow should be a fun drive into work 


Damn!! I worked hard af for that C in finance hahah 


Just shoveled for the final time this storm.  Glad I waited to do it till today, it was WAY warmer than Monday!   


 Jesus Christ was in your class? Wow that's pretty cool 


More  times in  ( Is it time to move  yet?? Shit here is stale.


Yes, Mr Fleishman, that's why Lone Ranger bombed last year; Darn kids and your iPhones!   


 I'm sorry your cowboys didn't make the playoffs 



Yes, "Hey how are you" definitely means "I'm trying to sleep with you."  


 real confident having Kevin Lowe as part of the management team - great front office guy 


Well....this night just keeps getting better huh?? 


 cheers for coming round after clubbing and letting me and Matt wait up til 6 waiting for you  


today on the  show, socialism! cc     


He just needs to  - right?   let's go 


  hahaha, because comparing Obama to Hitler isn't a stretch at all. 


 Buying 15 cases of water and granola bars from Costco tonight just incase.    


It's kind of funny how all of my extended family has become die-hard  fans over the last 5 years. Great timing for them. 


 Sarcasm increases oxygen to the brain which also keeps the brain from over heating.  is good for you. 


 Oh yeah.......... wasn't just 3-4 weeks ago that everyone said hog supplies were tight!!!   lol


Positive news about my former high school  T: Pupil who questioned 9/11 muted by school  up my gcse certificate thingys tonight  


When I think "logical", I think accusing Anita Sarkeesian of not being a real gamer based on footage from four fucking years ago. 


Oh yeah, fellah saying, after 18 months separation, "I'm gonna rape your sweet ass"... Well now, THAT'S pure romance for you there! 


Can't wait to be all hopped up on drugs tomorrow when I get my wisdom teeth out 


Feel being deceived is really freakin   aye


No... I don't like Star Wars or Darth Vader at all...      just love working with underage kids who don't know how to use their brains.  


At least my Michael kors heels have out lasted my primark heels ... 


I just love going on break and hearing little kids run around and cry!!!  


Oh they let ambidextrous people in the NBA now  



Cyber savings at GAP brands is funny. Higher margins at GAP &amp; Banana = higher % discount. The rest of the year be are suckers! Yay! 


If you read the last five or six tweets I wonder why girls love one direction. Hmmm.... I wonder? 


I love waking up to the news that there is an emergency 2 hours away and I got called in to work it.  


 Have fun playing an extremely tough Maryland squad tomorrow night. 


Target Deeply Regrets Letting Someone Steal 40 Million Credit Card  From Customers 

Happy holidays!  
  I told my mom that she was like "yeah okkkaaayy". hahaa. 


Watching a movie with your two best friends and their boyfriends while they make out is really fun. 


 : It is something which needs similar level of intelligence from both side.


Omg can't wait to spend four hours in a car with 5 other people and no headphones :) 


-i thought in my years of living i have nearly seen every personality, but ppl still surprise me. human evolution eh?-  


The hypocrisy of my family is astounding..   


 And there is absolutely no science behind the argument ;) 


 I'm so glad I have this random pot of gold then! And to think, I was gonna burn all this money! 


 6 hrs between me and a vacation on a sandy beach! ( RE/MAX Advantage Plus)  were happy for ya!  


UCF's cheerleaders were shown on the TV &amp; Papa says "look at all those beautiful women"  


Looking forward to seeing all the engagements on social media in 3 days. 


 RT Congrats on new gig. RT  Much colder in Maine then I thought it would be     I believe  will announce there will now be 73 events in 2014.  


Today is such a great day, I can't even deal... 


 but they're taking the jobs of REAL Americans 


 thanks for taking all the good food when you went to school 


 thank you for favoriting that....  


- kmfl yeah mommy good song choice , really good dam song choice atm !!!!!! -.-  !


The award for Customer Service of the Year goes to    


"  im just being honest. lmao  ok I'm just gonna stop and just rap is that ok Shelby -__-


   hahaha sure am, I'm a little bitch that complains about everything I do in life 


Heard "Christmas Shoes" for first time. My Christmas is complete!  


Terrible terrible canes loss.  Red wings lose.  Weekend off to a great start.   


  Yes how dare you earn $,maybe you should give 70% of it in taxes to help Obamacare you evil 1%er.



Weather Service just issued a Winter Storm Watch up to 6 inches snow Tues-Wed. &amp; the Browns still stink. A glorious day.  


12 men on the field out of a time out.  When will our coaches stop talking about "execution" and execute.  Haha  


I got to wake up at 6:30 am and come to school to study for my exam!!!! Yayy!! Best saturday ever!   


I will never take the Pelicans seriously with that name..  &lt;--


It's soooo fun to have 9 followers
and you're following like 5x :)

     


Thank you mom and dad for abandoning me in this line while you run off, you kids have fun. 


There's a few people I follow and every time they post something the first thing I think is how amazed I am at their classiness. 


 Kentucky's fertile recruiting ground, duh... 


When people use the word "scary" when they mean "scared" &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


 and  look alike... Except that  has more than one facial expression when she acts.  


 yeah..I think I am going to head to my religion class.   


All I want for christmas is you... Falling off the stairs.. And break your neck 


Have been playing  for one hour straight. Thank you  for teaching me the clock trick hahha 


Couldn't be happier someone knocked my phone out of my hand onto the ground and shattered my screen... 


There's nothing better than hearing someone learn to play an instrument. 


This day just keeps getting better and better -.-  


 I'll trade ya my football season tickets for your basketball season tickets?  


 Denying them their right to their religious beliefs by not allowing them to murder their own children? How dare you! 


Exhausted. Nothing better then a 22 hr shift followed by an early morning back at work  


The low overnight at MSP airport was -23 with a low wind chill of -48.  


We won't survive unless we destroy the thing the sustains us? Makes sense!   


 ...and fisherman enjoy suffocating fish--that's why they became fisherman.  Got any real news stories?


I love it when people point out my skin flaws, cause i didn't feel insecure enough already.  :)


I always like to keep people guessing what I'll tweet next..         


Workout felt great! Glad I could do it alone........   had "excuses" :p


I enjoy not being able to fall asleep, really makes life a lot easier 


I'll be spending the next hour of my life hanging out in the Newberg Ford service lobby    


It's so fun when Caitlin drives on the highway  


I miss   and  from the summer. I feel  


Yay me! Earned bonus coffee by paying too much regularly.  addicted  Cold day.


Socks!? How did you know! That's EXACTLY what I wanted! Thank you so much! 


Oh goody. Rose. Im really excited to see Rose back in Doctor Who.... No really I am..... 


Woke up to the cutest fever blister this morning 


At least on the upside, I now have plans for New Year's Eve, if I can even get out of bed.  


 Pretty sure Dupuis is just a vicious monster. Take his kids away! Ban him for life! 


I just know nathans excited about going away this weekend with me 


im gonna name my firstborn arial 

and people will be like oh like the mermaid 

and ill say no like the font 




.   IQ score can only be truly measured by ability 2 conceive of abstract thought &amp; deep understanding of  


 tough life myself, had to watch 3 football matches and another one tonight 


How to survive math homework listen to  obviously. Just finished 15 lovely math questions about graphs and slope FUN  


"Damn it's such a beautiful day, I sure am glad I get to spend it indoors working!" Not my first thought  


What is the "Victoria Secret Fashion Show"???? Hmm, never heard of it. 


 but chud ate dog biscuits as fan of the browns 103847 years ago! Doesn't that matter to u?!!!!  


Been laying in bed doing nothing for almost an hour, my life is so cool. 


   capped for England, British record transfer, yeah Championship standard 


  where's the retweet with the picture of Rafael Scheidt? Best 5m ever spent 


 I really enjoy college football but these 4:30 hour games gotta go  


. No, I'm pretty sure they're dedicated to finding the truth thru scientific research   


UCF hasn't lead in a football game since week 4...what a team let me tell you BCS  


Shame about United. Couldn't happen to a better bunch 


Since one nursing test isn't enough this week, I'm glad I have another one.   


OMG  is the only straight one tonight   


Oh,  how I just adore your interesting variety of smells. 


I love waking myself up because I turned myself sideways and kicked the wall or window. 


 .  literally asked me "if KU wins tonight, how far will they go in the tournament?" 1st round exit. 


This early indication of possible 1 sided penalties shall be just so delightful! 


I can already tell that today is going to be a fabb day!!!! 


 West Bloomfield, Michigan didn't get too much snow   all the roads to work aren't flooded...Good thing ROC is so flat.  


 tut that's why we lost at derby.  


 maybe every ashes tweet I tweet should include the hashtag 


  HAHA!  Yes, clearly I did!   is a difficult language to master.  Sorry sir! LOL!


Aw how sweet of my mom to give someone a full tour of our new house including entering my room while I'm in the middle of a nap!!! 


 Thank goodness we have the FDA regulating prescription medicines. 


    great, another cookery show, glad this one is sooooo different!  


  Also totally unconstitutional if we can ever get  to do their proper job 


Feel like crap. Schools gunna be fun tomorrow...   


" Happy new year malaysia. Biar semua tarif naik; asal aman. 


So excited that  saved COPS from going off the air. NOT.   


Greg is the best. Cold fries, rubbery grilled cheese, a boy toy, and watered down fruit topia.  


That's what I'm talkin about!   RT  Just 53 more hours before Texans vs. Jaguars.


Found my cat licking the doormat, on closer inspection turned out he was licking his own vomit.
 
 



I just received some big news tonight. Can't say much just yet. I know y'all are on the edge of your seats.  You will find out soon.


Also, if I don't put my entire 2013 in a Flipygram thing.. did it even happen?  


 oh wow he played for 20 QB's I'm pretty sure that trophy looks amazing.  useless irrelevant stat 


Duty this weekend and finals during the week  


  Well maybe if those cheap bastards would cough up the $15/ hour , that would never happen.


Did anyone mention that they're JUST SIXTEEN?!!  


Dear chilblains,I think we should break up,it's not me,it's you,it's getting too painfull.So,when are you moving out?  


This NDSU band is top notch with their full selection of high school pep band music. 


Just received an email, and it asked if I was interested in big black women.  Isn't it obvious?  YES!!!!  


One thing I'm really going to miss is the dining hall when I'm home 


Yes! Two in class essays tommorow. One in Spanish and on win English 


I don't think our dogs have enough toys     the first step is recognizing the problem lol 


I can't wait for 2014 everything is going to change.. 


Thank you Wink for the Monday motivation and inspiration.     Wink's  to my lovely parents and their amazing timing. 



  I'm just glad that his lactose intolerance has been cured! 


Thank you guys for telling me songs to download!



 most probably will be! Bigger things to discuss and resolve yet this is important isn't it 


Welp looks like jello and Mac n cheese for lunch...  


Thanks  more free throws will create a higher scoring game. 


Watching high school musical and seeing Friday khalo after just learning about her  gosh that unibrow is hot 


 his freedom of speech was taken from him! Don't u know he's sitting in jail right now!?  


Cochrane hockey refs are always a fun time.  


I can't believe Alex Smith wasn't able to come back once they went down.  


From  Cink it Challenge. Doesn't look like that position has any power....   boyfriend is your man crush? I had no idea!  


Finally I beat that level on candy crush. It only took me two hours  


And Nobell will forget how to stand still....   5yo OTTBs are sooo my fav


 logo on the right was precursor to the Donny Darko mascot  


Of course spark plug Hillis not in game.  


Awesome, my dress for New Years arrived today! 


I always get the best welcomes back after being gone for a few days.  


Oh, thank jebus, Christmas is saved. I was really worried there for a minute.  


I love feeling like I have a say in our friendship. 


I love when Christians forget Romans 13 exists. 


 i totally agree with you. i forgot you need to hashtag  when making a sarcastic tweet.


   We're going all the way!   


I miss watching that pig movie babe reminds me some shitty people 


  Anyway, it's like everything else in the Nanny state.. it's for your own damn good.  


The wanting-to-scratch-your-skin-until-you-bleed phase of the tattoo process is my favorite! 


           "  just saw on my tv that USA Schools are closed. So does that mean all US schools are closed nationwide? 


 He never does anything in the third period or overtime.  


It's now -3 degrees outside the  studio, a HUGE drop from -4 degrees at 6 a.m.  


get to spend my Saturday working with    


"When i smoke, my health actually improves...it works for me, body isn't a textbook." 


Winston just said "truph" instead of "truth". Very well spoken. 


 i think itd be funny for us to play it and rip on it the whole time. "Oh god another jump scare im so startled!" 


 Wow, you mean celebs are actually, like, people? Groundbreaking. 


Talk for 1st day back to school in January done.  so glad I'm winding down for Xmas... 


 but WAIT, everyone will be in airplane mode, right? Cause humans always follow the ruleseven the stoopid ones. 


Did you hear there is a big snow storm hitting the northeast?  


So glad ppl post pics of their car's temp reading. Otherwise, how would I know how cold it is.


 Alright! Just wondering You know cause like 90% of my friends turned out to be fake! :p 


That crowd watching Katy Perry better calm the f down!  


 that, and date rape. Thicke just had a creative way of making it aware. 


Nice to see Suarez scoring for a change!!  


Hello, Happy Thanksgiving! :)        Lol yeah, I bet we'll get a new QB with this amazing QB class coming 


  I have NEVER heard  talk about the    


Baldwin makes a gay slur gets fired. Bashir says someone should defecate in Palins mouth and keeps his job. MSNBC keeping it classy 


Must suck to be best friends with   


LJ gives us an apron...we give customers pru and trude...    they are the ones talking about Indian development 


Wooohoooo night shift. Bet this is going to bring me so much Christmas joy. 


 yeah bro its sooo much fun here!  at it's finest.


 cruises again. But Messi is definitely the best player in the world. He absolutely makes Barcelona tick. 


Nothing will make you feel better about yourself after holiday eating than watching Hugh Jackman in 'The Wolverine'.   


Right. This is how you should present your nursing room. It looks sooooooo inviting.       maybe I should have put a  tag on my last tweet


 I think I have more snow than everyone.
     right legs fine... But what about that left pant leg? 


 is so lucky to have Andy dalton as a QB  


   in Idaho, rape is just boys being boys. After all.. The girls were asking for it.. Right? 


Looking at birthday presents for  &amp;  already good god im such a lovely person.. 


   puritans? They are definitely more patriotic. BTW 


Washed my hair, shaved my legs, and bought some new VS leggings... Fellas come at me!  


Love not having transport or money to get to college  


Looking at the scorecard it's clear why England fans would be down on Pietersen. The man really is ready for retirement. 


Just so you know,  and I tried REALLY HARD to look cool on the announcements this morning!   


    Reaction Theatre Tomorrow? The popularity of  


 Ohio St in a barn burner.  
Wonder if the BCS will take away points for the basketball teams weak schedule?


Such a terrible view on the ride home tonight...     yes,
But how can we give him smyth or joensuu icetime?  Potter on the pp? Wtf?


Well, my game playing on Madden 25 went well! 


 It sounds like you support common sense gun laws. Why do you hate America? And freedom? And liberty? And ... stuff? 


Oh this was such an AMAZING start of 2014...   


Today's already off to a banner start....   


 Problem is sometimes it's bad &amp; changes for the worst like  


  I said that to you in confidence!!! 
 lmfao! 


  Jon you better not say that!!! People will hate on you!! 


The many successes of the U.S. penitentiary system:  


 "kitten" coco says hello !      an epic. Good job Miami Heat especially DWade! 


Ready for that concert !    


Having fun at home?  I am having a awesome time in class  HELP ME


"I just gave up cocaine and now i have a shoe addiction" -hot customer   


 Yay! We get to get them in person now! That's gonna be so much more fun... :( 


 Can't believe Coach K getting all of these one and done players. Hypocrite  Good for Duke


Very funny piece about Cameron cutting the heating bills by 50 quid:      


 What promotion? Haven't noticed any promotion. 


Can't wait to go to work this weekend and listen to 50 customers ask me "Was Santa good to you?" again and again.  


 Pretty sure they're like 8. Their grammar is spot on. 


 another huge signing for AA this offseason. I'm blown away. 


War-weary  turn to humor and  online  is 98% joking most times .  . Tilly is 98% serious most times .  . 


Ok so me (true fan) is gonna enjoy his last test match via television. I m no VVIP to get the tickets fr d stadium. 


 Well that sure was fun while it lasted.... 


Can someone tell me what awful thing phil Robertson did? Cause I know with a thug like him it had to be bad 


No that's cool Mr. Train, I didn't want to get to my destination on time anyway. Being punctual is totally overrated  


   in all fairness, the giant red banner with all the details on the league page was easy to miss. 


My arm has the most beautiful mix of blue and purple colors.    


OMG throwing hot water into the snow and watching it freeze soOoOoO KOOL mind=blown 


absolutely love that feeling when someone gets all awkward when i walk in... 


I just love the Internet connection in the choir room. 


 yah well you told people the TRich trade was a good move too.. so you really have no credibility!  


Thank you Ryan for eating my whole bag of sour patch kids while I was gone 


I love how someone says they'll always be there and then they're not. 


 seems genetic...now you are officially a member of the obviousness team ! 


Borderlands LootTheWorld (*US only) thanks AGAIN  from your British and other non-US fans. Really shows you care. 


Due to technical difficulties I am unable to Tweet the lyrics to this song...  :P  &lt;JD


 That was because the  fuelled that outrage! We are "just the lowly teachers who accept everything?" 


my family always has to stop at my favorite restaurant, Cracker Barrel. 


Thank you for standing directly in front of. The gate :) much appreciated -_- 


K, just keep acting like I don't exist. I don't mind. 


My stress levels skyrocketed as soon as I walked into school yesterday morning. School is just so fantastic!   


Sacramento has a huge fashion scene. 

 



Dear 
Thanks for RTing my tweet. FYI, there is this thing called -  You might wanna google it.  time I go to bed..      to do today? Sooooo many options  


 What do u mean?  The addition of powerhouses Syracuse, Pitt &amp; Louisville (minus Bridgewater &amp; coach) make it GREAT! 


Half the distance to the goal when the ball is on the 1/2 yard line. Yeah, that penalty pushed them back REALLY far..   


 WHAT!? "My Little bossings" looks so good kaya haha  although for real let's catch Wolf on wall street with 


Today I'm thankful that my dad didn't pull out a while back. 


This day just keeps getting better and better 


 you hear about the new  one?! Getting out of hand  


Sarcasm is like music to my ears   


I'm a Catholic that really loves when people call all of Catholicism bad because of others stupidity!   


Being jolted awake by a slap to the face from a toddler is awesome. 


"Wake me up when you all come to class, will you?"  


I would have NEVER known what was going on in the FSU &amp; Auburn game if it wasn't for twitter... 


Stretchkins? Really? How did kids these days get so lucky?!  


Lovely day of essay writing and revision topped off with a lovely 5-close at work   


Thinking before was bad... Now its 1000x worse... Awesome 


Awww that's cute. The webpage can't be found and  wants to joke about it instead of just working   thanks for the invite to your cool party bbz.  


Love when a guy pretends to be nice   


No~shocking. Can't believe it. Never   Study: M&amp;A leaks are intentional  got these 5-star cheerleaders....  .... 


 Remember how our own government murdered one of its own and then covered it up. Hey, at least we have football.  


I love it when people don't understand sarcasm. 


Oh goodness it is so warm in Charleston today 


  Wow,he must be right in the know.Thats a massive call he's pulled off there.



Let's play this fun game called "let's see how long Jordan can keep the worst migraine of her life..." It's a really fun one! 


 And the 'pun of the year' award goes to Fortis-Saving and enriching lives  


Best be catching some beauty sleep, regardless wether I need it or not       


(That last tweet was heavy-handed sarcasm. Sorry. Would've hash-tagged  but ran out of characters.)


My favorite part of the holiday is getting those mass "Merry Christmas" texts and seeing every last persons identical response. 


     oh...I forgot to add  and a LOL


You have to love drunk people when you're not drunk   


 can you stop with these bitchy tweets? First your like 'you're hot' now you are saying this? God you've changed 


 sarcasm doesn't really translate all that well when in a text only context. I tend to hashtag it to play it safe. 


Hey you know what's fun? Getting a call from your lender 3 days before closing asking for one more thing!  


 yeah - aiming for excellence (or, heck, at least average) is way overrated now-a-days. 


We've pretty much laid low this fall as  works on college apps (oh, the joy!  Looking to start NEW book work in Jan


  just admitted that he's giving up XC and track to be a dancer. It's the truth. You forgot   


ooohhh big concert announcement in the morning from K97. Can't wait. 


 by any chance do you like hockey?  


Smoking weed is legal in 6 states. Having sex with a horse is legal in 23. Good going America .  


" Everyone listens to Cheif Keef for the lyrics  


 Probably because his babies haven't done anything yet. 


Tony Romo fucking up late in the game..he NEVER does that! Lolol 


Most made FT by Cuse this year had nothing to do with the home cooking from the refs 


After an annoying,  but necessary trip to Walmart,  is back in full swing.  


 yep...  did you tell everybody why you're thankful for them? Or was I just not on your list?


Good to see ABC getting into the holiday spirit with its light show competition.  


Government spying on its own people??!!! Omg this is unheard of! What a shock! 


In other news Notre Dames' offense still looking great  


big ups to the blue line for scaring the public into not going out and imbibing at their favorite watering hole tonight.  


Yeah Terps!!! Military Bowl in DC in cold January.  congrats anyway, it's a process and Randy has a plan


Yay for trains that make your morning that much longer. 


 I just immediately got mad. Didn't know Twitter had so many assholes. 


Doing absolutely nothing for new year this year, woooo 


" Thanks for sharing this highly relevant content.   7 tips for banishing negativity  something you don't want to hear is always the best 


Isn't a face full of  every morning just the best? 


The Tweets collected under  were not as good as I thought they'd be.


"My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


So apparently one F on my transcript = no college for me. Thanks for your optimism, dick.   


Listen,  is my thing and if you can't handle it, blend it. 


Thank you for being such wonderful drivers...  


 thank you for your tremendous concern about the missing  and their family  
Hours goes by,


You know who's awesome to text?!  Not only does she just not respond- IF she does- It will be completely emoji-less.  


Whelp this year is starting off just great ;) 


nutin better dn the smell of fresh puss n blood on ya fingers from a  u jus popped   


Well... slept about half an hour on that flight and now I feel horrible. Should be an excellent day... 


This game is going quite lovely so far...    


 make sure they don't drink all the vodka  


So... we get Finebaum every week now? YAY MOAR SEC TALK. 


 you have to match your blonde weave with blue contacts though!! 


 Youre gonna love the finals schedule then lol  RT  I like my exams spaced out *starts to panic*


sarcastically speaking owh my god i am so sarcastic haha   


The joys of being in the hospital    sure seems to like this pick.   


I had a nightmare last night that people shopping at  were getting into fights a day after Thanksgiving.  


Wow! It's so hot outside and my textbooks are so cheap! 


 I know what you mean, especially those racist pakis!  


 that's good, as long as I've got your approval?!


I love when I text you and you don't answer   


At the station, because I could so do with a day out the office just now  . I suspect my tweets today will be mostly pissed off.


Thanks. Just what I needed RT " [screams internally]  


Poor George Zimmerman. Can't catch a break from media, cops     Wrongly accused again.


I always love bugging the shit out of people with puuure  XDXDXD


TRAVIS FORD SUCKS! his best player can't even make free throws! 


just took a 3 hour nap. Oh joy! I'll have an easy time sleeping tonight 


Oh no. There's nothing to watch but Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. The horror.    


It's Education Day at today's game. How excited am I?!    Murphy Center  are those women thinking they know anything about life to make games...! (I know this can get so twisted without a  tag...)


I love how much service the sprint center has.  


I'm so glad my upstairs neighbors got that hippopotamus they wanted for Christmas!   


Big Thank-You to CHCH tv for not letting the CBS signal go after 60mins. For almost 5 mins into Kennedy Centre Honours. 


 Oh I see  haha thought for a minute there  had undergone a labotomy ;)


Got my day off to an awful start: 8am hike w  at         i want to go ahead a nominate the ladies on cart 7356 of the rock to "most talkative of the year" congrats! 


Nothing better than having to defrost your car at 6.45!    


It's only 1:40pm and I'm already having the best fucking day. 


just waiting for the sky to turn pink so I can see all of your wonderful pictures in my twitter feed  


Oh goody..more rain over the weekend..with particularly gale force winds on Sunday..really looking forward to that for a change 


 Yea Kaep got to learn an offensive system that they didn't even run once he became a starter. Such a big advantage 


 terrorists might put bombs in them  
Or they could be harmful to kids and guns are perfectly safe!! 


 The SEC has the best defenses in the country, just ask any fans of the schools 


Yeahhhhh I'd rather keep  and trade   


Busy getting child to sleep so I missed  on  but twitter tells me it was just an ok session. 


I'm sorry that was mean what I meant to say was, there is nothing I would like more than to spend my Saturday at McNeese.  


   are you just tweeting lies today? First bucket hats and now this...


     I don't think it should be banned from TV, I just wish my doctor would use a different word to describe me. 



 You Sleep Soundly with your Personal  I do not accept  at 140 MPH!- RESPECTS! -YOU CROSSED THE LINE!-LOVEYA!


 there's definitely been no bias at all on the announcers part...  


This weather is just to perfect for a Friday 



I'm in shock about Tom Daly coming out the closet 



Sorry .. But there are more important things in there life than this..



Exciting news.... Darius Rucker is coming to Erie!!! 


I think they Giants should change their team name. It is offensive to the little people.    


Thank you for pissing me off this morning. I appreciate it. 


Not talking to someone and just thinking who are they talking too to take your place is the one


 but, but Morris has the "it" factor. Numbers weren't HOF worthy but he had that "something" that makes him worthy. 


Wow.....I'm really glad you made an effort with me today....   


Nothing like having to step in and break up a fight between two grow men to make my day just greeeeeat. 


Happy......new......year.......2014......wooohoooo  


Love it when a stand by goes two hours late. Especially love it when it's a Christian concert! 


 That's great and  is such a cool name for the character too.


I have a feeling ANOTHER bad dream will be coming tonight.   


 agree to terms with Ricky Nolasco. Thank God for Dan Haren, am I right?   


Can I just take this exam already so I can start studying for my next exam coming up?..  


Really can't wait to wear this on Boxing Day        done while the footie fans are ensconced in the stadium. Scheduling my trips outside around football isn't annoying at all 


Progressive Day . Super Happy :) Nothing beats Day Off !! 
Yes !  


Watch out folks, it's the weekend &amp; I'm on the hard stuff.     you PennDot for plowing 99 so we don't die  


I mean, who doesn't love bureaucracy??  


Oh you don't understand how much I love it when you don't reply! 


 way to steal the Yankees thunder AA   


Voldemort has got the biggest nose I've seen   


"80s fitness is soooooo the way to go. Treat rocky like the bible." -Becca 


Nothing better than spending an hour shoveling first thing in the morning!   


 but Mario Williams is a bust! Don't ruin my predetermined narrative, how dare you! 


Tests Wednesday and Friday? 9+ hours of a week? Minimester is gonna be so fun 


Don't you just love doing cross stitch   


S/O to Lolli who always gives the best presents   like the blue blob has arrived. Gotta love the sound of ice falling from the sky... 


   ;) pero any way... Sa ikauunlad ng bayan... Go friend! :D


Cold and snow. Just what I wanted for Christmas!  


2  running in circles from 10 minutes. Think the female is trying to dodge the male trying to mate her.  


Im doing fabulous. Crushing it. Everything according to plan.  


 I'm sure the cheap printing process only affected some cards. 


 The Catholic Church is very powerful Chris. Be careful. Did you read the "DaVinci Code"?   Fuck'em!


 nothing like your super friendly staff to set me up for a good day. Thanks stagecoach   


   "Nerdfighteria is made of nothing but rich people"   lol, yeah, right...


  options seem limited to me bruh lol smh  lol


  I guess I needed to add the tag  Of course it's simple. Gods are fake. We have no evidence otherwise. 


I just LOVE when  tweets from my iPad...  


 after watching the Flying Nun in my younger days I can understand why Obama wants nuns to pay for contraceptives 


The Broncos are coming off a loss and extra time to prepare. I like the  chances next week.  


Elizabeth warren making crazy demands of banks again!    suck! It's bad enough they live high on the hog but now they're preventing people from getting high!  


   He said he was sorry guys!! Gee-Whiz guys, give him a break. 


So my upstairs neighbors are having sex along with their loud bass this morning...   


 oh silly Damie, you clearly can't be Christian while simultaneously being a reasonable human being 


I love how it's suppose to be winter but it feels like spring 


This one is for the Assholes...        Well OBVIOUSLY Maddux was juicing the entire time... 


OMG I WOULD BE AMAZING ON IM A CELEB!!! Wouldn't be scared of anything  


 mine are Monday at 10am. Awesome way to start the week 


For trying to clean the system, for standing against corrupts, for promising good governance   


oh please dont all text me at once. my phone is freezing.     


 that wasn't Ks fans, though. Casuals fans obviously 


Well there it is! Brodus finishes the heel turn and joins the  


Wise words from our Management professors.    a good day. Man. Great day. Perfect. Best day ever. 


Why is it that I'm one of the only people dancing at the party. The people talking mad shit from the couch are mad cool. 


Swag. Mirror pics. And Mountain Dew. Cause these are the things life is about. 


I LOVE ppl who follow me then I follow them back then they unfollow me along with the energy wasted in this process its the best 


34 minute meal break including walking time at Cowbelltown. Yay. 


 Yes He is! He even Blocked me After I told him he was about 2 Years ago... I Been all choked up every since ya know! 


For coming into work on a snow day, we get donuts. Yay!   this guy has cheated on her multiple times. He's a keeper. 


 I'm so relieved. I almost took it seriously. Almost. 


What's that? goalie crisis in new jersey with Corey Schneider.   Hmph never saw that coming.      


 looking at schedule next year. I got Browns 12-4.... or what Lombardi thinks


So glad Jay Cutler is back throwing the ball into tight coverage and costing the  points.  


Enjoying Christmas with  this completes my day 


Yay! Stephen Mulhern is hosting the Paul O'Grady Show tonight!!   


Kdo by to byl rekl...  " "Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you.""


Good job sticking with Bobby Ryan, Carlo.   


I wish I got to go back to school tomorrow!   


Has The Weather Channel named this Polar Vortex, yet?    


Oh no! I forgot to Instagram my presents and Christmas dinner! I'm such a failure! 


I love when people indirect tweet about me! 


The CBS announcer isn't rooting for Auburn or anything. 


 but black people are *only* experts on issues that affect the black community. Everyone knows that. 


Nothing makes me wanna impregnate a woman more than her words of 'if you don't f*ck him, I will' - you need to be baby mama 


 lol nice playstation 4 heard the party chat is GREAT and you guys are having no problems with your online 


Wow! That brand of slut looks rather cute on u 2day 


Some Follow u to make you realize their presence &amp; once u involved they Unfollow u...i love  strategies ;)   


wow, I'm shocked they began with these three 


I'm just so excited to go to Oconomowoc two hours away on a cold bus tonight! 


 don't you know you're supposed to fake a fight with someone on a plane? Sheesh, some comedian you are. 


It's the last day of my vacation and I'm home cleaning the house alone

Just what I'd rather be doing...




And a royal bank worker was rude to me as I was trying to pay my student loan. Wow I love royal bank. 


Can't wait for tomorow! Gotta love that compulsory voluntary work for the school! 


I have jokes, many! I love the sick ones most, cuz I could be a latent borderliner but my therapist chose  She was right! ;-) XX


I think Thierry Henry is on Match of the Day tonight. Not sure. Maybe I need to see a few more tweets about it. 


Tasmanian devils live on the island of Tasmania? I thought they lived in Canada. 


 is so funny, love his sense of humour!   


...and everyone wants to go to the bar which is the furthest away from my apt. Awesome.   


Baby Elijah will be baptized this Sunday ... I mean dedicated  


My lingerie is finally here! Praise Jesus! Miracles really DO happen!! 


Phew! It's very hot out today if only it was cooler.   


FINALLY almost done with my last essay of the semester, then it'll be studying the rest of the day  


Cena vs. Orton is next? Wow, we've never seen this before!    


Yes I do want to write this essay on a Saturday night 


starting this semester with TBO. what a good begining. hahahaha :" 


 pshhhh my boy hunts reindeer lol deer are just lame 


 the amount of "my story's" though...can't wait haha. 


  it truly sucks how people can just change within days


I guess we don't have decent people anymore! 


  Ah Type-A tsunderes. Such lovely heroines in romance series 


yeah sure teachers
us 8th graders,
we have no life.
and we would just
TOTALLY
appreciate homework
over break.



Now remember girls. We're always wrong in situations and everything is always our fault. Don't you forget that.   


i feel like a hipster when i do this.. haha :)       my GOD ANOTHER ONE YEAH SURE KEEP RELEASING IT'S NOT LIKE I DONT HAVE A PILE OF CASH   


6 hours by myself doing cloakroom tonight going to be so much fun 


I love how the wind this morning was picking up the snow and blowing it all in my car and in my face. I just love snow. 


How lucky am I that I get to follow this really cool guy in a mustang to work? He keeps burning out and everything! 


Wow truly blown away at how helpful this study guide is   and Kypreos both bringing knives to a gun fight. Great 2nd intermission. Looking forward to the future. 


Can't wait for the ice storm we're supposed to get today 


Gotta love waking up at 5am because you have to throw up.  


I don't think  has quite enough dramatic zoom ins.  


Who needs a good mother-daughter relationship when you argue all the time! 


"The best thing to do is get the women back to Christmas town." I love the traditional female roles in this movie.  


When I see the person in the car next to me lighting up a joint as they're driving I just think wow they look cool  


Why yes, coach k, I have plenty of time on church nights to do your five hours of homework.  


Keeping the silence. So what's new today kids? I've had nothing but nightmares all night -yay! 


It's 2:23 am and Diesel is alerted by and afraid of something in the other room.  


A contract signing that ends with a brawl? Never see that one coming... we got something new for a change ;)   


  Hahahaha Tristan was prob so mischievous! Never would've guessed that. 


Nowhere near done with my homework &amp; I have class in 8hours...nice    


OHMYGOD MY AMAZING ADVENT CALENDAR!! Omg omg I don't wanna open it on their faces   Shit! I missed the Grammy nomination show. My night is ruined!! 


That QR code makes Sears look so modern and hip.   Bullet Confirmed! It was  all along! Props to the Warren Commission, Take that, Oliver Stone!  


 really? We had no idea about the Nissan rouge!  the commercial is on during EVERY break.. 


Wow, what a difference. Loads of chances and no goals.   


  since when is education not fun? 


McCain: "When I'm in the old soldiers home, I'll look back on 2013 as a banner year"   mean, hey guys, I really care about all of your political beliefs and what level you're on in Candy Crush. 


So here we were trying to make Millsap a 3 and he was really a stretch 4 


Just tell me "don't be a whore, please stop it! Be just for me" and let me think!!! 


Saya tak sayang Islam, Allah dan Rasulullah. Semua gara gara saya tak RT semua tweet yang 'islamik'. Aduh ruginya saya. :( 


I will ignore you hard, You will start to doubt your own existance. 


Well dancing was fun (note the sarcasm) ... :P  Wat to do? :D DM me :)


Got me a cup of coffee and watching walking dead. Fantastic NYE    


One Direction. Absolute natural actors/presenters...  


The CVS pharmacist still knows everything about me a year later. So that's awesome 


You think I'm crazy? PFFFTT, you have no idea though. 


Is getting a lot of anxiety about tomorrow...who would have guessed that   


 I just couldn't resist when I saw that  


  So there as I ws saying five minutes of code, maybe ten at a push :-)  


English has finally officially become my 2nd language... is my primary form of communication with all  


I love when people just leave a conversation with an unanswered question just lingering in the air....I don't actually love it tho 


Watching DC Cupcakes on netflix because I don't get enough of cupcakes in my everyday life. 


The Urgent Care is a fun place to spend Christmas Eve. Especially when both you &amp; your teenager are being seen. 


Well, even though I'm only wearing 3 solid layers and a hat to bed tonight, maybe I'll survive the night.  


with all these positive tweets, i presume we won?  


I definitely wanted to spend my off day waiting for my car to get fixed. 


 whoa! aren't you lucky to have directed that masterpiece of broadcasting.  Squirt gun would have been cool.


First tweet with only a smidge of  and 


 I don't get it Julie your to smart for me sorry 


Yeah you should totally leave your screaming child in an auditorium and not take him outside and let him bother everyone. 


I survived the 2014 Polar Vortex . And Superstorm Sandy. AND the heat wave week of 2013. Shit Got 2 Go   


This class shouldn't be too bad. The professor actually speaks fluent 
  


Ah just another beautiful autumn morning in Saskatchewan. ..... 


Terrell Thomas doing a real good job of backing up his guarantee so far. 


I love being home alone during a storm with tornadoes around....     


 that's the point I was getting at lol someone got .5% higher than me and got a whole grade point higher 


It feels so wonderful to be ignored!  


Dear  thanks for being the AMERICAN's music Awards and give to AMERICANS bands what they deserve   


LMAO to this pic....Absolutely Lovely....To die for  They make a lovely pair   Graves arrested for drug possession.... So surprised 


South Carolina: home of the classiest fans. 


yes, please show us your duckface; it's soooo attractive 


Sur Shane Long is more English than the queen right ? Lmao he's probably never been to Ireland  


Someone at my old school got hand at a play today.....nice. You got a real respectable girl.  


 Blame the actors, it's their choice what they have to do... 


Securing 500 USB's it's my favorite kind of work. 


So excited to have this lovely bus ride to Warsaw with Lisa. 


Just made a quick run by Walmart. Sure wish they would carry a little Duck Dynasty stuff in there. 


 That's just Apple getting back at you for being such a Windows fanboy.  


Made it to the     Love all the new faces.  


In a shocking turn of events, FSU QB and Heisman hopeful Jameis Winston is not being charged with sexual assault 


I don't have any windows. Did it snow today?  


It's even better watching the lorax when  quotes EVERY LINE.. 


 I know you care so much about me it's okay  


 I definitely do have this talent :)  


I really love all this Christmas music they're singing in the Macys Parade.  


 we wouldn't jam out to it all the damn time lmao!:b 


Thank God for the example. I had no idea what to do.   so glad that both my parents answered their phones when I finally landed 


 shoveling snow.  Going to bed sounds nice.


Fake is the new beautiful hahaha    Creep on bitch creep on ;)


Could of driven my parcel and delivered it by hand in the time it takes waiting in royal Mail queues. 


Girls love feeling independent so make sure the waiter knows that the bill is separate...  


So New Year's Eve 9pm-5am, New Year's Day 5am-2pm. Bringing in the new year with a full day of work.Yay me!   


Sitting in cue at unisa...soooo much fun!  


Just let me sit here a feel like I'm never good enough for anyone ever.   


Wow I just love how sassy airline people are at 4 a.m! I even love being stuck in San Jose due to fog! ... 


 etakit is not that hard ppl though tough to  i will admit 


Becuz Capitalism!  " Any hope of American equality died in the 1980s (and here's the proof)  God, thanks for making me sick enough to not attend your son's birthday. Sincerely, best Christmas ever. 


I spilt water all over my notes. .  Studying from soggy paper is just what I wanted right now  


Oh no.... the ps4 can't play 3d blu-ray. Surly this is the worst news ever. 


"People are so stupid! Liam and Danielle broke up 'cause Liam cheated on Danielle with Sophia. Its pretty obvious."

yeah,okay..




SHOCKING news of the day: Ke$ha enters rehab.   


I love finding out my ride back to the school is still at work 10 minutes before I need to be there.
 


 I'm stunned that all of your clothes fit in one suitcase.  


I'm not sure-are they playing the  outside in the cold and snow? The TV people haven't mentioned it at all. 


 im sure he'll just get the head job. He's clearly earned it. 


First day of thanksgiving break and I'm having to be up at 5:30. Awesome... 


"  you are ugly stop copying lana" what an intelligent attack. We should all hope to be this smart. 


LOVE doing mental math all day when our system is down. 


Should I go to sleep already or is it still to early?! 


Wow, this is gunna be one exciting Saturday night  


Thank you, the name Lloyd for having 2 L's otherwise I would have pronounced it Lloyd. 


 oh you didn't know?  Massachusetts is a train wreck 


Last minute shoppers are just awesome.  


i am going to take some money and burn it for warmth. 


This cop looks 12. And suddenly the school became that much safer. 


Really disappointed with the service level from the  location in Roseville.  Way to go above and beyond 


So my timeline is flooded with retweets of some bloke called James Bourne.  Because that's not selfish at all, is it 


 Maybe. We can collect some billboards and ask if they take in deferment to tax money!  


Say it with me fellow Cowboys fans...Brady is a choker!  


 back on 11/24  wanted Moore to start to possibly "spark" the offense.....makes sense? 


Next semester is going to be so fun.. Just registered for 18 hours! 


Taylor Swift wins!!  I didn't see that one coming!   


  FeatherProp, you've blown my mind and shattered my reality!!! 


Shout out to Burns for shooting 2% from 3pt land 


This has actually happened to me before!  Me and my sarcasm lool    contain the run game and can't stop the pass. What a fucking defense 


Blood tests &amp; scans. 2014 is going to be a great year. 


I was told that by a trusted source that there will be Mack Brown drama today. 


Can't wait to see all the pictures of snow on IG today  


 Can you make a shot count on every shot please I found this information so relevant 


 Good one! --&gt; MT  Harper did occasional Brad K impersonation   Baby Harper right behind Bob."


 it was close right up there until the end 


So you are telling me that Reimer can't maintain an almost .950 SV%?! WHAT?! 


Thanks to the person who drove too close to my car, snapped off the wing mirror, then just kept driving, much appreciated 


The best part of a relaxing trip to the beach, is the pleasant traffic you encounter in the Bay Area on the way home. 


Jennifer Aniston stripping in we are the millers , smh no class 


I can't wait to hear "Roar" for the next three months    


 Yes but that doesn't disprove "Global Warming" because that was OLD ice. No, really....


I think the  shot gave me a punch in the arm! I'd shake my fist at the  industry, but it'd hurt too much. 


 20 mins on hold- then cut off b4 speaking to anyone!!! More money on the phone bill!! Great customer service 


Rockford Illinois has the best roads in the whole world  


Where do I get my daily fix from!? Smooth FM surely? 


I like having 32 wires glued to my head...it's a a lot of fun!  


Holly could've gone to at least one press conference this week. Cheating with pregame interview on sideline. 


Untill army slap you!! O boi you ll never discover say "police na your friend.....   


I can't wait for my mom to tell my family that I've been wearing the same jeans since October 1.  


  The Pilgrims didn't leave  intentionally they just got lost in a fog 


 put it this way, I've never seen one of those shows and I'm not sure how you'll be received at the next tailgate.  


 best get me shades on..them 15 bulbs the council splashed out on could do some damage! 


Paghubo nlng kaha sa picture para masaya ahahaha....







Safe to say, i hate my music!        for dinner such a quality christmas meal!!! 


  in the mean time someone is probably getting robbed up the street, good job. 


 how dare you! you have to like da bulls! you absolutely have no choice in your sport teams anymore! 


Good job, Nettleton. You should be proud to beat our JV team. 


Nice for those great Miami fans to show up for tip off of this one 


I love waking up at 5 am to throw up. Nothing feels more awesome than that. 


I'm so not freaking out about this week.   


   I love the smell of  in the morning!


I just got wolf-whistled by a group of twelve year olds in sweats and snapbacks. Best day ever 


Seems  like i have no one...that's awesome...  


Well Tom Daley has come out as being gay...never saw that coming  


  that was completed in 80AD.
 


way to go rhonda for dying on me once again YA BITCH  


They had to see who was running where on the track  RT  Why did  wait so late to throw the 


 As Mami would say: If you were married, you could go to heaven with your husband, in all 7 lifetimes! 


Delayed and movie screen broken... Going to be a good flight 


 you're right, but I don't think I could dislike him any more. He's too humble for my liking 


I love when I'm working on my essay and my internet stops working. I just get those warm and fuzzy feelings. 


Oh yeah I love being accused of something I'm not.   


Because we definitely all have power and are able to take a shower tomorrow...   love how having a 'Facebook official' relationship is actually a thing now 


I love missing school. Especially on a day we had a test.  


Tahukah anda, disuatu awal pagi Ahad yang lalu?     some reason we can't get on those BC guys' level. 


Well I can tell today is going to be just fantastic   


It was nice talking to  last night. Spoke very highly of one of my friends   


A New York City Football Club. I wonder if their gonna be rich or not 


 Forgot the  hash tag. Owning up to MY mistake.


Have any new CD's come out lately? I was hoping  might have a good one he's been listening to. 


Having WiFi that works all over the house is so nice 


I love going to the gym on January 1st, when it's packed with New Years resolution people...  


Boise State was averaging 91 points a game...bet their schedule before KY was real tough  


My girlfriend is always sleeping really please don't get up 


This sports bra makes my boobs flat......thanks mom!  ugh


Man U are still sweating relegation ;)  " 42 points means we are safe from relegation for another season :-)"


Family is coming down from Chicago to stay at my house. Super excited! 


I don't think I can handle this kind of music. So much hatred.   people should tweet about partying and hating other people's schools more.  


It's hilarious when I have I reset my alarm from 5:30 PM go 5:30 AM  


FYI: if you start a DM with "YO C*NT!" I'm probably not gonna respond. Stay classy though. 


Yay for watching the extra credit video in English that I made....my acting deserves an oscar.   


Me: I havent read the paper in...never
Robbie: That was a good sentence...good grammar  


Hey  

Thanks for televising tonight's game......



Feeling just ecstatic bout how things work in my family!  


'Cause that makes sense  MT  Colorado courts jail poor unable to pay fines for minor violations  love it when our house is nice and cool, 16C Otherwise I get soooo hot...  


Ban women   The flip side is many organizations are now scared of hiring women: SP leader Naresh Agarwal on  case


 a polite, sophisticated way to bitch out loud for a live studio audience aka 


It's winter in Nova Scotia/Canada... let's cancel everything!!  


So this sub knows why people get cancer, maybe she will find the cure for it soon 


I swear I've seen more pictures of what people are about to eat than of my own childhood    


 that's bc the defense in front of him is terrific 


I love Mondays when my boss calls in sick. It makes my job so much easier.   


Isn't that cute? The big kids left markers within reach of toddler. Awesome. Cuz, you can't have too many messes you know. 


I like getting pieces of cashews stuck in the holes where my wisdom teeth got cut out 


My favorite thing in this world is broken promises. 


 please make the hashtag as hard as possible to spell so the bots can beat us.  


Nope, that's statement is so true  I hate seeing this shit   Well this Isn't racist at all  tells me there's a tornado watch. 


Successful trip to the gym...       ice storm coming today mixed in with a white out blizzard...I love NY  


  must be tough to be a white male in America 


Naturally, income inequality is most pressing issue facing our nation. Solving it will fix everything else.   gonna write a thinkpiece all about how R. Kelly is a male feminist and proponent of teenage bodily autonomy and agency. Cause. 


 Replying to all these is hard... thanks for making my day harder D: 


 But what about his poor Knee x20 times its only 95% imaging how good he will be when it's 100% 


Watching weird indie French films with no dialog = THE best way to fight depression and a sense of existential anxiety  


Thierry Henry was an alright player wasn't he looool 


 Yes, keep settling for outside shots. That worked well against Iowa State. And Charlotte. "//"Said no one ever" 


Time to get healthy= crash diet, To much exercise, and a little mental unstability.    


I s2g Inti has the best internet connection ever. 


My cooking tweets are so interesting though, I should do more of them. 


Should I change my  name to MattOnjackIsMyBoyfriendAndILoveHimWithAllMyHeart or is that too long? 


My favorite people to deal with at work are the drunks.  


Don't you just love it when people make you feel stupid. 


  must be that all of the seats are sold at Target Field and they don't need SoDak fans to come? 


I LOOOOOOVE working sixteen hour days!   


Is it finals week? I wouldn't be able to tell from my timeline...  haha


Great, snow in the morning. Just what I need to start the day right. 


Great piece about Pussy Riot and Mikhail  Khodorkovsky:       


" Turtles can breathe through their anus." Well that was information I wanted to know 


Wow, how did all of South Carolina media get "scooped" on the Clowney going to the NFL story by ESPN? 


Good thing i have an 8am final and i can't sleep... 


Really, no one could have predicted that Bama would score in less than two minutes. 


 I'm proud of myself for not talking about how proud I am ...... Of myself.... yeah I'm confiden in that answer. 


Customer   to barista- how r u? Barista- Tired, I've been up since 3:45. Customer- this morning? Barista- no yesterday  


I don't know if you can tell or not. But we were REALLY awake when we took this.    gotta love a cold start with a cummins..... 


Everyone's j texting me at once i don't know where to begin 


   as you wish. I will keep  in the mix however.


 you guys are amazing! Thanks for the sufficient heads up! 


  I like the "while rationing" bit thrown in, lol, that's not a loaded question, is it? 


OMG I CANT WAIT TO PRACTICE IN THE SNOW AGAIN &amp; CUT MY HANDS UP JUST TRYING T CATCH THE BALL :D  


 See arsenal failed their real test. Pundits were right all along... 


Those sudden unexpected lunch outings with the family...i totally love showing the world my shitty uniform 


This girl knocked on the door and asked if my parents were home. I love looking about 4 years younger than what I actually am. 


This leaving Ayrshire at 5:30 to travel to Dundee everyday is a killer. Get me a 9-5 office job.  


It's so nice to text a pic of myself in my new glasses to my mom, sister, &amp; brother 1st thing &amp; get no reply from them at all. 


Love getting up early and getting ready then to be told your not going anywhere any more by friends 


I can think of nothing sadder than an actor dying 


 this is literally me right now with 21 followers
"I must be awesome. :P 


Freaked out for the RE exam tomorrow, I revised like hell, hope I don't run out of opinions 


no im not open im just standing here doing shit all for fun 


Hurrah, my singing neighbour is back. So out of tune this time I can't quite make out what 'classic' she's murdering. Life is good. 


No really,  I love lectures on how important it is to pay my bills on time from someone who has never paid a bill in their life! 


Wish things weren't so hard.     


 Cam plays great but ELITE quarterbacks don't put towels on their heads and tuck them in their uniforms. 


I really appreciate the effort on the defensive glass KU is showing, and the smart decisions on offense continuing to launch 3's 


Those who didnt get their kids vaccinated because of Jenny McCarthy will never fall for a celebrity's medical advice again. 


Well isn't not being trusted the best feeling in the world.. 


Not even making it to the start finish line to receive the initial green flag and a wreck happens.  


 great job hand selecting me 3 phones I have 0 interest in!      the bright side, the Dolphins didn't look as bad as Dallas vs NO..


  3 digits...  hmmm 16.5 obviously  


It's always fun staring at the tv while in the dark and having a character from insidious 2 pop up out of nowhere.. 


Can't wait to not get kissed under the mistletoe again   


I just love it when people hang up on me mid conversation for no reason at all! 


My head hurts. Guess that's what I get for studying for 2 hours.  


wow these comparison videos with new consoles versus old consoles or between xb1 and ps4 are so cool  way to be original everyone


Today is just getting better and freaking better!!  


 When people complain about lags and there the biggest lag well this wasn't a subtweet to me  


Snow!!*

*Well, someone had to do it and I assume I am the only one.  


Thanks to  for taking me to learn how to teach my dog to play the bongo drums     


History books will document that it snowed in  in December 2013  


So Cutler may be out for the year with that ankle injury. Sweet. 


 But, but...the 12th Man! We set a World Record. The best fans in football! Only in Seattle! HAWKS HAWKS HAWKS! 


Your not texting me back, so I guess your fighting a super magical dragon because their is no way your to busy to text me back.  


"  I don't even know what download means"lol lol if yah blowin smoke you know wat it means 


ziam shippers dont have proof to say ziam is real!

oh.. you must be new,honey!

 




   he's gonna edit it with youtubes amazing editing software. 


Sinus infection and an ear infection it's my lucky day! 


Love that my mom isn't home right now and I haven't seen her all day 


I'm not really in the business of being fake.        


Its okay, i didn't want to talk to you today anyway. 


FUCK YOU TOO RT   whaddup G! You good?  *cackle cackle*


I love waking up at 6:30 everyday for no reason! 


On the internet you can be anything you want to be ! Its just so sad that so many people choose to be stupid ... Oh shame 


Man the Browns are so awesome, I'm so glad they're playing this great. 


Happiness is to be able to joke..when you are feeling shit..



 feels good to be ignored and not followed by u aha  


I must say, Brad Marchand is the classiest player in the NHL! Really, he is! 


 no. I would like to be a hoe and shake my ass on a dick while calling it dancing 


 remember when I thought the giants and devils were both hockey teams  


Tea, peanut butter cookies and music!  Anddd enjoying doing homework 


oh great, because the first thing I want to hear when I wake up in the morning is a crying baby 


Mom Just got me a new team Jacob hoodie....    love how my subscription list just randomizes everything on it.  


Is OU winning?? I dont know because not enough people are tweeting about the game...  


 But but but but  won the war on    LIED TO ME!    
 giving too much cricket in between advertisements nowadays, aren't they? -_-  


Wait, UNC beat  Michigan State....and UAB beat UNC.....so that means UAB is the best team in the nation! Right? 


If you wear a sleeveless shirt I immediately assume you're a badass 


It's amazing how many RQM parcels are being scanned as delivered without actually reaching the buyer.  


 hahaha.  is always implied! Lol. I'm always useless too even when I am employed...


I'm feeling really optimistic with having to choose between RG3 and Glennon to start in my  playoffs  


Tis the season for all those damn buddy the elf pictures.  


I'm really glad that I remember stuff from last night  


 says the guy who lives in the home of the Miami Heat.  


Love unloading a truck full of hay all by myself.   


 gave the giants the ball at midfield and lead to a touchdown 


They should have put in McCown earlier I mean you guys saw what a difference he made!  


 quite easy,  one must not use their legs all day?  Hahaha 


At the mall today &amp; the signs say its a  free zone. So I know that I'm safe from all those bad guys.    


I love driving three hours to sit in a doctors office for two hours to find out if I need another surgery!  


I love how these application problems are so easy and then the mastery and challenges are super difficult. 


Welp I hurt my hand, arm, and side so today was such a grate day   


 exactly! He worked with the "special one"  so hopefully... he'll work his magic n come out on top tomorrow.


Wow Mike Leggo has the nerve to continue to win this game for the   He should know the  suck on the PP 


It's almost cold enough in  to break out the thinner hoodie.  


 US ethnic cleansing? *Never*   offers provocative views, incl on US massive &amp; lucrative jail industry.


is officially applied to college, yay! so excited to spend every cent i own on college!!   


It's a whopping 5 right now. I have always wanted to be an eskimo. 


Its snowing out, who woulda thought it would happen in canada lol      RT   at its best. This deservers endless retweets.  via    


 Hey, if the  app is now the native messenger...could we make the font size just a BIT smaller?  I can still read it 


Whatever I did to make you hate me, I'd like to know. I have other people I can use that on.      


Payroll company sent email about US payroll to Canadian employees. This really inspire confidence 


Black Friday? They already have Martin Luther king day, they need another holiday?    


Watching hunting on TV is so exciting. I can only imagine how fun it would be to sit in the freezing cold woods to do it! 


  is good for the health and will give you long life ..


Wow the back of this car is great. Cold. Quiet. Boring. Oh yeah, it's perfect.



  Didn't you know, hugging an Arab makes you a terrorist?  Depends on their Tribe. :)


There is so much about my life that I'd never know if you didn't tell me. Thanks for filling me in dear



Yes I am a bandwagon panthers fan that's why I put money on the fact that they would go to the play offs when they were 0-2  


 Don't you know this is a contact sport?  Its a mans mans game, and you should know he is not that kind of player.... 


I sure love watching Donald Brown take all the carries &amp; get in the end zone while Trent Richardson watches from the sidelines 


Makes sense to leave a basket in parking space rather than walk 4 ft to put up   


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


God damn can't we do anything just us anymore!? I can't be romantic or nice cuz everyone else needs to be there :/  


My parents are looking at Parents of the Year award 


 yeh because being able to play football means you can't be an awful pundit 


 Well I picked a great day to not bring my lunch. 


Oh good I'm going to really enjoy waking every hour through the night   


 great job on phil robertson! we'd hate for another one of those damn americans to have freedom of speech!  


Shout out to the dryness of my phone today, I appreciate the love yall!   


Merry Christmas to me I'm home alone...   


I'm a gimboid whose career is on a downward spiral to windswept seaside town pantomime obscurity - GET ME OUT OF HERE! What a show.



Razor's put a teeny bit of weight on hasn't he? 


    it seems that they are obviously experts and that their opinion means so much  


  not bad for a quarter of a million dollars per game 


Oh, give ol' Harry Reid a break. After all, political back-peddling is an American tradition. 


 Until Josephus Daniels rises from the grave to give you a zombie cup of Joe. Keep up, jdubs...he was pretty obvious. 


I love when a mark just gets me in the mood to get working again!! 


Sometimes I myself don't even know whether I am kidding or serious.  at its fullest


 Yep, and a critical component of being saved is making sure you  listen to secular music   


If i show you a picture on my phone . Don't swipe left . Don't swipe right . Just look at it .. 


Did I mention the name of the show also happens to be the name of the mech? Really original. 


 I like it just as much as pouring rubbing alcohol on a paper cut! ;) 


Hey y'all apparently I have minor depression well that was news to me  


 speaking of NAS thanks for the hard drive buddy  


 Please attempt to talk to my guy again. It's my favorite.   


just wanna have a little shout out to my teachers..lovin' the hours of homework and studying for the next week.  


"OMG it's cold"-  
"Yeah... Sorry it's not warm ice cream"  smh... 


 To be a united fan you CANT choose players from rival teams on Fantasy premier league or your not a real fan!!! 


 I'm enjoying laying in bed not being able to eat anything except fries, Gatorade, water, medicine, and soup. 


...glad I've stayed in my goofy, ornery mood all day though...despite the chaos 
= +  ...  


Whaaaaattt?! Tom Daley is gay... Never would have guessed 


Last business trip of the year is off to a fantastic start!     


   sorry jack I thought you would like my incredible wit since u retweeted mr manning's. 


Feels like -800 outside and I walked to work. Going to be a fabulous day! 


So my dad shut himself in his room and isn't talking to my mom or I
Yeah I can tell 2014 is going to be a great year   


  oh shit that's awesome cuz I was actually wondering that this morning  


The Tenors singing ing the Canadian national anthem. I guess chad Kroger was unavailable. 


Disfrutando de las buenas cosas de la vida by your own. That's the kind of thing everyone wants! 


I see what the Braves are talking about, ATT is getting a little long in the tooth, probably time to start planning a new park. 


 *page. RT Hey  check out what                               put on their Facebook paige!


Selfie selfie din pag may time    


You know, I never knew not being a warmonger meant you were a lefty. Good old Gove strikes again. So glad hes in charge of schools 


 Gartner Blog: Who owns (really owns)   I do!   glad everyone is being so nice to me today! (:  


  Ugh, I'm going to throw up on my phone!!  Hey, at least MU b-ball beat LBS today!  


Horrible headache and a cold empty bed makes for a good night.. 


 RT   damn... I have so much to learn. 


    You say skeets, I say assholes. Can't wait to get home  


 Love when people pin stuff on my Pinterest.   what are you talking about?


See FC have loads of games on sky.....oh no hang on!!! 


 I'm not picking up on the whole kitten metaphor, is there like a dual meaning or....  


There's nothing hotter than someone putting Drake lyrics as the caption of their selfie 


I get my tonsils out tomorrow! Gonna be so great!! 


Well i cant wait to get all these tests done today. 


Apparantly something big happened in some other college football game. How that gm is bigger than the  title is beyond me. 


 The corrupt are corrupting the paperwork of the corrupt?  Say it isn't so 


 Its 11:20pm on  &amp; instead of being with my family Im stuck at a truck stop 531 miles away.

THANKS OBAMA!! 


Not sure what any of this has to do with my major... but thank god I know how to compose phylogenetic tress!!  


 great pick up of Brandon Allen. Really proving everyone wrong this offseason      


 no doubt I just didn't add enough characters to add a  tag


  Even though I can't possibly attend, I'm terribly offended I didn't get an invite!!! 


Thanks Walking Dead. Thanks for killing Santa right before Christmas.  


Good thing I was at a wedding yesterday and missed the best game of the season   


So I just realized I have around 1000+ pages and more to mentally adhere &amp; infuse for this sem's final. This is the life. 


Russell Wilson just checked it down, he must be just like Trent Edwards  


Big man curling with great form... Why?    Yes, this OSU team runs the ball and picked a QB and stuck with it.I know!!  WV had no business on field


Brilliant, the wind is making my temporary  repair bedroom wall move, creak and groan. Should be a great night then eh? 


 I'm sure  will agree this was an appropriate response to such an obvious  


   there's no problem in the city more taxes can't solve! 


Shit, did it snow outside??!! Thanks for letting me know everyone on Facebook!!  


Please don't throw your cigarettes in the urinal.  It makes them soggy and hard to light!    


 Is it possible to have person on show who likes Mr Abbott, I'm afraid Alan Jones dislike for him is terrible!!!!  


 is there going to be a live press conference on  just curious  


Yep, you guys are right. Bama is definitely still the best team in the country. 


It's always nice to wake up to the loud moaning a of a bitch in your brothers bedroom 


I just LOVE that I have zero fashion sense. What to wear tomorrow night..  


Well I sure am glad that your mature enough to let me keep my own daughter.  


If you are working hard you are not working smart!

 


Holy shit! Tomorrows monday!! Man this week is already going by soooo fast! 


Gunna be a good ass day on my way to work and it's gunna be 9 degrees  so excited !  fuck!!!


Yesterday was arm day which makes today the day I die in pain. Have a good day.   


 Actually the good part is after you let it out.. .you know...when ur like "oooh, I shouldn't have let it ALL out" 


 Pick Minnesota and stay four years the NBA isnt going anywhere. 


It's the game of the year tonight!! Jags-Texans!! Oh boy I can't wait!! 


 time for u to play the Benny Hill themesong!!!    


I bet you feel so high and mighty driving around in a Cadillac escalade hybrid; so Eco-friendly, so green 


  yah this being an athlete makes it hard its not like i got to do it early or anything 


lol RT  There's nothing more social than an auto-reply DM on Twitter asking me 2 follow &amp; connect on Facebook  


7th Grade Girls BBall Gameday!!! U can feel the intensity in the air!! 


Awesome. Just awesome.    


Today's Lesson: don't joke with you mom about  she might take you literally.    


You're sixteen and got a girl pregnant?  you should be verrrry proud. 


Such a deep meaningful quote you found off of tumblr 


I love when I'm flossing someone's teeth and I feel spit droplets hit my forehead   


best part about having no voice - having to repeat yourself because no one can hear you    :(


There's no reason to bench Polumbus right Shanny? 


    Come visit Rocky Ridge. Its LOVELY 


In bed watching tv... Great way to spend my Saturday night 


Quicktime no longer plays my AVI files now that I run OS Mavericks. Yay, thats handy. 


wow  trolled  who could have ever seen that coming? 


Nothing says I'm having a high-quality hotel breakfast like spray butter 


Wow, so many people texting me I can't keep up. 


  OK let's keep the skilled and well educated foreigners out then.  


Stay classy  like he's smoking a blunt.    guess who stays home all day because jay has a gig! Mee yay! 


   meri to jockey ki chaddi tak chali jayegi.... Ramesh bhai


I just love it so much when I don't get a response back.  


my french speaking exam went great, deffinitely got an a*.   


I too often honor someone else's death by tweeting a picture of myself.  


So excited to do not a damn thing this weekend!  


Thank you for making this November just like last year. 


I really wish Ohio State could have won  


I'd like to thank  for showing us the MINN OT, a game we didn't have, instead of the  game 


 Lol ....yes Daniel, I want to be a rotting food dish. :) 


Thats y most black people slow as shit now because explanations are exempt. "you should've known" smh well doesn't that make sense 


I'd like to give a shoutout to all the peeps that are sick. Thanks for getting me like you. 


Hooray for sitting home alone  getting high by yourself .... 


Ok so my day off turned into a total disaster... Credit card stolen and shitty weather meaning.. no skiing for me. Great day. 


Well it looks like I get to miss my classes today because I don't have an ice scraper. Perfect start to a perfect day 


Did you see that guy run really far with a football... truly awe inspiring. 



Oh hey! :) didn't see ya there. Well atm im swimming in my pile of homework. YAY! 


Happy now? ;)     better be snow coming as I was disappointed when i woke up 


I just discovered this website called  where independent musicians upload their music and people have the option to buy it 


  ....I'm pretty sure his name was mickey. Yup. hot stuff there. Cuz were in Florida. 


 :D RT  Lmaoo..e don enta since d start of 2nd half o..u neva see am be dt ...  mean.. It's not like I want my voice back anytime soon. I like sounding like a 13 year old boy going through puberty   


Isn't it great that my first midterm is Math with Dr. Go? 


That awesome moment when someone is stressed and treats you like it's your fault   


 that's very funny and original. Where did you come up with it?  


My work to break ratio is just so productive.  


When people act like your friend, then in the end the backstab you. I love that so much.   


Miley Cyrus performing April 24th at coli  


I absolutely love that the week before finals I have homework due everyday  


Wooooowww, didn't see that one coming.. 
 


drunk girls requesting songs....gotta love it     


Wow first game of  and its featuring the  . No way this never happens.  


I love the sound of you slamming doors and punching walls, please do it a little bit more! 


The "scientific data" here is fascinating. The Wii, tin cans and forced smiles with chopsticks. 

  This is me every damn day.          only up by 6  over Drexel?  Fire Ben Howland!  


Gotta love when people stab you in the back and lie to your face 


College athletes showing true "class" on twitter... 


The chat in this crew room is outstanding.... 


I love when women try to tell me about my hair. 


NEW GALLERY: Celebs Are Thankful For    


Waking up with heartburn is just wonderful..... 


 Pinkel needs to be fired.  Congrats to 


 " Bendtner: "I do not want to sit on the bench at Arsenal. I belong in the starting line up of Barcelona or Real Madrid."


So sad to see the SEC not win the title game.   


man im stressed....... got exams cuming in a couple a days...... cant wait 


The fascinating drive from Dallas to Houston.    looks better with a little weight on her. Not too skinny"-me
"That's just what I was thinking"-dad
 


Report issues to  It gets marked as fixed. Internet &amp; phone line still down. Great success! 


 Really glad someone is here to greet me at home.....   Welcome to Ankeny Kylie, it's great to have you!


 going to they Grey Cup. Who woulda thunk. Good thing we didn't hire Kent Austin. He's a shitty coach. 


People think  is being serious about that wiggins comment. 


I love being blacked by someone I wanna talk too 


A man, three cats, a child and a baby   


  You missed the  
We'd still have the same people on welfare, they just wouldn't be ILLEGAL anymore!


Air ball by Jabari? Jazz better start winning, I can't stand air balls..  


 mediocre big12 teams do damage in the sec. Crazy how much better you get by switching conferences 


2014 is going great already. I was throwing up for 7 hours this morning and I'm still hanging like a bitch. Perfect. 


I wish I had friends to take me home after school. But I'm sooooo out of everyone's way. 


  outlaw driving. That would save many more people. If U only save 1 life wouldn't it be worth it. Is 1 worth that? 


I love being up this early. I feel so refreshed and ready to start my day.......  


Oh yay! There are two babies on my flight back home!   


 hasn't passed $1,100 yet. Slacker cryptocurrency. $BCOIN  


Well... that made me feel so much better about myself.  


If you don't enjoy advanced  We'll probably never get along.  


So... kayla got in an accident, aaaannnd my car got stuck so I had to walk home.. what a day!!! 


Don't worry I don't wanna spend time with my family or go out for new years with friends nooo don't be silly I don't have a life 


Winston is out there tearing it up, damn son! 


It certainly feels like xmas when your 12-week pregnant sister is vomiting loudly in the background 


Hey  you're doing a real great job.  


i love it when the weather alert goes off for /no reason/ at 8am! lovely!  


If Steroids are illegal for athletes,

Then Photoshop should be illegal for models.




" do you have sex with kangaroos" omg sooooooo funny !!!!!!  


really happy all my friends wanna hangout with me today 


Funny face because IT'S CHRISTMAS SOON AND I CAN'T FUCKING WAIT      good thing is,  we have Coach Grant and the SEC part of the season coming up to make us feel better.   


WOW  another penalty for a good hit.....    way to go! &lt;&lt;&lt; 


Hey look, a Winter Storm Watch is in effect for Friday. WHY AREN'T YOU PANICKING YET?  


The  haven't won all season aaaaaaand it's gone!   


Everytime Im suppose to be studying i always find myself on my phone.Its become smething i do unconsciously :/   ...


Great for building media distro lists RT  I just love when someone sends out a bulk email with every in the "to" field 


Too bad that the  don't have any good running backs that would allow them to run the damn ball.  


Glad to see all those in the posh seats behind the dugouts at wembley made it out for kick off   


Thanks guys. I totally didn't have plans to leave the house today.    at 9.30 this morning has really intensified my appreciation for this delightful British weather!     


Your voice annoys me, even through text.       


Glad I woke up to watch this awesome  game....... 


Look I got a whole four chips in this big bag of  chips.     WHAT?! That second one was totally the defense's fault! Gardiner was flopping around like a fucking fish! 


Love paying Rogers (aka Robbers) $$$$ to watch my  only to have to watch the damn Caps while  scores  


 everyone knows  players do better in the NFL. 


Wow, just wow!  - David Cameron's hairdresser awarded MBE.  News.   Well that wasn't biased at all. He voted Winston 2nd and a player from the New England area 1st 


Thats exactly how i wanted to start off my break   wrecking


 Shocking!  Never saw any anger issues from him.  


. Naw it didn't the head of that division had to quit for no reason.   


You mean to tell me that I missed my last Christmas on the promenade?! Oh no!!!!    


You know your day is starting off good when you almost lose your class ring down the drain.. 


 and when I shovelled my walk this morning, there wasn't a single track on it either, so why do I pay taxes on it? 


What a great way to start out the new year.  


 no way these beat writers usually always get it right the 1st time 


 don't know of such a situation personally, mate.  What's up this evening?


i love that you are doing it back. It makes me feel so good knowing it's both sides!!! Makes me feel amazing and very wanted!(: 


 watch those lines of the circle, getcha everytime! 


So it's been 2014 for 11 hours and nothing radical has changed. Disappointment to the maximum.  


Did you hear the rumor that $BCOIN, Uber and Snapchat are being added to the S&amp;P 500?  $FB


 If anyone knows about   is your man!  


Yay!! I get to stay up all night to finish cleaning my room!!! How great!!   


Oh, Steven you're so clever! I can't believe how brilliant that  episode was.  


Especially how great my hair looked this morning.  


Who wouldn't leap at this deal? Nicely done,    yes cause a stupid looking Duck on a hat is pretty awesome 


I love people who make assumptions about someone else, just because they think they know what they are talking about. 


Too lazy for basketball practice today :( I feel horrible :( KFC JUST OPEND OMG i cant live without it anymore  : excitment in ug


Wearing Toms in November is the definition of   


More good news for Morehead State  RT   make that 3 guys with 4 fouls


  your friend who loves cheese soooo much.   you loveeee cheese! 


I'm off today so now I get to enjoy everyone's   


On a side note, the  game tonight is going to be EPIC! Jags vs Texans, can't wait 


First time kn XBox live and I am welcomed with open arms.      You do realise that  &amp;  don't come across well on twitter?


 they are in fact still around and used a decent amount but this 12 year vetting process needs to be re-accessed! 


Your breath smells like you took the gold medal in an ass-eating competition! 


 is that  I hope you get a job with the Houston Dash and stay there.  


I can tell within 100 years after meeting someone if they're gonna be a lifelong true friend.   


My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, I said No, but I want a regular banana later, so yeah.
 


" Oh Nabokovs injured again? SHOCKER!   

Lmao old russian


 You bloody homosexuals, pyar nahi samjhte kisi ka. 
 ki muhabbat ko stalking kehte ho?



When food is so delicious it comes back up so that you can taste it again 


 Good strategy :) I've gotten in trouble on Twitter more times cause of lack of self control with my 


Y'know what I love? Being asked a question about something I studied in college, then having my answer ignored. I just LOVE that. 


What a great way to start the day. I have a broken furnace and now going to be late for work, how exciting.  


If  wants to prove he's not a Muslim, maybe he should pick a nice Christian name from the Bible, like from Judges 5:1. 


It's gettin so close to Christmas. And of course I'd be the one not to have any shopping done    


 but lee was about to get a pick-6. Haven't you see him ball out! 


Callon is back,  intact. Check out the  sample on        Aye, coz reservations and quotas have been proven to be such a great idea 


0-2 for Stosur at Hopman Cup this year. Great way to go into the Australian Open!!! 


 Same guy that hired Schwartz and drafted all the players? Yeah, he should keep his gig 


 haha just unbelievable! Nice seeing you last night...    


I'm at the movies so i'm gonna get dressed up an be cute for an hour.  


   I'm holding my breath...  Point taken-- that said, there is value in doing whatever


From  This is really hilarious:       


I seriously enjoy continuously arriving at work over an hour early due to South Eastern rain works on Sundays. 


Shocked. Local news announcing it's normal for a 6 year old boy to kiss a 6 year old girl. WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO?  


Too stoked to write all these papers in under two weeks. Yes, this is real, plus more. Yayyy!   guy shld &amp; it should cvr abortion!  Rapey guys should have to buy liability insurance then too right  


I wish there was a Christmas movie in which some sort of chaos happens to an unsuspecting family. 


I completely forgot  was on after the  game. 


If only someone would tell us women what we should read. I mean, without guidance we might end up reading romance OMG WE NEED HELP. 


Well that was a fun night of sleep.  


 on social media and phones, it's kinda hard to put sarcasm out there, and that's why people use the  hashtag


When my mom tries to talk to me through the door while im showering   


It's finally setting in that Kyle Beach is no longer in the Blackhawks organization! 


 it's ok Myles Shreveport is a great place to spend the rest of your days 


 That's totally what he meant by 'trust but verify.' 


I really want popcorn but I'm not allowed to have it:/  


  yeah it should have been Toronto aka the armpit of Canada...cause it smells 


I like this theme in TV shows. Men can have two women!  Yay for us men. All is right in the world. 


Oh My God John Cena wins!!! The UnderDog Retains, I never thought he would retain because of his arm.  


Do ask your parents when you have made your plans. 


 What, you dont like our East India Trading Company mentality? ;-) 


Knew he'd be a star....  RT   what an awful draft pick......


   big, metal, shiny...heck Martin's right, for a second there I thought it was a cigarette 


 Not starting off talking about KU basketball? I am disgusted  


Wife has me watching  I hate when she makes me watch these things 


Like all local photographers...the moment I got my first pen I called myself an artist, I didn't even have to work hard &amp; prove it.



My dad and I were talking about it all lunch. He thinks it's a piece of work. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 o boy I can barely hold back my excitement 


  hmmm didn't see that one coming  but fair enough what ever keeps you happy


 no don't say that! People will say it was against a shitty VA Tech team and how we should've killed them 


I would like to thank Java for SSL keystores -- inferior tooling and a non-standard file format.  


I'm always impressed with how much Matt Millen knows football  


Can't wait for the 20 hour car ride tomorrow night 


Steve Spurrier is just the best play caller in the red zone 


Yay the AMAs I get to see Miley Cyrus touch herself again. 


By the way  , yesterday carey price favorited my tweet!! Omg! Omg! Omg! I almost fell down!! Wow!! Lmao! 


Want a great way to start off the morning? Spill some water on your lap! It's the greatest feeling.  


The highlight of my day is defo reading every1s status's about them going to the gym!   


still have to work outside tomorrow in this weather... really lookin forward to it. 


Got to love paying 300 bucks to have roto rooter to come out on New Year's Eve!   


I'm soooo glad Amercian taxpayers bailed out Chrysler...to see it become an Italian company. 


Man,  is terrible at the economy   New-home sales approach fastest pace since 2008  oh yeah definitely. You never hear Americans cussing anyone out in a game... 


Hate how all celebrities are stunning with mint bodies. Makes me feel absolutely smashing. 


Great play calls there Philpin  How abut a quick slant?!?


Santa is riding through Walmart on an electric scooter. Now how he gonna make it to every kid's house tonight &amp; he's barely mobile? 


 We need to flip him for Evan Turner before he gets to old... Grant waited to long and mess up the Gay deal...


So you're filming yourself doing something stupid because it'll get lots of views? Good, we need more people famous for being dumb. 


In high school I've learned that I don't need sleep to function. 


Because I need more   like I need a hole in me head...     Smarter people tend to make sarcastic comments quicker than people who arent as smart. Again, proving why I love 


  but u can never go wrong with what PGA tour analysts say!! 


  just epic tonight no problems and running smoothy  


Can't wait until Christmas morning when all the rich people post pictures all their amazing expensive gifts on twitter &amp; instagram! 


The pictures that I send on snapchat...cute. 


Nice to see President Clinton and Oprah honored at the White House today.  They're so under-recognized.  


" TREDOne, DiffCal, SoliMen, Transcribe, EnglRes, Fildlar. I love Mondays =))) 


Getting ready for another day full of meetings!!! Yay!!! 


President Calls GOP And Insurance Companies Bluff   in bed w Insurance Companies? Say it aint so!


 I'm so glad I can make hack jokes at an accomplished comedian because I am so much better than him 


 But, MLB is struggling! These numbers are outrageous lies!  


I cant wait for people to start asking me what gifts I want so I can awkwardly stand there and say nothing  


Nice to see Bristol City Council supporting local traders   a joy!! Anti-Coup alliance calls for more protests on Friday to support the students   


Glad I was watching Dora the Explorer instead of the end of the  


 yes seriously. Cause that's safe! And girard is awesome! 


 we all knew MM should stick with Flynn didn't we? 


 wow that is the most thought out statement i have ever seen i aploud you good ser 


So fun. I love panic attacks. They are wonderful.   


Church       


 Really? I thought you were the huge fan of "Alone Yet Not Alone"? :) 


 Yes but UKIP are racist...  Times are a changing.  for pointing out my flaw haha its not like i see it every day or anything...


I guess the game is over according to some... I'm confused...  


PS. sarcastic, not sarcasm   RT  The more I know my self, the more I realized how sarcasm I am --"


I shldv inserted  in my tweet.   


I'm pretty sure  said "The dragon kills Orlando"... maybe.
And its a prequel, but if Gandalf came back, why not the elf?!



Ahhhh...   or in this case  lol   for plowing snow in front of my truck where I just shoveled lady. 


  pesky is bringing his trolls out. Keep trolling ya clown.  morons


Chinese restaurant with a sign reading..."New York Style." Why would I even think I'd get Chinese style food? 


Well i just found out my dad isnt coming to my army graduation  


No, its cool brain, I don't have class in a few hours or anything.    


 to everyone.. Can't wait to spend a joyous fucking day full of mass texting..  


 yeah because who doesn't want to do nothing but assignments for three weeks straight!   


Nice try Tom Brady, you were close on getting that tackle  


" should be free from foreign influence" said a US senator in Kiev, then added that Ukraine should be with  


 men as selfish lovers is not a new thing 


 Only since the 50's, and boy, it sure has made everything better.



If I wake up and we ain't signed koke, reus, gundogan and baines I'm gonna be soooo pissed off !!   


 no but I'm sure I've done fine as I'm a top student 


If we just keep saying "GH is anabolic for skeletal muscle in adults"...maybe then it will work 


Hardly earth shattering news from  tonight. Billed as 'the truth'. Bid made Norwich won't talk. Wow I'm stunned  


I wanna give a s/o to all the beautiful single people living it up! Oh you know cuz it's so much fun sleeping by yourself!  


So awesome of  to offer to call me back in 58-88 minutes for tech support!  


 great. This doctor will keep him out until mid-season next year. 


" 
I like the feeling of being ignored" 


  nah mate, simple choice!!!! 

 bro


 They win, the fans don't show up for playoff games. The stadium must be a dump 


idea: since San Fran going to Green Bay is such a problem, why don't we just let everyone in the playoffs!? 


Just about broke my nose sneezing right there  


 I think Miley Cyrus is more of a hero than that guy! 


Yo I cant even remember what I did last night 


" VIDEO: Eagles fan spits on Saints fan moments after losing.  Shocking...  


 Are you kidding me? I would have thought Tyler Honeycutt would be mentioned first. 


Not sure this was the intent, but I thought this was funny: The 14 Habits of Highly Miserable People  


Watching  and OH SO proud of  behaviour  Why is this allowed to continue?


Great to see such a balanced and factual panel on  - telling the truth (as they see it; screw everyone else).  


 cos obviously we can't work at that level - 


 but I thought all the bad draft picks were from Rex? 


You don't know something? Google it. You don't know someone? Facebook it. You don't find something? MOM!  


 Oh I'm sure a lot of people will be listening. 


Talk about a wild Friday night.        to GCHQ - My love of North Korea is a pisstake OK.


  not at all  Mike isnt getting much of it.  lol of course not..his papers are suppose to cut your emotions off  


Now they've got us doing sixth form surveys yay  


I could of gotten an A+.. Thank you so much group project..  


 that sounds awesome. Except if Gannon or Wilcots is calling the game 


The hold was prior to the pass, but the flag was about 30 seconds prior to the start of the NEXT play ... Great call. 


had a bad day today and come home to soo many ppl tht unfollowed me.  


Anyone else assuming we're not getting our shoes from the Nike Instagram page? 


 I guess I'll be up all night playing  ...
Thanks Tom, thanks a lot..      Only thing NOT sealed ware his lying lips which would at least have benefitted thje  


Awesome.  " The NSA actually intercepted packages to put backdoors in electronics:  had stomach problems for 2 days &amp; haven't slept well. Really feeling confident about tomorrow's race. 


Oh, would you like some chest with those abs? 


Tony Romo is on pace for 30:10:4000 and QBR above 97. That's just terrible!   


Hopefully  deal with Iran included piles of our tax dollars to fund as many nuclear plants as they want to build... 


 Careful. Didn't you know it's still Bush's fault and posting things like this, makes you racist?  


  Did you know that the dog died is called Life Of Brian. How original 


Double booked for my tattoo... Not reyt annoyed or owt honest! 


Shock horror Miley is wearing clothes!!!  good on her for doing it her way.  


 that's usually how I feel after I kill someone   haha 


Your all so cool posting videos and photos of yourself getting drunk at schoolies I wish I was more like you 


Obviously Allen West is a Racist B/C He Speaks out against   


 Thank you for the kind staff  I've gotten better service in a Denny's at 4 AM


 Thnx 4 RT of Thanks so much Now I can't get Frankie &amp; Johnny out of My mind too 


Picking up my brother and his friends from a bar! Such a wild friday night 


 Man how do you come up with these? Tell me more doc. 


Turns out when you have snow tires driving in winter is pretty easy. Who knew? 


Hmm let me  something  and   


Being the only atheist in my family and inviting my pastor over to every holiday convention is just great 


And here begins the march to the playoffs.    


That 4 hour nap was so helpful. I'm wide awake and super ready to study and do homework! 


Hey can everyone post a photo of the forecast because I don't have tv wifi or a smartphone. 


Oh no I'm actually devastated, how
will I cope! 


What better way to spend your new year in the hospital? 


Only places with free WiFi in Auckland are McD's and Burger King  


 often comes from a place of  -   


 Why do that? Continuing to go to work has worked so well for you. 


 because i want to? i didn't realize i needed a justification. 


What a lovely way to spend Christmas Eve... doing chores  Yay! 


So glad to finally know why Oprah never had kids 


Haha, I love sitting right under the speaker, yaaay 


 has "man flu" so I've taken up the role of looking after him. I'm too amazing!  


totally love coming home from work to a sleeping house so I have to sit and eat dinner by myself 


Hey look we got Joe and Troy. What a nice surprise. 


No, we have other better players   Could be a good game for our only play-a-maker Kagawa.lol


Well at least I caught the parachute drop   Why is his friend, Senator John McCain silent?    


 wait saban's contract doesn't have a buyout. Texas loves that.  


 has 493 yards rushing after 3 quarters.  The  defenses are maintaining control. 


It felt so nice when you're the only one riding the train this time around 


 ahh so that's why ya gals have boyfriends... 


 yeah I'm not thankful for  either  


My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Wait why is the old lady singing a One Direction song?!?! 


Oh I love when my throat starts closing.  


Just seen on Facebook that we should charge immigrants in the uk for health care, what a really good idea:///// 


As you can all tell my day is going great...  


 I think she's got a wonderful figure. Shows what I know! 


Got to love an index naming convention where you get stuff like "FIELDNAME4010262258225434". 


Nothing helps a comic show like a nice snow storm after freezing rain :| 


I'm so excited to watch Courageous in class tonight.. 


Going to the dentist to get my chipped tooth fixed. Yayyyy 


How many more days til Christmas? Because seriously i can't tell from twitter today 


Teachers are fantastic at replying to emails when you need them! 


Why yes it is after midnight and yes apparently it's time for my cats to go ape shit crazy...Yay 


Finally finished my drug war paper. No worries though, still have lots of homework to enjoy. 


I can tell I'm feeling emotionally stable when I can down a whole bag of family size chips and have the urge to chop my hair off. 


Thanks for that perfect early dentist appointment 


  Somebody should tell those Montreal fans that this is  . We speak ENGLISH here. 


 really... The packaging looks so inviting too 


 all good things must come to an end....as do slightly mediocre things. 


Shout out to everyone who made me their  I feel the love yall   lol


 only 5% alpha premium to the market?  man is slipping... 


"Thanks for the Christmas card you sent me, Violet." "I didn't send you any Christmas card, Charlie Brown."   Our probe will land on 20 Nov in KPK in middle of NATO Supplies route. 


S/o to  for prob being the best at texting back...  but hey. You are nice:)) haha


Justin Bieber Signed a Stay Free Endorsement - Yukhh :P 


I look forward to the  every year. It's the only time I ooze self-confidence. 


 talk with  from the '
The smartest guy on the Planet that doesn't Get 



Can't wait to see what joy this fantastic day will bring! 


According to the weather channel, it's currently 0 degrees in Stillwater, OK with a windchill of -11.  


If you could read my mind, you'd be traumatized and psychologically scarred for the rest of ur life.  


I can't think of a better way to spend my birthday other than studying for finals 


 I'm sure Dan and shay give so much of a shit about your opinion.  


Spent the first 3 minutes of the new year staring out my window at fireworks, feeling horribly depressed. This year looks bright.. 


LOL  The solution to the South Sudan crisis is to divide it into South South Sudan and North South Sudan. 


   yes. We routinely kill patients for beds. Shh.. It's a secret  


    They just need 'training' to be 'confident'. 'Eye contact' repels all HGVs. 


SOO glad I decided to work from home due to the impending storm. 


I just tuned to the Victoria Secret fashion show for like the last 2 seconds wow good timing 


Shocker...  RT Report: Kubiak expected to be fired today  Haven't heard  on a national level this good since 20 years ago! 


 is like Electricity. Some parts of India
still don't get it....


I don't watch the news, but my butcher informs me that Obama's socialist healthcare plan is failing......shocking.  


Lovely 9 jobs scattered all over South Wales today, not gunna be late at all!!  


People in India never fail to impress with their sense of timing. 


Don't need any boyfriend to keep me warm. I've always been hot just as I am     love when Quick Match can't even find you a game. This is the best game design ever! 


Reading about the Wilson government and it's relationship with Europe, this is soooo fun 


I can't wait for everybody to post pictures of what they got for Christmas on instagram tomorrow! 


No of bugs are directly proportional to the time you spend on twitter and inversely to pain in ass.   


I have to study til 4 am. Everybody should be jealous of me......  


Doing nothing all day and then nobody texts you on top of that &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; literally the best thing ever  


Ahhh, nothing feels more productive than spending three days rewriting all the code your coworker wrote to be useful 


 We can NEVER touch defense!!! Kill, kill, kill.   :)


Oh how lovely it is to see out of tune children singing (screaming) as I get off my train at Preston 


Watching  play Fifa is soooooo exciting!!!      


I love that my parents never believe Anything I saaay. such a great feeeeeling(: 


Guy in line behind me singing every word to the Nickelback song playing. So cool. 


 Yeah right, maybe its her dinner im judgingly wrong 


Great. Now you can send pics In DM. Let the blocking commence :o  


Good thing there's only a three hour wait time at the Writing Center.  


I sure am going to miss all of those Elf on a Shelf pictures.   


That awesome feeling when you fail a test you felt really confident about 


 well I was sitting at the table right in front of you so I see how you could have missed me 


Anyone that has to use the hashtag  isn't doing it right.


And the winner of the best parking lot award goes to    Louisville, MS   


   a misleading header from PFT?! The hell you say!! 


Well its officially my birthday. And yes, I do feel a year older than I did yesterday. 


 Nor is Punk/Cena at RAW. It's almost as if they don't want to put too many Punk matches in! 


A projected 40 degree temp drop in Oklahoma today!?!  Awesome.  


Lebanon crowd set a good first impression at this party...  


 Yeah, the fans who spend their money and time to watch this garbage shouldn't be mad. 


Can tell what kind of day tomorrow will be   


           I think miley should win the icon award. " 


So I have to stay home and watch football today... damnnn.... 


Guys, let's be honest,  roster is loaded w/ Pro-Bowlers. If Romeo Crennel was still here they'd be doing exact same thing. 


Another fun filled shift at redstar   


Driving home from Nashville with crazy winds &amp; storms.   


Ok the fact that this kid just came in here to secretly try to take a pair of my roommates underwear was not weird at all  


Why is the  Channel showing the Heat vs Pacers, when we can be watching the Knicks getting clobbered by the Cavaliers?! 


This seems like a great idea!         dies do you think the House will convene to remember his passing? 


Well looks like  will be my detention buddy todday.  


Trespassing fashion show? Don't arrest me, I'm so scared 


Wow. These Convos are just AMAZING.   


This lunch is going to go great...I can feel it 


 how else can a football bounce THAT high off your arm. You must be on roids...


I'm so glad some people don't have anything better to do than worry about me 


Taking a picture flipping the camera off? Wow, you're so cool! 


Chest pain. Yay. I absolutely love the inability to breathe. 


I just love being the only one up on my family at this time  
What to do now??


Just feeling the love and support from everyone lately 


 I hope you know that 20 tweets a day is totally fine. You're not cluttering my newsfeed at all 


Sitting on pins and needles waiting to see which college teams are playing in which meaningless bowl games! 


So when you're quiet about a loss you get ripped, but when you comment on it you get ripped... Love all the positive vibes... 


In the Province, we have ayala marriot and big buildings...     to see the Chelsea game is a reasonable price  


 Miley Cyrus had a head full of hair...   


  Not only a colour tv. A DIGITAL colour tv, It's different,We must watch to Maduro's moustache in HD  


  and that's reason number 999 we love you  


Christmas shopping with the hubby...always such an enjoyable day!!  


Because schools ought to tell parents how to feed their kids.  | 'Ritz Crackers Count As A Grain'  when you call into a radio station to request a song, and they take the time/consideration to play it.   


  Deferring blame from the precious little quarterback? Who'd'a thunk it? Nothing can ever be his fault. 


Well, fellow believers, we've survived another "War on Christmas." Whew, it was a close one this year!  


Why did my parents have to be so creative when they named me? 


 if PAUL BLART 2 opens in 2015, I can picture it beating AGE OF ULTRON, just like how GROWN UPS 2 beat PAC RIM. Lol 


Good thing I don't have to be up at 5:30 to head to work. 


I'm just saying the roads are worse today than Friday. We didn't have school Friday. We have school today. Makes so much sense 


So on Oilers D tonight - Larsen, Potter, Schultz, Schultz, Ference, Marincin. Awesome 


shocked phaneuf was on the ice for that goal    need to   


 Hahahahahahaha I know huh that really happened. 


It obviously connects via bluetooth     i'm feelin super inspired by the holiday season... wait.     seems like a good day to go tree climbing  


Great article asking why is it that politicians read the tributes to  from the script:   


  I don't think that's in play. At least not at this time. 


Oh well, I guess it's only 7 extra hours of travel, nbd  


  Here neither. Back to Gatwick tomorrow "Can't wait"   v Stoke coming up, been looking forward to this all day! 


 haters gotta hate potatoes gota potate ma3leh l 7ayete sa3be ya3ne meshkeltek sara7a ktir sa3be ! Allah y3eenek bas 


Where to book in  if you want your reservation cancelled last minute for NYE    


So my house is the equivalent to a freezer right now   


 RT  As  says: "The Rangers should trade Lundqvist. He's damaged goods"--Finally CLO comes around.


Allot of people asking if SU is safe?! Well, People don't come to SU, you're gonna die XD    


Sarcasm is Part of My Charm!     


7 points clear thanks to Liverpool..don't stumble now Blues
 



Thank you Jim Delany for adding Rutgers University to the Big Ten 


Because we know oil conglomerates only want what's best for our children.    


Yes,  I totally wanted Jenny McCarthy making out with some dude to be the 1st thing I saw in 2014. 


Could your legs get you there faster?      least there isn't much hype and fanfare in  for the  announcement.    


Well it is just a theory :) MT  I've never met a Neandethal so the theory of evolution is wrong.  


10 reasons to oppose equal rights marriage.   everyone let's just caaalllmmm down....  


I'm so happy that I have so much work before Thanksgiving! 


  some1 tweeted that all the pairings were heading 4a shakeup. What a weird way 2keep things fresh 


Come to Wawa get your megadeath lighters everyone lol    KSU for taking care of the sidewalks for the staff.  We appreciate it. 


so.. I don't think I won a damn thing on the lottomax, what a shocker.. 


Posting your gpa on social media is a sure way to get a job!  


Watching  eat bull testicles and penis with a side of pig placenta.   


Love ending my night by crying myself to sleep. 


Slept in for coaching, major DOMS, train delayed and I'm freezing. Great start to the day! 


 you obviously know me so well   


Has longhorn nation chalked up the loss already? 


Got greeted by the faci w "eh you got come school today ah?!". Such a motivation to come to school sia 


the lack of respect is unbelievable... way to stay classy and take the high road 


 word? RT  nope..true freshman in 2010...know your facts if you're gonna talk trash   


"When I was kid, werewolves and vampires were scary. Now everyone wants to date them."
  


 Yes a beauty queen is clearly a downgrade  Still at least Amy doesn't hit him.


 whoa whoa whoa...we were???    


 are you suggesting Klout scores may be off? Certainly not! Especially with how they give Google+ so much weight! 


My life is so interesting  Im sitting here watching Wheel of Fortune...


 Careful. You could lose your 'snappiest dresser' status. 


Unranked  is making  look like they were over-ranked. I'm shocked! 


The  taking Enderson Franco from the Astros today, hurts potential Price-to-Astros talks. Could have been a big trade asset. 


Well I did NOT see that coming..  even the womens game is tainted by money now!   maybe I should do that to get to my next class...   


 4-12... 5-11... Those years were the best!  This team here and now is just something else, special beyond belief.


Today was by far one of the worst days of work I've ever had in my life! Good thing I'm going back in at 7am   


 Umm...you need to add a  tag to that tweet Will...wtf


   are you saying you hate A&amp;E and the kind of people that watch it? Wow, just wow 


School is closed for tomorrow. Wonder why?   it really is miraculous how you always play my favorite commercials when I'm working out! You know me so well!  


No bandwagons being jumped on with those CDT announcements... and good to see the reduction in EngD centres too 


 Here's what the POLAR VORTEX looks like from Little Rock    Awful! Most Extreme Ever!


Was my cousin talking to a ghost, or did she see one of the dozens of pictures of my great grandma around the house?  


I love how my kids can't ever cook dinner but they can sure mess up the kitchen... 


 yep 1 NC in 43 years and 2 big 12 champs in last what 14-15 years. Sounds like guaranteed winner to me.  


I am in a great freaking mood on this fine day 


Christmas is almost here! It's only more than a month away!    just stop texting me at once,I love that shit.. 


It's funny how some people are just hahah I dunno how to describe them.. Poor them.  


 defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson, OEL, has been named to Sweden's OIympic hockey team.   


Im such a hottie man, my snapchats are hilarious :-))           I had a great night! Aoife I'm sure your delighted you wore heels in the end?? I know I am. 


With imessage i can now see when you ignore a text i sent! :)  


Taking all 5 of my classes in one day was probably the BEST decision of my life. 


I agree fire alarm test there is no need for me to keep trying to nap............ 


The state of Alabama spends the midst money on fast food in America... of course we do  


Oh boy. I get to wake up early to go to Wisconsin tomorrow. yaaaaaaaay........



 9 possessions, 9 punts. Hard to win that way 


I love how the sun starts setting at three in the afternoon  


Trust me, debugging is a myth. It's all coding!  


Softball until 6 and work the rest of the night woo hoo. 


Lamarcus Aldridge has 30 points 20 rebounds. Can't wait to see how the Knicks stop him. 


So glad the UK is so many hours ahead.  


 going to fast. Going to leave too much time for   


A window into  parenting vs ignorance          


it feels like 1 degree outside..yay! And there's still room for dropping temps in the morning..yay!  


Gotta love   RT  DELTA bumps passengers for basketball team...  I love hitting males in parking lots."  


 now, how could that possibly have happened? Cough cough 


One wld expect that 6month of Lithuanian Presidency decrease No. of cancelled flights to Vilnius.

 we luv ya! 


These two days are pointless but I guess it'll be nice seeing all the pricks in our school before break :-) 


 That is Definitely the case with me and you anyway babe :P   xD


Another trip to the mechanic. Love spending money on my car in Dec. Everyone is getting motor oil for Xmas.  


I absolutely love when people sneak things from me! 


 we practice defense only!! Didn't  you see that tonight? 


I blew it! I had the chance to walk naked backwards through a cactus field and I drove past the exit   


 that way he can be the DC at Cincy next year! 


Good thing the whole city of Richmond got new trashcans. How on earth did we survive with the old ones? 


Santa sure did leave me a nice gift to wake up to this morning!  


 could really use more melon and cantaloupe  


Conversations in the middle of the road are good ideas. 


Steve Bruce the genius one.
why Ferguson not choose Bruce over Moyes!!??? 


It's almost like the refs are biased against  


We definitely need more NBA rules in college basketball, Jay Bilas. Definitely 




what kind of surprise is fireworks? I'm sure they can't mean anything 


3 exams for government tomorrow and a possibility of a Pre-cal exam WHAT A JOY  


Seriously, how are there people in my life who have not tried to have sex with me!?  


Good job Seattle for offering  Cano 225 mill and, when it counted, offering Griffey Jr basically half of tht number.  


The days I actually get to try out my new app, I forget my charger... Great 


I just love when a GROUP member doesn't show up for a GROUP presentation. 


Yay! Work! This is definitely a good thing.  


The one night I don't watch EE as it airs &amp; a mahoosive spoiler of which I had NO idea appears on Twitter! Excellent! 


Look at that! I'm multilingual!!!       extend unemployment for lazy mfers...to not find work....for 3 MORE months.... 


   Sorry. I was being sarcastic. I should have typed 


It's the 70s show. Coming to you live from   [Flickr]  There is "global warming", so no need for artificial means to stay warm!  


Really? Thank you ruining my morning? It really helps A LOT! 


wow, thanks for picking up my mail, mail person. 


Land is Brisbane, email from office, off to Perth after Christmas... lovely . 


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


Don't you just LOVE IT when you get your phone taken away cuz you have to clean the house? Yeah. So much fun  


Another shooter at another school and on the 1 year anniversary of Sandy Hook. Yup America is doing really great. 


Can't wait to read everyone's deep blog post on "real life", post-Victoria Secret fashion show. 


The one we all need more of in our lives is Miley Cyrus. 


 But it's a gauntlet match and totally not something Bryan's already done before. 


Those who can, do. Those who can't, HACK!!  


Useless Evansville tip  crack on the road? Stick a pylon on it! Fixes everything! 


hitting you with a frying pan doesn't sound so bad rn 


"..hate on it hoe."
 lol 
  


Everyone's getting married and having babies and I'm over here all single and what not, just living the dream   


I love getting feedback,either horizontally or vertically.
But not  please.


 thanks for telling jenifer about that show on MTV. Now she has me hooked on that show. 


S/O to my fantasy team for scoring 41 points! That's what I'm talking about! 


At least the roads were good the whole way back to fargo  


  Wow!Thanks for the advice!Is there  a gas special of a dollar/gallon going on? 


 don't tell me how to live my life!  


Strep throat 3 times in less than a year...so much fun!  


 But you didn't play/coach the game man! How do you know football? 


 wat? A girl who likes football. Fuck fellas dont like that 


If you havent noticed the Houston Texans are officially on the clock. 


Thanks for free creamery dressing    just add sick to that list real quick.    


 yeah ur right, Manning over Ortiz is better.  


    Sure beats the limited funds or no funds from other associations!


 hopefully we get these roster updates 4 the ps4 b4 the new yr. 


 Right, those pillows felt so nice as they were hitting my face yesterday.... 


Weird to see Stave throw the ball directly at someone's feet. 


So great to be surrounded by happy, positive people who never complain, &amp; work without expecting others to solve THEIR problems. 


I've been blocked, oh no! What ever will I do now?   


Looks like it going to be a fun 3 hour drive home in the snow tomorrow  


I'm so glad you care about how I am today. Thanks for checking..   


Can't understand why college head coaches are so reluctant to jump to NFL. GMs seem so much more patient &amp; realistic than ADs  


Yes, I'm definitely pregnant. Because no woman in the history of mankind has every thrown up and not been pregnant.  


found out today I'll be jobless after Friday. sweeeeet.. 


Im amazed at how far the web has come since taking Flash out of the picture 


 So you mean the Cowboys aren't the only team to get penalties? WOW! 


 cheers I'll get on that - I'm a celeb probably watches better whilst doing homework  :)


So far 2014 blows, haven't done anything worth while and got denied from the education program  


 There is nothing as demotivating as a motivational quote, more so with a stunning picture!
 first hand


Go into work at 7 today. You know what that means I'm doing a 12 yay. 


Oh good, people are posting Elf on the Shelf pics, can't wait to see what hilarity ensues!  


Perfect.... Everyone is literate these days 


Obama is 15 minutes late for his statement..  


  Everyone wants to copy The Ohio State University!  Can't imagine why!  


So the ref had someone in his way and decided to influence the outcome of the Orange Bowl,  because that is good officiating.  


I hate when I have to explain  Boys &amp; Girls.. Wiggins is going to be GREAT, that's my point. Jeez. Us.


I love getting up this early to work all day! 


  Poor Tom Brady.  He's never been on the other side of it.  


Mitt = RINO.  RT  The  Legacy: He truly cared for the people of 


I mean thank god my grandma is in Texas for Thanksgiving and my grandpa is going to be working  


 found this little beauty , thought you'd appreciate the read   


Adobe support is so awesome they tell you when the  of customers ahead of you has changed from 45 to 44. Thanks a lot!   


 In the eyes, Geoff. The eyes!  can't wait for tonight though!


Yet more evidence of Moran being an utter arsehole. What a surprise. 


8 exams next week, no school isn't stressful at all! :) 


 I say put Flynn in arod just doesn't have it today!  


 thanks because i really wanted to know that 


 wouldn't want to tarnish that "perfection" status. 


Go to the mall today, everyone else in Maine is doing it. 


Yeah, college football isn't exciting enough, we need to change as much as we can now! 


Wisely prepped for my early improv audition by watching "The Quarterback" ep of Glee at 1am. 


 GameDay is heading to Auburn for the Iron Bowl!  yeah! More SEC..   


so glad I'm not presenting at a conference this weekend     only thing that could make today better is homework! 


 if you humiliate people for living.

 


Glad to see people are doing what they are supposed to around here. 


Ah, the Monday after a holiday weekend is such a joy to work in health care.  


from the sounds of commentary, Wenger has produced an absolute masterstroke bringing Sagna &amp; Nacho in for Jenks &amp; Gibbs..  


glad I got to see my fucking dad today it's only been a few years...no big    


It's will be a rough 4 days here in Phoenix at the Biltmore   Haha, thanks. It should be fun! Right?  


  yeaah go on then, be like i'm watching it all over again! 


 Ladies and gentlemen, the next Prime Minister of Canada.    


Here's to week 2 with no water at my house! Yay! 


Soo...Admin that just look at the numbers...hope you're happy. I'm just thrilled. 


So we've only been sitting in the car for five minutes and you've already called me incompetent?!  


Trading in 18 weather for -18 weather! Hell yeaaaa    


Such hardcore lifes,we're living --spoiler--  --spoiler-- 


Don't Tip- leave a hateful, judgmental note. That's the  way. 

 


Nice to see our offense respond after our D finally looks good. 


Working &amp;&amp; hitting the gym everyday! Glad to know my break is some what relaxing  


Sarah looks overjoyed to be getting her papers done.     Starbucks  lawl at my last tweet. =))  
I should really sleep -__-


Leaving work i don't got time for this shit see you tomorrow amazon 


Yes!  RT  A holiday promise from   'a lot more pictures on Thanksgiving'   don't get the big deal! Beyonc just released her album the same way most independent artist do, no marketing!  


I wanna fuck you on the sink. And after that, get you something to drink.   


Well Done Wenger, rest our players in the Champions League to lose this game, so now we lose both. Such a great manager  


 oh yea since you're always so nice to me.  


All set to watch another episode of weekend ka bashup with salman  


 STOP! I'm white and I can't handle  


 how are your school boys coping up ? Don't worry you are still on the top    


 Aren't movies so nice? Small, digestible, gets to the point quickly, and sounds. 


Got drenched in beer today. This is awesome  the best part was when  stood there and watched and did nothing 


 sometimes, but my fav was def the close up of your nail beds 


I have to see your face tomorrow morning and pretend like nothing is wrong. I'm just so thrilled. 


I just love waking up in a house with no heat.    


 oh yeah so warm Lmao pull out the shorts! Gonna be sweating all day 


 No need to read about it as her big mouth [along with her big A**] demonstrates that fact 


May have got myself a lovely speeding ticket this morning... bloody brilliant.  


She love coming to work with me for the day lol          was not OBVIOUS AT ALL.     oh hey there Mr.Suit&amp;Tie.   carnage is impressive. It will be a miracle if we all survive this dangerous cold. 


 
He's already so fundamentally sound and doesn't turn the ball over much. Why would he need it? 


 I really can't get over how good of a movie Savages is. 


Omg the pool was soooo warm today it felt like a jacuzzi I wish it would be like that everyday!!!!! 


would never have guess niall has a girlfriend. 


And I need to try to get on the afternoon shift that has apparently opened. Nice of them to offer it to current employees first. 


Good to know you believe in me...      


I love when people are like "yo I need a ride, smoke you up if you drive me!" like you're so ridiculously cool!  


 Mayor Ford just thanked Obama for making his profanity-laced press conference look good.  


" Tadi pada ngomongin cowoknya yg suka muji cewek lain di depan mereka. That's cute 


Multi-tasking = Screwing up several things at once. 


Nothing better than sending a nice text to someone and they ignore it  


I sadly am someone who is learning about these things later in my life thank you   


Clear your schedules people. The MLS Cup is on this Saturday. 


Karma has a wonderful way to bite me in arse, but then I turn right back around and make it my bitch again.  


 what's up with the random  It's pointless.


Hahaha the Bengals lost. What a surprise, I'm so sad  


Haven't been out in forever! Hate living somewhere with shit night life! Fri and sat nights sat watching tv or doing uni work  


Well ok it is not like I wanted to talk to anyway! 


"You know what would be really edgy? Combining obnoxious poststructuralist terminology with contemporary cultural references." 


Heading out to my outdoor school in a nice and toasty 16 F  


 Heyyyo this opens the door for Weeks back to lead off position right??? 


so um.. It's snowing ..just thought id mention it since I don't think anyone else is  


It's so nice out I might go and wait for Hailey out on the deck.  


Lmao Michigan football program is really getting back to dominance. 


 With every bit of his $12 million salary. 


Malu punya cewek jelek? Ngapain lu pacarin somplak?! Lagian pacaran liat tampang. Kayak tampang lu cakep aja upil sapi! 


   Rosie you need to  next time! lol I give up!


 Lets not belittle  contributions to modern life now eh?  


Trust needs room to grow. Like a rose. Or a tumor. 


 a see your singing career has taken off something special haha  


Thanks to that doctor who almost made me swallow that tounge depressor thingy  


Being an author is such hard work.      We got a very generous day off. We should be lucky! 


What a surprise E-on are putting their prices up! I guess they need to fund their bonuses some how   


So turns out  Who would have guessed?




Love that I was only scheduled to work 8 hours this past week.... Not like I need money to buy Christmas presents or anything 


Great movie. Idris Elba did a gOOd job portraying Nelson Mandela, I was just mad at that damn wig he wore throughout the movie.  :-D


 Ooh.. I got "stuck" with red wine and an electric cork opener in our gift exchange. Geez! Terrible gifts hey!  


Really  ??? It's only been 4 months and my chain snapped.     guess UK is baaaaaack since they beat Belmont by 13. 


My  . My       we played in the east we'd make the playoffs for sure    


The one day people are meat to give a shit and I still get ignored and forgotten. Fucking great birthday 


Gotta get up for work in the morning!!   


"Yes James you can go out , but we're not giving you any money" .. 
I guess I'm not off out then am I ? 


Well. yea. I appreciate you for doing that to me all over again.  :D


They: Hey, been a while. Is everything fine, don't see u tweeting enough.
Me: ummm...Yeah, actually... I got a life.  


That 'Madison' Night club in Cardiff looks really shit...  


 thank you for this cold you have given me  


 Obviously your fault. You shouldn't go up the inside of a vehicle turning left.  


In glad Worthington and Greene county can clean off the roads 


 ummm ---&gt;  &lt;--- TOTALLY not down to earth after a video like this  lmfao


  yeah I can really see that now thanks for pointing that out thanks. 


 oh no JT made fun of T-Swizzle. How will I ever live.   


Our prof is trying to explain excel to the class...it's going so well  


  lmao You two are full of great suggestions! 


Nothing like a cold shower to end this fantastic day. 


I love watching Christmas movies by myself on a snow day  


How wonderful of  to place an image of a button instead of a functional button on their Unsubscribe form. 


Today seems like a good day to tell people online how  i am allday..  


Or my moustache could just never grow back...you know, I don't mind looking 14 you know...it's fine...


  than Desharnais should definitely make the team!!!  


Good thing the ac is on at work   


  What would sell well is "Snapshot" where the subject disappeared after 15 seconds - Congress? 


Love that I can follow  twitter feed but not Scenic Rim Libraries  ping 


I'm learning soo much right now thanks ms. Mosley!!! 


sitting outside in Athens in the dark and all I can hear is police sirens. I love it. 


Not enough water pressure for gravity to work in the hotel shower. Water actually goes up.  


Everybody gonna be dead tomorrow, but Mr Tyson gon be excited af.   


 So... Scrubs reunite, and there's Patrina baby on the way. How fucking awesome. 


 yeah, pretty much. They do suit me rather well 


So he calls me by my middle name now, sweet. 


 that's why we love so much the press...


Jeremy Kyle proposals in the morning are just about the height of romance 


I adore the fact that people Try to tell me how I feel  


Waiting for the 66 bus for like 25 minutes in the rain  


Yay Thursday block! I look forward to this day every week!  


Ladies, don't all respond to my texts at once... 


  haha another whiny  fan! Shut up jackass. Carry on planning the parade route!!  cc. 


Things are really looking up for Ireland.. The new manager is great!   


Glad to see Pitbull's keeping the show classy this year. 


oh joy, cramps and work. clearly i'm going to have a great day today!  


 I'm such a badass. Drank a beer and I'm underage. Woah  hate this country. In italy I can drink what the fuck I want


As if my day could get any better. Thank you. 


Another 1000 words and I will be happy with this assignment so I can start the next  


I remember when I marched timpani...    


It turns out I know live with a whole Russian family  


 Vereen 6 yards, Brown 10 yards. My RBs are doing good! 


Tomorrow's Christmas Eve. I'll be working. Woohoo. 


 Yup! Dracula is still crap! And LadyHarshFace is still making me nauseous. But the good news is its Monday tomorrow ;) 


To all u mfs that like fake shit or something that doesn't come close to real , try our McRib !! It's fantastic  


My typewriter poster and I are to cool for you.     Rosicky fan club members, Arsene said he had an illness you know? Could be the reason why he's not starting. Just my opinion. 


So the Victoria Secret thing is on tonight  can't wait to see all the girls tweet about  how they wish they looked like the models 


All Josh Wilson does is make plays.   


great 2morrows friday nd winter break is almost done how fantastic 


Ha RT   Georgia Southern selling "We Want Bama" t- shirts.  


Not at all   Texas Tech doesn't count? 


 lmfao seriously your just so ugly today like more ugly than normal, you need to start wearing a paper bag over your face 


 He hurt the  poll numbers with  by beig pictured with  


Yup! That's me          Tomorrow Friday TURN UHHHH !!!! Thank you so much without this tweet I didn't know what tomorrow was  


 is there an out clause if macdaniels gets the  gig!?!?  Please tell me no, to both....


 I should stop RT gloves  didnt even notice the 13 glove tweets and pics 


 truly is a merry christmas when logic flies out the window masabi lang na may ginagawa ang PNP against criminality 


I love it when my professors never post grades... 


South Korean army cadets are banned frm having physical relationship wid thr partner..nw dats sm efficacy enhancing law.


I'm glad that all these hours of playing pool are paying off 


" In his  career Brady is 143-42 in regular season and 17-7 in post season" But Peyton's career is better 


Oh no!!!! The seahawks are only 11-2 now:((   


FACK!! I need to go to bed! 3 day work week. Yaayyy!!! 


OSU WR: "we'd wipe the floor with Bama and FSU." Because they face such strong competition in the Big 10 right?  


feeling alone is my favorite feeling ever  


 Dish and DirecTV are going to cost you more next year.  Oh, great. 


 I once ate a three month out of date freddo. It killed me. 


My Friday nights are the best!  its 930 and I'm bouta go to bed.


 Thats the sweetest thing you ever said to me 


No alcohol in 2014...5 days and counting...well done....


Dear UMD, thanks for opening on time. This lets me know the wonders of driving through rush hour traffic and icy road conditions 


I love people who think they actually have a say in what I do and how I live my life.   


  there was a  implied of course, just in case it wasn't clear!


Girl you looked so fabulous driving to school in your Mercedes Benz though  


We're in for another stellar WGN Hawks broadcast tonight, I'm sure. 


I'm so glad tomorrow's only Thursday and not Friday...  


 Oh yea!  But this FORCED "subsidized MANDATORY healthcare" is gonna be great!   Cos gov knows best!


 lost another shoot out...
  never happens.... 


 7-3, here we come Outback, so proud of this team. Better sign B. Hoke to a 12 year contract. You forgot  !!


Hashtags of today...         


Gun control getting strict in Colorado.... 18 yr olds allowed to buy shot guns, but 21 to buy a handgun 


Time to spend a lot of time getting work done  yey 


Dont go outside its going to freeze in Atlanta tonight.  Please donate to the Red Cross for this shocking weather.  


    yeah, nobody eats that, all of their pizza places are shut down 


"  u shud thank 2 d Bank,coz dis way u cn escape reding all d HATE mails.LOSER!! sure u behav jst lik ARmaan.Kohli Bond 


Thanks for the early Christmas gift Mother Nature ... Looooove it.  


Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. 


it's 1st. down with 26 left on the clock, better kick the field goal.  


I'm a nerd that likes to read.. like that never happens. 


 For the record, that sure was a meaningful post.  :)


"As long as [protest novels] are being published," an American liberal once said to me, "everything will be all right." Baldwin 


Props to  for showing all these "highlights" from the Chicago storm.   


Man I just love putting hot salt water on an open wounds aka piercing it burns so good. 


What a great idea to go out on a limb and pickup/start Fitzpatrick this week vs. HOU. 


 spending going into  new year arguing with my mother about being gay. fun. It wouldn't be a tru holiday without it 


 Because my life is just one big mess without 


News Flash!!!  picked against the Buckeyes..    


There's nothing like starting the holidays with a massive car repair bill!  


 Great. How nice of them to create double work for you. 


  I wish Collin Mooney wasn't on IR.  


Hey, everyone.  &amp;  just reinvented the fucking messaging world with DM's that contain pics!!! WOWWWWW. 


Big wicket to the useless no.3 who should be dropped. ..  


sorry i dont want to be in bed all day and actually do something .. fuck it not like it matters i def didnt want to see you anyways 


Did Duke by chance play tonight?   


Yes, 2 dollars is a very acceptable tip for a delivery to east Farmington..... 


Happy  its so great to see new blood like Drake and 2 Chainz continue to advance the game 


Was there like some big football game or something tonight??   


So We Get The Shield vs. The Usos Again? Great Way To Start The Show.  


you know, Wade Barrett could have been in a match, but I see why you had to recycle a stupid gag from Thanksgiving  


 they be like ...wowwww what is it...I'll be like it a freaking heart with my friends pet name ...are you dumb....


Yay 3 hour drive in the rain with other people also going on vacation...  


Is tomorrow really dec 1st? Like I had no clue that since today is nov 30th that tomorrow would be dec 1st..  


Again giving the receivers 10 yrd cushion. Great defense!  ....Oh wait! We give EVERYONE 10yrd cushion


I just want to thank CJ Spiller for waiting until week 13 to actually produce. 


Highlight of my day was being called a jobsworth at work love it 


. so the best sports person that India has produced should not be awarded? Love your optimism 


No better way of ending a class than with an anime Japanese movie 


 Of course....this being just a little bit of 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Ooooh a Kirkwood glow party....I bet that'll be fun -_- most Kirkwood shit is...


      Maybe wifi was sweating too from your warm weather !!! 


 Man, sure wish we still had McBain.  


I wonder what they're going to announce?  RT   Are you?  I love when people don't reply back to me... 


Always nice to have a bit of encouragement!  back ends correct- meteorology isn't an easy science  I ain't even watchin the match but I can tell from twitter that y'all united fans have this unconditional love for Moyes ha? 


  to rid the world of fat people all fat people must die.    


Glad my upset prediction was correct.   


  A real shock! Cutting commentary? They wouldn't do that... 


Movie time with no movie to watch. Isn't life grand! 


 hahah thanks for the encouraging tweet, nothing soothes a mountaineer loss like a hokie win  


So here I am,  back in the same business once again, can life get better?! 


I forgot that you were the coolest person in Tracy. 


Franco kernel has such good battery life.   into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


When's Calipari going to learn how to recruit? 


But hey! At least we've reverted back to one-arm tackle attempts! 


Thank you computer for crashing and loosing my finished paper   


Finally dono ziddi log bahar agaye, wese sach mei ye itni dair andar thay?  


who's this patches kid everyone is talking about?! 


 great timing on the heels of his death, so tasteful. 


This week has been so great.   


 exactly! Lecturer is so so so cheerful! She's even more happy than you! 


 yeah we are really racist here. Hardly any foreigners move to Aus. We aren't multi cultural at all. 


" My hot Friday night    nerd alert! *sips tea from scientific beaker mug*


   weird cause it's not like he's never won an event 


Don't feel well. Heads going crazy. Not hungry.   


The New Year is coming up, That means sooooo many people are going to change....


 Not true! We had 51% possession today!!  


   Perhaps you missed the  hashtag?


     oh I'm so hurt and torn up   


 Slick. Thanks to that KidLit FB thread, I've had 'Still the Same' in my head all day. THANK YOU.  


 some people are so gullible, after all, I'm sure you'll take direct debit rather than the whole amount at once!!! 


Damn that slomo of kapernick blinking was amazing. 


 wow youre so cool.
 if you didnt catch dah drift


I really like what black people have been doing with their hair lately... 


I think  is the most humble MVP ever "I just put my team on my back and won it!"  


Breaking my meter was the ultimate end to this fantastic day   


 why start now? Community definitely safer with him carrying. 


I love it when people yell random names at graduations.  


a pounding headache whenever I stand. yay. a horrible stomach ache. even better. can't wait to go to school tomorrow  


This headache feels so good right now!  


Awesome start to the new year, getting a cold! Yayness! 


are we just NOW starting to score. good job you guys. 


Such a good new year, won't be rushing to forget this one soon 


Really enjoyed that fire alarm going off this morning, and not being allowed in the dorm for an hour.  


Tejada is working hard to change it too!  RT  It appears the Mets and Tejadas relationship has soured. Quickly.


Well I'm bout to be known by Oregon peeps because of Deejay! Thank You Deejay!! -_-  


Washing dishes is SOOO much fun  rather be doing this then playing COD ..  


   five days ago???!! But what has he done for me lately?! 


Watson being tied down by root   


Courtesy of my best friend John &amp; the Boombox comic strip: Q: How do you brainwash a  A: Give him an enema   


 yeah they've really responded well to the difficult circumstances. 


So Cena's 7-1 at Survivor Series hah? Never saw that coming.....Not!  The man rarely loses pay-per-view matches period. 


S/O to Mikazae.. Thanks for helping me make tht decision  


I see you've found the militant wing of the "Action Moms". But their such innocent "grassroots" activists!  


Ha was that supposed to make me mad ? Oh how cute ! 


I love living in a nation where your dream job is just any one that pays the bills you can actually keep. 


Weee so so so excited for PHYSICS class.. weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 


In case I ever need solutions to life's most vexing problems I have an 18 yr old son with ALL of the answers! 


It's so cold outside that I saw a politician putting his hands in his own pockets.  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Those occasional 5 minute conversations. Oh yes those are the best.  


 lol I know.  the point I'm enjoying my time doing this, right?
also,  
learn it


 wow I'd never think that you would have such sarcastic comebacks 


Here's An Idea , Lets Get On Twitter &amp; Let Everyone Know Our Business ! Surely That'll Solve Our Problems ! 


Pls tell. Its champs performance from manu  


Always remember too put "lol" after anything meaningful you say so you don't become too vulnerable.  


Setting your alarm for 3:30 am to catch a flight out for 6. Who doesn't love that!?  


It's Saturday night and im left at home watching a movie alone.... Woohoo  


 ...sounds like it an exciting post ;-)  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I see the  game is going as lovely as always  ...


Those one word response &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I really love those 


Although we all know deep down Giggsy and Anderson will make Ozil and co look clueless. 


Haha yup your some real friend right there. Good job keep it up.   


 Life, liberty, and the pursuit of fornication.  Oh so this why free healthcare is important! 


tidal waves of memories and feelings always make Mondays 100x better  


I just love cheering at a girls basket ball game on a saturday night. There's nothing better I want do. Not -__-   


 you win me over with your amazing sweetness, yet again! 


Its the thought that counts..oh friends.       forward to getting up early tomorrow for school ni  honestly cbf


Good news everyone! My income stream ends in exactly one month. 


Shoutout to my knee who let's me know every time it's going to rain. Don't know how I would know if it were not for you. 


If you take out hole plate collisions why not take out pitching, because people could get hurt by pitches    


there's nothing like starting the first few days of new years off with this rainy/gloomy weather.  


We're playing musical cubicles at work, aka kicked out of office for lab expansion    


  I can spell antidisestablishmentarianism, am I hot now? 


  We need a  most hated list We already have starting condidates here 


The coaching in this Baylor OK state game is outstanding.... 


I love when my grandpa blows an air horn early in the morning. 


  I would much rather do all this homework instead.  COME NOW


So excited to ring in the new year alone again! 


 Wait, are you accusing  of having poor officiating? 


Omg My life is OVER because they stopped drawing Brian Griffin!! I'm so empty! This will take years to get over! 


You started laundry but make me flip it when I am almost asleep.   


Will Productivity Commission recom women work until 80 to improve their retirement savings?   


Because the Right has no media outlet.  MT  "The Right Stuff," a new center-right blog, debuts at  i have my pre cal and english finals tomorrow! 


 Silhouette but I assume it's Princes St. Did you have to wait long for a gap between the trams? 


Woo - Colour correction. Somebody please stop me from this much fun.  Feel like helping me out   love how people talk about how drunk they were over the weekend and think there so cool because of it  


 yeah maybe you can catch a playoff game :3  


my heart physically hurts so there's that  


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


   options seem limited to me bruh lol smh  lolso hungry I didnt even catch it!


So catching fire is demonic, duck dynasty is hilarious, Lady Gaga and Christina Aguilera's performance was disgusting. 


The only thing u done was yesterday, and since you've gone, you're just another day 


Thank u fortune cookie fortune, u empower me   are coming at a high priced premium in Dallas tonight 


I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks. 


Yo, the reason I didn't interview you is definitely personal,not because of something practical called a deadline... 


Yay someone farted on the bus :D! My day is made. 


I'm sure this game will be a tour de force of play calling by Tim Beck. 


I just really enjoy writing papers. They are so much fun like I don't even care how nice it is outside!   


  So we have a coach &amp; an AD clearing a kid to go back in. Awesome. 


If this Sundays browns game against the jags doesn't get flexed to the Sunday night game, I don't know what's right with the world 


  Oh, I'm sure we can trust BigAg to do the right thing by the land and the people. 


 Or just have Decker get beyond KC's secondary 3 times... 


IDP just got more flexible! How nice!   


 if only there were another legal substance to smoke that we could use for perspective    


Like wtf. Why is everyone out of town? Quincy is awesome. 


Wait...aren't the Dems going to run on how GREAT the rollout has been???  MT Pelosi on  rollout:


 I'm the straightest gay man I know. Because that totes makes sense. 


High schoolers decided to randomly walk out of school at 12 today?? Cauz that's sooo cool. 


Can't wait for my cousin to come home and tell me I'm going to hell for piercing my ears and coloring my hair  


Hamden public works just doing a bang up job. 


 where are you meeting them? Meet &amp; greet? Wait...! 


Yah!...  supposed to get 1/10th inch of ice tonight in  I love winter weather! 


 I'm forecasting moderate  followed by heavy   ;)


Oh so Obama shook Raul Castro's hand?? :O dirty commie 


What Was The Name Of That Thing...oh yes, NATURE      


I didn't see it coming: the dolphins o-line falling apart 


1114 lol you have no selfies &amp; I know like a millions Jordan's so idk who you are! And is 1114 your initials? 


 I know you loved the musical chairs segment lol 


I love how hypocritical people are.. Like keep up the "good" work  


Leave the room for like 5 minutes and you turn my show off and put your show on  


 If only all CMs were so responsive and responsible!  


 or maybe I've read them all along with your tweets and that's all you've mentioned for 5 months 


Avoiding communication is really attractive......... 


 Maybe you could help us...cause Spurs are so good at finding talent in the transfer market. 


 Luckily it's such a quiet and calm time of year that you can just sit back and enjoy it! 

(  is my friend)


da  "better late then never" doesnt apply to a  cuz that needs to always be on time   


Strange pat downs. Midair delays. And this eerie train stop. I .    JFK AirTrain -  wish someone would post the temperature because I'm clueless here.... 


  right cause Mormons are the ones we should be looking to for moral clarity. 


Can one more person put a story on snapchat saying the riders won please? 


"...then came the straw that you know what..." No professor, I don't know, will you please elaborate..?    


Omg yes. Please continue to tweet things and pictures about how you've kept your New Years resolution for 6 days now. Congrats. 


 Basically what I say to myself every 5 minutes. They shouldn't, though, it's terrible, haha :P 


 posted these amazing  PSAs. Thank you for enriching our lives with your   news, looks like I've gotta drive or walk into work tomorrow as the trains won't be running. Fantastic! 


I love when I have to come to work super early and if no one shows up in an hour I am leaving.  


Oh, who would've known!! I'm being good at the checkout at work!! Uhhhh! 


Thanks mom for caring about my social life.   All my friends get Christmas presents!! 


  Career Day?!? Why hasn't anyone mentioned this? We're having Career Day?  


Apparently powdered gravy is better than the real kind. So obviously frozen pizza is better than real stuff as well. 


And that, friends, is what genuine title contenders look like.   


Just got a text that makes me want to cry  a lot. This week just gets better and better. 


 Boyds draft stock is at 4th round currently. If I'm Roseman why not.  foles is concussion prone 


 Oh absolutely. Why more films don't just blatantly copy THE CANYONS is beyond my comprehension. 


Thanks Facebook for showing me my "2013 year in review"  


Prof: 'Can anyone explain sharia law?' Half the class turns to look at me. Grr. Perks of being only Muslim in class.  


 Good thing you tagged  or I'd have smacked you.  


 you're right, holding professional sports teams  accountable for things like defense is inexcusable.. 


   Everyone knows WoW died when they introduced BGs back in vanilla. Slow decline since. 


What a great day yo go shopping in the rain 


Thanks for posting all your presents online, I was so curious! No, I genuinely don't give a fuck. 


Wee not being texted back is awesome isn't it?!  


"Dammit, I wish this hot clue wasn't so hot."   


 no.....obama has created way to many jobs to extend those free checks  


 280k w/out power in DFW and I'm the lucky one! 


I.. I mean I dont want to go to my friends house, or go out to eat, or go to the grocery store. But thanks for asking. 


It's okay teachers. It's not like it's tech week or anything.... Thanks for all the work. 


I think I understand child poverty now; is that where your parents can't afford to buy you an Xbox for Christmas? 


Can't believe I actually fell alseep. 
Now for five and a half hours of retail fun! 


Arne said WHAT? Are you SURE? Funny, I barely read about it in the mainstream media. Hmmm ...   


As always I'm so glad I pay for the highest tier of Time Warner Cable's internet service.    seriously, my life seems like the biggest running joke ever.  


 a little late on that advice......are you sure it's a good idea to take the Eagles when they are leading 24-0?  


Thanks for the heads up in this snow, local  media. 


I love sitting in dead stopped traffic  


Thank you fort Polk Louisiana for getting me back into dipping again 


It's messages like these that make me remember that I'm loved!   and then rain, then freeze, then snow. Its gonna be soooo pretty out. 


Glad I get to spend New Year's Eve with all the homies..... 


Try phoning a massive company to try and find a contact name or number of a  admin. It's well fun and not at all stressful. 


"Is it cold outside?" No it's just below zero, no big deal. 


     nature raper. Love the giant wind turbines when I go 2 Blackwater Falls. 


Tattoos are good for showing the person behind your intricate personality and abundance of income.




Shocker  RT  Wow.That hot tub story about Eliot Spitzer? Some strong evidence here debunking it:  no- You look really hot in that picture  You don't look manly at all.... 


  I can't imagine why that dude is single. 


I love how they talk about me like I am not even here 


 I have read the email. I have no idea how that could be a shit show. 


I would just like to thank all my loyal followers, I have now reached 100 and I'm so thankful for all of you.   


Every time I walk into Crouches I get hit with 100000 pounds of negativity.   


It's like Romeo and Juliet!.....without the whole suicide thing._.     just love it so so so much, when I have a headache   


What I said to Amanda: I love you. :)
What I mean: Fuck you. Bring me tacos. 



 Youtube man. Gets more and more stupid everyday.
I got to happily wake up to this-_-
  New Years I didn't get to kiss   (this is for you    


The Nets aren't doing well with Jason Kidd as the Coach? Man so surprising 


School re-zoning: always certain to bring out the best in people. 


Conversations with my mom these days are glorious!!!        holy crap, I'm 5'9" and look like the 5'9" version of average, not a shorter girl stretched to 5'9" o:  


 don't be pessimistic, there's so much in this world to be optimistic about like Obamacare and legal marijuana 


Nice Grammar. A picture is worth a thousand words. 
But a tweet can be worth a thousand memes.   No doll, you're the idiot. It's called 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


i see so many of pics of girls my age that make me think "your mother must be so proud"   


Going for that 30 hrs mark on studying... Woot. Woot. 


 gotta get that good mileage somehow  


asal aku stuck dgn kes pbs nih?? owh.. mmg pun prob pbs ni yg keluar exam literature esok kn?? 


 Manziel skips handshakes and runs straight to a photo-op in the stands.    dick move


OMG - in a completely left-field plot twist, the toys are checking Doc McStuffins!!!  


"Silas is alive, once again can't die, but will be aging. Does that clear up your confusion" oooh i never knew 


No school Wednesday.. but yes we have a game for the school  


Because the condition wasnt just an example.  


2013? That was so last year.     


Hey  the photo was  but there are ways to take down units in initial photo ;)   


Thats cool mother nature... pour more snow on us so this hour left turns into two...  yea your awesome. 


I was at work when the  fiasco went down.  I hear their "school lunch" program is great...   2 TD's against Duke? Yeah they should really play for the championship 


   as I said a real political talent  


A dentist's waiting room. This is *exactly* where I want to be at 9.30 am after a con. 


Nothing makes me more assured of the direction of the Mariners than the FO having it out with former personnel in the media. 


Can't wait to walk Miles in the sleet later. 


 ahhh. I see. You have to put  next time. I'll let this one slide.


The lady infront of me at Costa just asked for, "a coffee."
That's like going to KFC and asking for chicken.  


It was great talking to you tonight.  


At the eye doctor waiting to get dialated.  


Massive blast heard near Quebec, Ontario border likely a meteor: expert  via   Awesome! 


Totally understand going for it. But  kickers are historically awful in the playoffs. Gotta build Succops confidence. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 ,  , and  are no match for  and a F* you attitude..


 I'm disappointed you aren't picking the Spurs to win tonight.    


My car handles so well in the snow. I'm so excited! 


So glad my office is open during Christmas Eve. So excited to be working. 


 Did NOT see that coming.    


Hahaha oh no,  you just bombed that interview on  ...    


Redoing web.config for Lync after a  CU is fun! 


Oooh big last second play of the half!  


Manziel skips handshakes and runs straight to a photo-op in the stands.   


 you hate him not because he plays at Duke but because he's Mormon, right? 


Why are guys such  now a days? I mean really.. Don't out do yourselves guys...  


 well I'm obviously not Ben Thedham went on my twitter and said that I was 


Faaaakkk !! Bendtner says he sees himself playing for Real Madrid or Barcelona in the future !!  at its very best 


 I see your good twitter profile Pic lasted long.. 


  What, so don't bother challenging the cultures that lead to rape?
Yes, that's exactly what I said 


don't mind dating you if you're ugly just as long as you let me keep you a secret and don't post any pictures of us.."


This is an awesome way to start the new year. Yay. 


I just love the way my wisdom teeth hurt my face  everywhere. Its such a beautiful feeling. Couldn't be happier. 


Great running/walking conditions!       all that's happened I wonder why I find it hard to believe you...


 now thats some awesome good news  


this is the teaser for their upcoming subunit as a tango dance unit ft. DJ Sungjong 


"He sees you when you are sleeping, he knows when you're awake" Yeah. Thats not creepy at all. 


Besides its "stimulus" right?

Have X dig holes any Y fill them in &amp; the economy grows right?



I don't know why Keenum was pulled. I do know Schaub is less mobile than Case. So that's a great fit with this OL 


Why do people come to the gym to do crossfit without weights? Do it at home, you just look stupid  


13mins- As Dembl glides past Palacios, it's evident we've finally replaced the Honduran.  


   yep Men having to carry maternity insurance, that's rational alright 


 Surely *everything* was better when white UK-born were a majority in "their own capital"  Source:  the fresh new batch of insomnia I've acquired...  


Apparently online classes don't get the liberty of a thanksgiving break. I am so thankful for the expansion of my education. 


 no alshon, Marshall, or Forte on the all-pro teams. Sounds about right. 


 I'm so offended you are calling me childish! 

  


Yes, Amazon Prime, I will pay $25.99 for the second season of Hill Street Blues.  


Q3 GDP revised up to 4.1% for final reading! Fed should go from $75B to $0 at next meeting.  Let's not pop corks 'til we see Q4 GDP.


My level of sarcasm is to a point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.   


u don't leave club that wounded, u leave club with ur legacy 


I love spending the little time away from school&amp;diving I have writing English Essays! 


Hard hitting  Shoma Chaudhury sees silver lining in the  cloud | The UnReal Times -  wait to get back to the cold weather and snow... 


Because it makes so much sense to deviate from whatever is working 


 since when is having a clue a prerequisite to voicing an opinion? The bastards changed the rules on us again 


Best way to start off the week? Get dragged into an argument already in progress at work between my bosses, who are brothers. 


Oh wow I'm soooo angry that somebody would dare kill the king, might as well go and kill the guards  


Cant WAIT to read my news feed filled with statuses of how cold it is outside!! 


Thank You, Paul Ryan, Sir!       via 


Just posted my  Every single one poignant, relevant and invaluably informative. Right? RIGHT?? 


  It's not confusing brother... weed is for fags! 


so glad my parents made me be ready to leave by 7:30 for a 12:30 flight. we might be late! 


Welcome to 1939! In Spain we don't go forward but backwards! Hell yeah, we rock!  


Mmk. Cool. Not like it was important or anything. I just felt like wasting my breathe.  


Love being single eh, lying in bed all alone freezing 


 I appreciate the 24hours that we are open. Most of all I appreciate us being open on holidays to. 


Thank you everyone for the screen shots of the weather I was unaware of the cold before 


Game Freak, thanks a damn lot for not having Cynadquil available from the get go. Seriously. 


" The U.S. lost to Germany in 1998, upset Portugal in 2002 and lost to Ghana in 2006" so ur saying there's a chance 


Try not to use your voice and you'll recover quicker, Dr said...well that'll be easy.   


  *mocks SErs* but that's because he respects her! He's so selfless! Damon is selfish! 


Starting to feel sorry for Man U fans  


What a surprise!  Trying to use my corporate   banking account and it sucks. Like it ALWAYS does.


I bet this is super high quality dining. Can't wait to eat there!   get to be with none of my bros tonight!   


 They shouldn't have any problems because they'll never have money for a family, never be approved for a mortgage 


I'm glad my parents let my sister do everything she wants. But I can't even hangout with my own girlfriend... 
  


" I'm koo with riding solo to the lights with a group of people with their dates! it's hella fun! 


. for the record you should add a  hashtag to that.


"jimmy crack corn and i dont care" bam that there shuld b the end of the song 


Bitches don't like me but they don't even kno me  ain't that something 


 RE: helping young people.  no, controling wayward vaginas is more important than helping drug addiction.   


Do pilots take crash courses?      miss your dad, - Sirius to Harry 


  pk in a good mood cause his favorite qb greatest ever andrew luck is in town playing the team pk hates. 


 Yeah according to his manager, he's gone from being a child in July to a fully educated adult in November. Wow! 


  Your staff at  the zone is so friendly 


Never put ' at the end of a tweet that contains sarcasm. Leave the people to figure out the sarcasm in the sarcasm tweet.


since I now own the shittiest car in my family I am now on designated dump duty for the entire month I am home  


 Good to see the Chelsea game is a reasonable price   cunts


Omg Yeah mom how'd you know I ditch school everyday, have 6 boyfriends, sneak out and do drugs??? 


Oh i love when there thick ice on my windshield 


Video:  Evening        featuring...  seriously cant wait to drown in my own tears tonight  &lt;/3


Oh, you're at Starbucks? Please post pictures of your coffee, I've never seen one before.  


So excited to be spending my day at the Manitowoc Public Library with    


Enemies on the set of Friends.  should be real fun 2nite.   literary heroine are you?" ME: Cathy Earnshaw  These results are not troubling at all.  (but I love it)


Reality hits.... Shoot for the moon... Really? I mean Really?!     slept sooooooooooooooooo comfortable last night.  


 I bet you had some stimulating conversations that day    stunning football match this, top draw on all fronts... 


Get ready for another wonderful broadcast by Vern and Gary. 


  nice block on the punter! Way to lead with the crown of your helmet! 


Let's get greener! Fill the mountains with ugly wind turbines and kill off all the birds! 


 Hater  RT  Scandal!!!! I can't wait  love it.... Helps me sleep


Phone broke, failed my first psychology test of the year, had to stay late for work today..like today is every kids dream day 


got two hours of sleep....and had to take a cold shower....today will be great... 


And what you know... More artillery this morning!! Yay! 


If the coach believes an injured Cutler is better than a healthy McCown, then maybe McCown should be cut, right?  


 campaign on renewable fuels then cut ethanol production.  Makes sense to me  


 floor spacing should be astounding now w Faried in the post, Bargnani &amp; Tyson there too. Melo is also better at the 3  smfh


Oh my god! It's snowing! Yes snowing!  In November!!  Anyone would think it's winter??? 


 what's so funny? We're adding almost 20 HRs to the lineup! 


 you are sooooo nice to me    


let me add a nap to the long list of things I need to do, lol complaints.  


It's that time of year when cheer &amp; dance music is constantly running through my head. Yay for competition season. 


Assignments for the weekend    


 maybe I should have also tagged  after 


Haaaaaa you're so funny. I see what you did there. 


I'm so glad I've been able to get some sleep before the drive to GB in 90 minutes. 


The greatest TV in the history is happening on espn2 right now.  I'm speechless.    


  70 degrees sounds just devastating!!   Hope you get your package in time! You've had a rough time with this one!


Glass is half empty or half full. Who cares, until it quenches my thirst.  


Was myself thinking so till this "in"credible fellow said it  


I seen some ''true friends'' of mine tonight. 


... and he's asking the PM to keep out Johnny Foreigner. I'm so proud.  


good thing we always held in our groovin before this.   other news , I'm home sucking on clear fluid. Yum. 


Because the Pujols deal is working out real well for the Angels  Have fun Cano Source: Cano, M's agree  someone out there go to class in my place tomorrow? There's 7 of us in the class. The professor won't notice 


Oh I need to bar back so badly because  two bartenders isn't enough  


We're so lucky to be able watch such Hugh quality rugby! Makes you proud to support the game.   


  yey... Another sci-fi film  ...it better be good, I'm going to take  word on this!!


Good to know. Not like there's diseases that could be cured.  "Did 007 have alcoholic tremor?  really want to die but i am waiting for all my holiday gifts! That i got online!! haha  


Mmmmmm nothing like the smell of apple cider vinegar in bed to make a girl feel sexy. 


Things just never go Tom Brady's way, do they???? 


It warmed up, it's 38 degrees now.   
 
I hate playing tennis under 50 degrees.


And thats when I said: "Next round is on me."         U lie! Those are 2 news stations simply report the news without infusing their political bias into their reporting! 


Great spot by the officials.  They dont need that help. 


I forgot I had twitter             


 Wait guys is school cancelled? People need to tweet some more so I can find out. Thanks   


 they shouldn't have traded Bernier to Toronto 


Thank you for ignoring me... That's exactly what I wanted you to do... 


I love sprints network! It works so good all the time and never fails me when I need it!  


 hmmm that's why your sooooo quick to reply  


 romo said they will work on it and jerry winked, so they sold me on the playoffs this year. 


Another one of my friends is engaged? Cool.  


 Sadly I'm tied down to it :( I'll be rid of it in 2 years time sure so it's not all bad :l  


 so is methane, do you think they are linked? 


Hey,  you need to tweet more offensive things more frequently! 


 country is just riveted for this power match up! 


Omg did Shaun White buy a $9 million mansion?   just woke up and we start school tomorrow....... well this is working well... 


Todd Haley is the best offensive coordinator in the NFL... 


 Getting off to a great start, bringing in the New Year smh  !!!?


I can't do my calculus BB because I don't have my book. I am so sad 


Out of anxiety meds. Today's going to be one fun day. 


 don't worry IDG will print 10 negative stories about Java and ORCL to counterbalance  


WOW!  wins the  ! I'm so surprised! ( )


Vacation is almost over :( tomorrow back to school  


Good jobs guys.. That's one way to make the whole entire building hate you. Especially during finals week.   


Guys! I know how we'll win. Let's only throw the ball to receivers that are totally covered. 


I wander if  is as pumped as I am for this thanksgiving...  


Our cash buyers are apparently 'delighted' that we've accepted their offer. This makes me happy 


Thanks  for this smooth iOS 7.0.4 update.   My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


2 weeks on vacation now back to work. I missed being in traffic. 


So glad I got a lot of sleep last night.   


Futures flat. Investors may be in a holding pattern until THE MOST IMPORTANT JOBS REPORT EVER on Friday. 


 WHAT????  That's just Tom being passionate and wanting to win!!!  


Would like to get a good nights rest but the Sheriff's Department won't let me.... 


Can I just say what a fine job AVB is doing at Tottenham? I'm almost upset he's not still at Chelsea. 


Given FIFA's high regard for ethics, I would not be surprised if the US is "magically" placed in the Group of Death. 


  I am so popular    my phone on a daily basis  my phone always like this


Excellent  installation, must shake the engineers hand the way he fixes the pipes    crap temperature change... The next 1.5 hrs should be fun 


 what are you talking about, that's a great deal for the Mariners. Look how well it turned out for the Angels.  


So  have positioned these knives strategically next to the children's cereal. Thank u   RUINED by Starbucks employee who doesn't know how to grind beans for an espresso machine   


Woah! The guy next to me has deer antlers tattooed on his neck!  


You're a cheeky wee cow. Jog stuff your head down a toilet or something!  


 Sometimes I close my eyes and just think... What would   do?     DONE


Perfect weather for shorts and t-shirt  RT  Weather for GB-SF Sunday. Bring a sweater, or 9.   Picking a few things at Costco pre-Christmas.  ( Costco)  sorry mr personality I should of spent more time with you!   



Photo: Inspirational cough drops? Why thank you Halls    If you haven't heard of him, he can't be good. 


I love how my mom just ignores what's right in front of her lol 


Shout out to  for being an all around bamf  


Really WT? We have school tomorrow? But it never gets cold in the winter...  


   I'm pretty sure you guys are the reason I have lots of confidence.


Bitch I'm totes gonna go out shopping tonight for a furby, oh yeah! 


Steve Smith is out for a duck... Omg I'm so surprised   


It's amazing how I always have trouble finding clothes in my size that aren't for children. I looove being small... 


So thrilled for this concert tonight.  


  I can see both the  and the offensiveness. I'll stick with the 


 you didn't say please. Manners,   happy new year


Another year, another lack of people wishing me a happy half birthday.  


gender equality is like telling your husband to give birth the next time u decide to hav a baby.. 


Let me hang out with my friends and that means I am fucking one of them so my significant other is at home jealous And worried 


Man Ohio state really deserves that  ranking. Such a gritty performance against a tough, talented, dominant Michigan team. 


"Sometimes i sit on the toilet backwards"    


Thank god my old boss just ripped my favorite jeans in half at the bar  


Saturday Class, oh how I love you...   but     Me too but even  30 yr dead Iguana would be better than  


I'm working on my resume. Should I use the term, "mad skillz" or would "mad skills" be more formal? 

  


   John !!  .. im  sure any male bartender will be more than happy to see a gorgeous girl like Aaryn


Gosh I love it when  doesn't text me back!!!  


  like when he decided to sign all of that stuff 


I loooove traffic.. Especially when I'm trying to get to an exam. Its the best :))))))) 


I always forget that turn signals are optional in MA. 


" Birth marks are where you were killed in another life." So that's why I have a cut on my pinky toe 


Stuck in Dr office w/ daytime tv;   


Love the attitude of last minute Xmas shoppers!!! 


Discovering gray hairs and waking up to face full of zits...I'm not stressed at all. Really. 


It's coming! Snowpocalypse is coming! Hurry buy the bread off all the shelves!    


I love it when my teacher contradicts herself  


Well my brother sounds super excited to see me.  


  Hmm.. Let me see if I'm doing this right...  ...


Work Christmas parties are the best  


 Thanks for letting the west coast in on the live Tweet save. It was a great idea I loved not being able to participate 


We all have seen those factory farms, right?!        mean, students literally cried with joy evertime they finish my class.  


I just face planted in my driveway because of black ice...good one Mother Nature.  


 But other people aren't allowed to dislike things you like! RAGE MODE ACTIVATE! 


Dirk Nowitzki hits 3 FTs on 3-point foul ... 23 points 9-9 on FTs ... He might make the NBA Hall of Fame 


Ohhh yeah and ofcourse you get a nice double dose of mercury. It's sooo gooood for your brain. HAAHA again 


Hahahah what.? Oh no, you not responding doesn't affect me at all.. 


Glad the combination of exam week, cold weather, and having a cold looks so good on me.  


Anybody know where  and the  are having  ? I haven't heard yet and I'm worried.   


It'll probably put me in a great mood too mom. 


Nothing like showering without hot water and the shower head Falling on your head and you silently grieving of pain    


Evans vs Sonnen - that was so exciting  , but I won feria


Document Dumps, too! " Ahh... Night before a major holiday. Can't wait to find out what exec orders are being signed. 


Love my job so much....           sent gays to fix overpopulation and boy did that go well  


 Yes, you missed like the total awesomeness of the outfit, duh   


   Which of the  of the past? The Invincible? 


I'm gonna have to put  at the end of nost of my conversations; it seems no one ever gets when I'm being sarcastic


   No.  Buy your rider gear from Giant Tiger so a guy in ottawa can benefit. 


Well that 2 hour nap should keep me up til 6am.  


 Ahhhh.. I can talk to anyone the way I want too. I belong in the trash? Very original. 


  Ed, you grew up in Oxford - so u would risk journalistic integrity to harbor a grudge toward MSU.  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not." 


Haha really thats hilarious oh really just killing me honestly just stop... 


 CC, Kuroda, Pineda: combined 72-4, 2.44 ERA. Book it.   


"So how's ____" me: "does coke and is with a twelve year old now"  


Thank you Chardon for having your street plowed at 530 in the morning. 


The predictable love of Ovi has suddenly consumed my timeline 


Today's just going great. How could it possibly get any better. 


 He should instill confidence in all.       


lmfaoo i just love it when people call me a dumb blonde! 


  coz sunil shetty and akshay kumar gets meaningful roles now like enemmy and boss respectively 


 oh joy another boring race with vettel domination...Keep it up! 


so original, tony dungy, with the snowballs comment...because no other fanbases ever throw snowballs     


That seems like an emergency to me!  RT  "Hello, police?  Come help.  (cont)  tired. 13 hour day... time to hit the hay to do it all over again.    


 I didn't say you were participating. Just said it looked like you were having fun. 


Wow everyones in such a great mood to start the new year 


 then you obviously didn't watch mrs browns boys Christmas special ? 


 haha u r welcome.... Please do go on and praise urself 


So glad I'm not driving anywhere in San Diego tonight... 


Awesome, I love blizzards in Plymouth    


You jangan sedih sedih ya  I will be by your side. Hiks ;) I tengah kumpul duit ni nak propose you hahahaha. 


Why on earth was fuchsia not a color option when I bought my new car? I'm so jealous...    love that my phone can receive messages, can make and receive calls but can't send a freakin' text message.  


  hidup Melayu! Hidup Khir Toyo! Hidup Saiful Bukhari!  


 Allkpop is a trustworthy site that spreads accurate news. 

  is nothing but complete bullshit

THANK YOU VERY MUCH!


  I'm ready to fight from reading everything already


I'm over here playing Mario all by myself.  


  better question: Are there even markets? 


Back in Langley tomorrow just to visit for the day  yay 


My resolutions have gone so well for me this far that I think I'm gonna make one stay single and see how that works out. 


 ehh tak boleh bagi orang Malaysia nengok nanti terpesong aqidah. kaedahnya. 


I just love getting to school before the sun rises, and getting home from school after the sun sets.   


 thanks for screwing people over who ordered CoD Ghosts! Thanks for the handout of $25 credit...so useful! 


"Pirotess" comes up a search criteria about 3x as often as "Deedlit". Which isn't creepy at all.  


Holiday season sucks. Can't wait for Black Friday. It'll be grand.  


BREAKING:  Paul McCartney victim of human spontaneous combustion at age 71.
 
 declare, robbing Swann of his chance at a deserved 5 for...  


Now that all our Christmas festivities are done I guess its time for me to get sick. Yay!   


 damn dude this bag is f'n hot.. and you know much I looooove spicy food 


Getting a level 1 Larvesta up to level 59 to become Volcarona has been so much FUN  


lol. people have so many typos in their tweets - appearently most people I follow are just a little drunk. 


 hmm I was under the impression that was its  all along? 


SHOCKING! Bosses may use social-media data they find on job applicants to discriminate, study says  


  I hate it when ducks get in the way of some good ol' hate speech.  


  what? Someone lying on TV about the heinous actions of the us govt? That never happens 


Such a wonderful time of year! Isn't this beautiful weather...  looks like snow doesnt it? Its  just awesome when yours car won't start in the winter.  


  can't wait it have that football powerhouse join the  


Hey   et al. why don't you open tomorrow? You already open on Thanksgiving get those late, late, late shoppers ! 


May work na bukas sobrang excited na kong pumasok!!! 


  Cos capslock sin  what part of it is a joke 


I sure am excited to see my science test score when I get it back  


We're stuck with journalists like barkha, rajdeep, Nram, and tejpal  


It's nice to know that my friends are supportive when I reach new levels in life. *cough*  


ive seen  of myself n im pretty sure ima squinter ya kno like  


I feel awesome when the airport security guard immediately assumes I belong in the regular line.   


 mission (bringing  to its knees such that  can buy it for dirt chip) is finally over, he can now retire. 


 but obviously the WRUin haven't got a plan b at the moment... We'll have to see what comes out of their meeting 


Who likes watching sunsets like this anyway?       Yeah, Stockbridge has kept a tight grip on salaries/bonues in the past (his own for example)  


watching the replay of the Orpik hit on Eriksson, with the Boston commentators, clearly no bias at all   


Super cool sarcasm &gt; /dev/null (as a service)      


Thanks to the moron who turned the heat off at work before they left last night!!!  (That's  looking forward to going over west ham tomorrow. Can't wait to see our attacking, free flowing, passing football  


Thats okay. Read it and don't reply. I'm fine with that! 


   then would love to meet him!  is  :)


I'm so excited that I have 2 finals on the first day of exams, in the first 2 time slots..  


 yes, and its just as annoying as all those god awful Rigondeaux-Arreola comparisons.  They gotta give that a rest. 


I actually love it when my phone dies when I'm texting someone  


 so do I. Sad that is now news! ;)  is hard to tweet!


Spending my Friday at my grandma's. Oh man, things getting crazy. 


Nothing feels more safe than hearing random, unsettling sounds from all around my house at 3am  


I'm so NOT tired of hearing the term  every five min on    


It's SO awesome when your Professor sends out the requirements for your paper the day before it is due.  


 I thought he became the face OUT OF curiosity, as in  was curious how quickly McCain would kill off the GOP... 


 I'm weirdly feeling cereal today for a meal.  hahaha.  for breakfast.  


Why is hoke clapping? That was a great drive!  


Well that drive back to fisher in the snow just to get my alternative pin to switch lab sections was quite fun  


 Bro U know i was fuckin around w/ The Beast  lol 


There's always one... Girl in the front row is steaming! Nice thong on show..   


Yay for most likely having a stress related ulcer! WEOOO! 


Survived another day, despite the  wanting me. I guess I'm lucky, eh?! 
 


Christmas time is always such a pleasant time in the kibler household!    


 give Chicago Bears a bit of slack their coach was coaching Canadian football last year so he hasn't adjusted yet. 


I feel like bursting into tears too  


 literally pays off......my tuition, woohoo.  hahah


Pumped to work this Black Friday shift at the mall...  


 yeah cuz they both did so good this year 


 that's a great way to run in the new year...by cleaning 


Made up my mind that I want 5 guys for dinner...so glad all my friends live around me so they can go with me. 


Oh well good morning sunshine. Thank you for blinding my eyes as I wake up. You're so adorable when you do that! -.-   


Oh I totally missed that. Jesus is on UNLIKELY adventure that puts Him on quest 2 save da world. Wow thanks!   it great that the president is visiting LA to ask people for money causing my commute to take WAY longer than it should? 


Going to work in a suit on a Sunday does not feel weird at all  . Wish I could go back to being off on Sunday


Did everything in my power to mentally make this a healthy week. Then work came in and killed all hopes of exercise.  


I look so hot today      


 who wouldn't want this as their mascot for 4 years?!   so glad Jeremy Hill for LSU is having a big game. Such a class act.  if you don't know - google Jeremy Hill bar fight.


1 hr of lecture on food safety   


 Sitting by the fire by myself. Apartment to myself. Great Saturday night.   bitch we was just at BWW


Considering creating a Gmail filter that routes emails with more than one exclamation point in the subject to spam .  


 oh, I guess I should've been more clear with my answer and added    ;p
PS we should get dinner soon please!


Isla Mujeres, The most horrible place in the world  according to Sarah    thanks for waking me up then being an asshole to me first thing in the morning 


Stars when you shine you know how I feel..scent of the pine you know how I feel..yeah freedom is mine and u know how I feel..  


   no theyd just say it for a laugh 


OH OK.  RT Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner spotted at gay club night in New York: 'He was holding Kendall's hand'...


 lol I don't even know. Maybe they need the "Arsenal" to get them to 4th place? 


 Getting tired of your bullshit.......  


Well at least their kicker is consistent....


testers use humour as their skills now how do I get even better at that?  


That's all!!!! Lls  But my brain is on overload....   lol   you want somebody who objectifies you...?  


Always wondered what it's like living on a frozen planet. Heat is broken in apartment 


  doesn't need to, they make millions upon millions that way, why hire more people!! 


Orange Bowl and Cotton Bowl both down to the wire. Amazing games. Thanks whoever scheduled these games at the same time...  


 Sounds legit, can't see any probs with that! 


Okay so come into work at half 7 and not meant to start til 12! Some laugh man! 


Thanks to Obama, we have to say "Happy Holidays" 
That's not right.  


well that really really made my day...  


 Cute, man. Very cute.    


Big congrats 2 former player  on the bowl win. Looks like he needs to hit the weights though   the fact my teachers have replied to my emails though   


 good thing she prayed not to suck before she went on - god must have been listening 


 AJ McCarron is real good.  but the question is, is he good enough tonight ???


Delmas &amp; Quin weren't the defenders so it's all cool    RT  no pass interference? really?


Brock's just too cool to cancel school when it's -40 out. 


Love being invited and included in things   


Starting the year off right, w  .   
Can't deny the deliciousness tho!!


 it takes a "real" man to bully a women  


Got to love back to school traffic on a wet and windy Monday 


Maybe I should just create an account on " yep.. Sounds like a plan. 


 of course not, we need to keep their shareholders in luxury houses and fast cars I suppose. 


Joy runs thru my veins every time my phone lights up with Google's number on it 


 no I just played paintball for 26 hours straight. I'm not hurting at all 


TY Evansville area broadcast companies for the great coverage of ihsaa state finals in football.   via 


Can't wait to close tonight , so pumped!!  


Shout out to the New York giants on a great season!  


What a great way to start the game   


 Thanks Everybody For Makin Me Look Suspect   told yu yo true colors been showing lately 


 I never put smileys or  - it's a good idiot/taste filter.


The following tweets are 4 reasons you should NOT attend the  conference...    like united will come to the Lane with a lack of confidence 


Pulling this cart around a hospital is so fun!! 


  Well duh Everyone knows ur the reason I can't follow instructions. Ur probly to blame fo this evrywhere 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


I love the fact that I have an outfit for New Years yet no plans!   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


ARGH!! 6-10 inches of snow!! Temperature will be ZERO!!! Zip, zilch...just like the Spanish lit test I failed in high school. Woot! 


Shoutout to my dad for saying Andy Biersack looks gay. Wow dad. You're SO cool.  And you wonder why I don't share anything with you.


So nice to have math as the first lesson of the day 


Great to hear from Francesa and his wisdom today. 


 OMG you have a piercing that's so wrong it makes our school look rough and its gonna break into anarchy.. 


Shouldn't Matt Flynn be warming up right now?   


Hey! If any of my FB friends could suggest some articles to read that'd be great! I just don't have enough reading from classes. 


Plus cleaning off an older SUV when ur so short is always a blast to do a lot. 


 Yes, because all women would happily raise a child even if it was conceived through rape. 


Oh my godd , CAEE !!! =)) .. No SPCA !! I'm fine pplz ! &amp;  love yeah too 


Nada como cortarse haciendo tarea(:    


 and I both won a cruise on the same day!! What are the chances??  


 and  wooooo, the best day of the year...  


Tomo Ohka will guide us to that elusive AL east!   
 


Do you think our school supports football? Or? 


Well the girls went sledding today, which means I have to go shovel the driveway.  Woohoo 


 yep and with an always consistent disciple process we should all feel comfortable with a fair outcome. 


Its always great to know you wasted your time, just fucking fantastic!! 



Currently feeling awake, pretty and ready for the rest of the day 


No that's ok, go ahead and take credit for something I wrote no biggie. 


I've been eating smoked ham for lunch, snack and dinner since Dec 23... Thanks   


It's always gloomy or rainy on my birthday! I love it  It's like the world knows it can't be hotter than me for the whole day! 


Thank God I studied for that 6 question racquetball final. 


 Bama has 4 turnovers but Yeldon rushes for 160 yards as the Tide defeat Mississippi State 20-7 Playn like champs 


time to knock this paper out the night before its due only about 6 pages to go!!!  


Thank you, random driver, without your shouting as you drove by, I would have completely forgotten how fat I was. 


Ion know why people don't understand me.. Must be cause I'm not from the planet earth.    


So tmr im sleeping outside with my outdoor pursuits class.... yay  


  if its milan mandaric ye in trouble .ye after buy ye own bikes the mans skint 


No D don't worry about that pesky Murray. I am sure eventually he'll just fall down and stop himself  


Didn't sleep at all last night. Good thing I don't have anything to do today... 


Indian judiciary must pat their backs for giving a decision in 29 years, ruining a common man's life for fault accuse of just Rs 57



Don't forget to post your Christmas presents on Instagram and Twitter!!! 


Lost count of all these pals I can rely on 


 Chinese democracy is the greatest rock album ever made 


So it's okay to get angry at me when I'm not the one who did something to you? All right you make sense. 


Oh I am so acing the exam tomorrow. Writing notes in a whole new language.    you know who I miss? Will Ferrell. Wonder what he's been up to? 


Today's agenda:  (Oh joy...  1st fitting for my  &amp; an afternoon full of paperwork.  


 yeah man I have 1 million but no pic to prove it so I win ;) 


 Well, what can you expect from a Weasel? :o) 


Thanks for posting a picture of yourself everyday on Facebook, I forgot what you looked like. 


That's okay. I nevee like to be on time anyway.  


uh oh,  is trending, I hope nobody starts marching on the north pole 


10lakh ka lalach no one got bothered even  though ajaz would have taken 25 as he said  


Good thing I'm not tech challenged so I won't bomb the final presentation.  


Wow! I just won the Netherlands lottery! All I have to do is send them 10% for taxes and it's all mine! So long suckers! 


I can already see how this year is going to be... great! 


 AUB in nat'l championship, and 1st person I thought of, was you. I'm sure you're thrilled. 


3 touchdowns in 4 minutes? Sure, that's possible.  


A must watch. Is Mancity going to defend against Barcelona or vice versa!!
English Fast Legs vs Spanish Giants..



So over the past week I have gone from little bit of a cold to hardly being able to move due to lack of energy  


" HEY  my GS3 runs like crap now, thanks for the update!     AGREED!!!!


Be careful posting that your children are watching cartoons this morning, you may get attacked for being a bad mom  


   oh ouch man that one hurt.    


This is going to be the best New Years ever. 


Don't you just love when a 6'10, 300 pound guy lands on your ankle? 


I can't sleep. :( The wind and the rain on my window, it's SO LOUD!  


 Vikings rule out Joe Webb because of a concussion. Thank god ponder is ok  


Can already tell that today's gonna be great  


Uh Oh Sun Devils --Todd Graham didn't deny he is going to Texas if they win.  


 Merry Christmas to you! Just what you always wanted. 


 You are welcome I don't even know if I saw it somewhere or just used it but either way it is so much more descriptive 


Happy Articles of Confederation Day!  Hooray for weak government that can't do anything!    yea he totally shoulda had that goal that was "directed" in by janssen 


"Its not my fault..." - words you should get used to hearing from Chris Pyne.  It never is Chris, it never is.  


Baru tahu ramainya ustaz/ah  . Baguslah. Tapi lebih afdal kalau akaun insta anda tidak di'private'kan. 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


  Yeah, stick it to the man!   


tonight, we will be watching a youtube video in class. what a life changing experience this will be! 


Such relief many success so blessed :)))))))  


Haha  RT  surprise, bitch. we bet you thought you'd seen the last of us.  love it when my computer locks me out when I actually need to do homework.  


Because everyone wants a piece of mail like this.     Yeah, 60 Minutes AND Exxon. I am sure to pop right on over. 


Sometimes my  is scary good. Rachael Ettinger, MATT RE-AL     love it when people i barely know wanna demand an invitation to my wedding.( B**ch, I dont even know you! 


 Nice to see teenagers are still freezing their buns off for the sake of coolness &amp; popularity.  true!


Dont get mad at my tweets, get mad at yourself for being sucha sensitive little faggot.     


Cleaning a giant encrusted parrot cage is a great way to spend a day off!  :D  


3 hours of non-stop F.R.I.E.N.D.S :P 
"It just got interesting!" --me Every time I start to watch an episode ;)
  


Oh cool. Work till 9. That's really what i want to do rn. 


 makes sense kuli doesn't score very much anymore. 


Thanksgiving dinner with the family...  


The '13 Zimmerman  has been released! haha.       eek! Good luck with that. Nothing like moving at Christmas!!  :-)


I didn't even wanna go to that school   


 
Your grasp of correct grammar is commendable!





 so ur basically saying you fuck chocolate. Good to know laci 


 you mean you don't keep it up all year? I thought that was normal.... 


300 words down, 3700 to go... I have it under control, it'll be fiiiiine....   


 Yes. Fakes, scams, etc. galore. Have to tell which ads are legit and which aren't. So fun!  


 I love to see people bitch about Mother Nature when it inconveniences them, yet fail to praise her when they dwell in all her glory


 omg! We can't Dvr it we must watch it live. Lol jk 


Can I please see the Fireworks to the soundtrack "Fireworks" by Katy Perry from 2010. That hasn't been done before. 


I can already tell today will be a fun day! 


 WOW What an answer. Will i be able to use the  converter that i have or will i need to wait for a 1st party converter?


Keep on truckin'. It's blue skies once you get here. RT  Beautiful day for a drive to Chicago.             stomach hurts, this weather is garbage..oh and I just found out I'm supposed to be getting paid time and a half.. 


If the Falcons asked for that stadium right now with their current record Im certain it wldve been approved. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I fell.... My leggings are ripped.. This Monday is off to such a great start.. 


Gotta love a team like Grinnell completely bastardizing the game of basketball.  


I really hoping sometime today that the  announce the signing of Willy Taveras to bat lead off and play CF..  


 I painted one hand and now I'm too lazy to paint the other hand...  why would u paint ur hand loser!?  


Destiny favors those who don't believe in it.

 


Break is going to be so relaxing and enjoyable with this hanging over my head... 


Boy this  game sure is edge of your seat.  


Confirmed: David Haye Retires ..... Oh what a shame      exactly him and mact r dealing with tambi and lowes problems 


  of course we support Cartier &amp; Rolex because they've done so much for us....


How nice of my roommates to forget me in the shower when the fire alarm goes off 


Im opening a recruitment agency...please send in more cvs...  -_-


Looking forward to seeing everyone in town  later today!  


Endoscopy time. Nothing like a getting a camera down your throat to start off your Tuesday! 


My dog just spilt my milkshake all over my bed. Literally all over. Thank you for a perfect end to this great day 


 We're not all American! I'm celebrating Hanukah you insensitive bastard! 


Took CDU/CSU/SPD 2.5 months to agree. Paints a bright future for the  in a fast paced world. 


.  The Harrisons playing selfish?  Chemistry trouble on this team?  No one saw that coming. 


No,I'm not reblogging  stuff right now again today  


It's awesome how loud the Buckley study lounge is. 


Our poor planet  in  Smfh  China     facebook is so much better rn ! no crying emos there lmao      


Well skating at an outdoor rink while it was 0-3 degrees was fun... 


Ff dis crazy nicca   


If the news there contains humiliation in one kind or another, news here must encompass it as well.  


 - Thank goodness for fat people. Who would we make fun of without them. 


 but at least you got the latest game deck...  


Gotta love public transportation (MRT/LRT)  One moment your stranger with one person, and the next, your cheek-to-cheek with them.


  So Toronto Raptors my team beat New York Knicks Number 1 in the Alantic Knicks are amazing. 


Rodgers: "Howard Webb was brilliant today."  


  I feel certain that was   I agree.


Its ok Patriots, its only the biggest game of the season. You can play like crap if u want to. 


Left for work at 8:30am. Just got home at 8:45pm. Oh how I love Wednesdays 


 oh connor dont be shyy,of course i like you,when will you ask me out???   


Yay! Im 2.4 degrees above being hypothermic! Yay! 


 Wait, Cowherd said something that is factually wrong!? That never happens...


I love going to school with a bunch of fucking cunt. 


  Oh!! women displaying their legs! the only real Sign of  &amp;  


I love it when people say they're being sarcastic when they're being sarcastic! 


 ...no we discussed it when I saw you today..  


 Northern Illinois Vs UCF should be a fun BCS game 


  OMG!! I really needed to know that!! 


SO excited to go practice right noe in the cold and snow. Should be so much fun! 


I love playing "not so secret santa" its really fun when everyone knows who has them 


Errr. Well done Holden. Australia is really happy that we will still be able to import your cars   you are feeling like you are the shit ,  just remember you are just another human waiting for your turn to die  


 in a car, with about 3 complete strangers, what a great way to make friends eh? 


Pls, stand in front of the sweet tea and play with your phone. We will work around you  


People honestly blow my mind with how they use their time so wisely.  Seriously come on, get a life!!


Can't do a  but perform a great  close enough?  


Weekends over already... well isnt that just great 


. and Islam isn't. They don't have a political system called Sharia mixed in their religion, No 


  No.We should let them freeze or die now so we don't have to worry about their future. 


 
Because beating the shit out of people is frowned upon.


It's almost 2am and I can't sleep. Gotta get up at 6 to shower and head off to Wisconsin. I can't wait.. 


Yeah, this won't end badly: Bitcoin Tops $1000
 
 to death of everyone and everything to do with our wedding. So glad it has been made a happy time by friends and family! 


    Not to mention our beloved leader 


Chicks tweeting about finding "Victoria's secret", it's simple, purge the coffee between newport menthols and coke bumps 


Fun fact: the  PPV is on tonight.  What?  You forgot? Wonder how with such a stellar card.  


 Well done FIFA   it's like a fuckin circus init!  


Oh if only englands cricketers was as brave as piers morgan. 


Sochi hasn't even started yet, and already the media says we are a fail. Awesome. 


this day just keeps getting better and better 


Winning by 4 and 6 points against 2 of the worst teams in the NFl is a lot to be proud of... Munch should keep his job for sure 


Stingy people be like "I don't like giving people money so they won't use it for rituals " 


Wow the Giants lost to a team with a healthy starting QB Shocker....


I remember when I was cute like you.   


Not like I had 4 yrs worth of stuff on it or anything   


 you should start a rapping career, you could go far!  


I'm sure that has NOTHING to do with Youtube or how it comes preinstalled on all Android phones!  


My grandma is not hard of hearing. That's why she has her chair like a foot or 2 from us. 


 Next thing you're going to tell us that there are actual toilet seats that people can put down...  


S/O to  for my hawt Instagram picture  my true colors are showing  thanks darlin... Much appreciated 


Just kidding. I want another cute little Saturn car. 


Just got a Christmas present from papa johns.  


So now that the  won again and  lost, does Baylor still pass the Buckeyes in the BCS? 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


And now....a lovely drive to Houston. For a wedding. The week keeps getting better. 


There IS  for those of us who can't dance - choose    button was firmly mashed on this one... RT  Patriots never get calls.


 for real bro. I am a country boy though.  


Heading for  for a couple of days. Driving across country. Fun fun 


I need a boyfriend.. I sit at home watching romantic movies stuffing my face all day. .-.  


" I did not know Rudolf was Donner's son :0"LOL! Pay attention!  :)


 good to know you guys listen to customer opinions 


Oh, blanca Navidad. Oh, blanca nieve.         the joys of going to work!!       couple    slimbarbiie      to my programming teacher for giving us a professional program for our midterm over break.... No really dude, you rock  


YES now we can go 3 and out from the 40!!!  


Preach.  You don't know better?  is always faster :)  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase 


So glad I have twitter to keep me updated about what holidaybis coming up soon or else I'd forget. 


I can feel the muscles in my butt getter stronger.  Man do I love working out!. 


Wow Michigan. A+ work on that piece of legislature. Way to make the women of this state proud.   


Todays gonna be fun! Just know I'm gonna be depressed then staying behind after school yay  then  and  thank god :D


this new year has started off great so far.. 


I love getting thank you's from someone when I go out of my way for them 


So my brother got a twitter... and he's barely 10. Yup, that's not weird.. not at all.? 


love it when a commercial script swaps back and forth from first to third person. 


Kreis out at  No one saw that coming.  
 to the newest Mayday Parade album because I'm a real punk rock kid.  


I need to finish proof reading these songs. There's only art to be created! 


 yeah, he's done sooo much more than Eddie Lacy.... 


.  because that didn't just spam the hell out of my feed at all.   


 then its just something you have to deal with. Its life. Yay! 


Pretty pissed that the mall is closed at 6. Super glad I waited around all day! 


Glad I went out and spent all my money on bread and milk.  Didn't think I'd get out of the house again with all this snow! 


After I said something semi-inappropriate, coworker turns to me: "Sometimes I look at you and think: Damn, I'm glad you're mine." 


 u must be kidding? Playing Fantasy! That's Awesome!  


Dropping outta high school for a real job. Gonna make bank....  Of course he was. The NEN operator knew he had no right to do so.    


 Say it with me...I love Xmas shopping   Don't forget the crowds to make it the complete experience 


LAST couple of RTs: proof that  GEJ supporter(s). Emphasis on plurality 


I'm super excited to go to school tomorrow &amp; be behind in every class. 


GTK that  sticks to good ol Roman Catholic bigotry &amp; fired a gay teacher after getting legally married in NJ 


Had an email from DPD, ill be going next gen on Monday! Glad I ordered from Game, top service 


 And that is why you can't blame Ty. Players are just playing one-on-one and failing.  


 But she is the injured party here. Remember that. Everyone was mean &amp; negative to her.  
No respect for her at all.


Love watching  talk trash.      


 oh end of the road, that's not going to make me cry then?!  :'(


My friends are so supportive I love you all    


Just what I wanted... To come home to a crabby family. This is gonna be such a great night.  


it's such a shame that chelf isn't a running quarterback!    


  ...Another simply stellar move by Amaro, if report is accurate.



It's cool that we've haven't talked in 2 days....I mean it's not like we're talking or anything.  


Oh my God ~~~ nate flirts with so many girls on twitter ~~~ 


Flexible dieting gives you macronutrients but according to my Facebook those foods contain zero micronutrients 


I don't know how this year could start off any better...  


infinity sign tattoos are so unique!! no one has them... 


After a quick guess it looks like the pre-sale code for Arcade Fires new tour is Reflektors.  Whoda thunk that. 


I wish my boss was a little less sympathetic... 


Good job there by fifa putting US in best group possible to advance 


I can imagine all the best players in the world wanting to join Moyes Utd even tho were not in champs league 


 ahhh geeezzz I didn't need tooooo knooowww tthhhaaattt gggrrooosss. 


Going through policy documents in an attempt to highlight weaknesses at this hour is so fun 


Haven't slept, feeling awful, and I have an exam then work tonight. It's going to be a good day. 


Great job  first the Gruden fiasco then this... 


Can't even describe how much I love being sick  


Very uplifting to see Calomel on firefox rates our university's my.anglia page as not very secure 


Now there's a Zayn "nude" about to spread...yippeeeeeeee  


Rebecca Black Is My Hero!!! Her New Song Saturday Is Amazing  


Too bad I have to work tonight. I'm gonna miss out on technesha..      


So sweet of the pros to give follows backs for Christmas! 


 When I was 11 I played Lego  Britain's finest    


Of course I don't mind traveling for 4 weeks in a row. Why would I mind? I don't mind. Not at all. 


 *cries* how could u hate Kayla? She's such a fair &amp; sympathetic &amp; understanding character we all root for! 


Thank you to  for putting their ticket prices up whilst maintaining a poor service. 


Me sleeping, mum vacuuming.. Yes because that always helps me sleep. 


5:30 am and I'm finally done studying for my final tomorrow. I sure do love finals week 


 Yea cause the state of Florida is the place to go to escape Substance abuse.  


 Whats up with CompassMedia not choosing the epic game that was 3-6 &amp; 3-9 CMU vs. WMU?   


"  are just simply amazing as a friend." Yeah cause I have solo many 


  Pau for Bynum, who says no?  


Appointment at 1.30 pm today. I do like an appointment in the middle of the day. It's neither here, nor is it there. 




It's that time again, where red is a prominent colour. No not Xmas, my period has arrived. Hooray. 


The process of physically getting ready for work is a thrilling thought . . . 


Starting work at 4am tmw is gonna be so much fun!  


Write my two papers due tomorrow or cuddle w my puppies and watch Sweet Home Alabama? Tough choice.  


Omg I'm sooo gutted about Walcott, like I'm actually gonna cry that he'll be missing the World Cup cos he hurt his precious knee  


 Too bad all of the people who understand how to rule a country is too busy driving a cab or cutting people's hair.. 


Really sad that an officials call may cause Seattle to lose a game.   


Paddy Lowe, Toto Wolff, Niki Lauda. What a wonderful team management, I am just amazed and impressed.   


Where do I sign up to become a professional gift wrapper??  


 What team does he play for? Moncton oh ok throw the book at him as long as its not the Remparts!  


 That's awesome :D You don't need to go to school man.. just keep editing montages!!  but seriously thanks &lt;3


PLC christmas party and Taylor is a sweetheart this morning.. should be memorable  


Soooo happy fwcs didn't give us a two hour delay... Accidents everywhere! Woooo!  


I wish someone would post a picture of tonight's sunset in Edinburgh.  


Today is swell considering I almost just passed out from being so lightheaded.   


Of course im out of Lorazepam. Why in the world would I have antianxiety meds when I actually need them?  


Yay for all this homework I have!
I am so lucky to get to be doing this instead of sleeping!    


Lmao,    Obama's signature... The proof is right there.     might be a little bit above your level of intellect Sweetie 


Congratulations, If you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode  really... 


There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah. Sapa tak ReTweet maknanya dia tak syg Allah. Puiiihhhhh! 


Oh, good, call Chelsea Manning "he or she." That will keep me from disliking you. 


Lmao          to my math teacher for making me have class today. You're fucking awesome. Fuck sleep right?  


"  must pay $290m to  for copying iPhone &amp; iPad features, Silicon Valley jury rules" I'm sure it's legit. 


Wow 76ers, it's definitely not rubbing it in when you dunk on a team your beating with almost 1 second left. 


Please design your websites in  it makes our lives much easier. 


I'm almost sure I wont have either splits when I go back... or even a cartwheel.. 


  Such a lively Friday night boys... We are crazyyyy 


Getting pumped for a fun evening with the guys... As long as I can get out of work on time. Gotta love the late-comers...  


The powerhouse Georgia Southern showed up today.    


There are so many fun things to do in Havertown that I choose to do nothing just because I can't pick between activities !!!! 


Bernier flubs a shoot in &amp; John Scott puts it in the open net. 2-0  Great start by Toronto.   


" is too short not to have an  everyday" -     


  okay well now that I know my "history" the joke totally makes sense!! 


I see the Pistons came to play tonight in Orlando 


Dayyyum there are so many bitter Bama fans today... You would've thought they lost 


"BIG GAME" tonight on  the 2-10
HOUSTON TEXANS vs the 3-9 JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS 


 that makes sense. The founders of snapchat need to spend that $3 bn on something. 


Fell out of my lofted bed, no bueno. Great way to start my day! 


Perfection and mirage, both are false, both are your fancies, both mess up with you, both call, both take you nowhere, both kill.




Singing Respect with mom in the car.  


Why must I be tired?...I mean I got 6 or 7 hours of sleep so...I just dont understand:P 


good job, Samantha. that's just greatttt.  


Oh it snowed today/is snowing? Wow I didn't know! Thanks for all the updates! 


The cast of Duck Dynasty is going on FOX News to discuss the Phil controversy? Shocked! Shocked, I tell you! 


Looks like this is going to be a great end of the semester  


 Next thing you know OSU fans will blame the earthquake for disrupting their momentum.   


  thankful that my siblings like to keep me abreast on who and what is going on.   


 Thank you for ruining the best show to ever happen to your network.  


Speaking of the  and   I once had a secret meeting with John Lennon, and talked about peace.  but, I wish.


Hate the teachers, apart from that college is the one, breaks are short, btechs a struggle and the food is the one! 


I love when people say that they have a twitter account, but they never use it or have forgotten the password 


bitch fit* " Brady throwing a temper tantrum. NO WAY! *rolls eyes* 


My mom makes me feel so good about myself.  I'm sorry your day sucked but it wasn't my fault. 4 weeks.... Just 4 weeks.


  Spice. Thanks for softening up the Eagles tonight. They should come to Dallas now with NO confidence. 


 well we all know how good my dating scene has gone! 


Only had 2 hours of sleep. Today is going to be fun 


Oh what a delightful Monday it has been so far :)   


You know your smart when you get 20% on your last cal test before the final.  


   is that the 'sexual healing' Marvin Gaye was singing about? 


FSU really needs to get their shit together. 


Team B ka song was a bigger torture than the team A, kamya dair uthi thi but chalo aesh karo  


LEave it to a lefty to "fix" the problem of horses being abused by killing them. Good job,  


"Man, that was a helluva game," said no one ever.  


So Van Gaal in the summer , what if we win the FA cup , Europa League and get 4th in the League ? Bet Levy didn't think of that !! 


I love it when busses are a half hour late causing you to miss your transfer and have to spend 6 hours at a sketchy bus station. 


Why don't we just move Black Friday to thanksgiving?! Yeah, it's not thaaat important anyway!  


Normal people laugh... How i laugh         love when it's so cold at night that you see you're breath and you're nose is running    


I'm so glad I get to enjoy my birthday and not study for finals  


I might take a break from the nba, CP3 is out.. The heck is happening?  


because we didn't have anything else to do today but wait for a package,   10:30-2 est. delivery my butt. 


 oh, before the Jews!! So I guess they also have the right to the land!! 


The joys of doing presentations!    But Sue, it could've happened to anyone, its just a series of coincidences we're connecting to make him look guilty  


Come on Packers D, I'm counting on you to blow this game 


Having fun at Bible study tonight making fun of   ... Meet Frank from S. Philly, a taxi  statement.  RT  Now that Georgia southern beat Florida in (cont)  like a tough "get"  RT  'Duck Dynasty' clan members to appear on Fox News special to discuss Phil Robertson suspension:


 Ignore the gentlemen... adore the jerk... yah, that makes perfect sense. 


It's so nice when you think you're saying something meaningful to someone and they don't take it as seriously as you hoped.  


Dentist appointment today! The dentist is so much fun! Especially when he scrapes my gums until they bleed!   


Getting a cold the day before starting a double shift is just what I needed 


Love it when group members finally decide to participate the night before the exam  


Thank goodness for all these Instagram pictures of snow.. I wouldn't of even known it was snowing outside.  


 No I don't think he should be he has shown great improvement in back to back 4-12 seasons. 


Instead of  asking me if I was okay or why I didn't go to school all she said was "I hate you." She cares a lot. 


 yea it was a new packet, different stuff. 


Man those DRS passes are so exciting.  


Criminal Minds is such a good show; all of the (main) characters are believable. 


 it means adding homonyms together, right? 


When it just can't get better there must be something annoying about it ..  


7-0 Chargers. Oh fuck this! This game is over! SHIT! 


 Why would you harvest something that is free renewable and does not harm our environment?  


 Kuzmic has a broken hand, damn. There goes my prediction that he'll go for 20/10 tonight =P 


Really looking forward to what Graham Souness has to say after the match 


I love being early for work and no one being here to open the door yet.   


 but it's people who drive slow that cause all the accidents!!! 


So glad both of my teams are gonna lose this weekend you guys 


 if that's the case then hurray for another losing season 


  WOW, well that NUMBER is a SMIDGE different from 5 million. If I do say so myself... jus a SMIDGE 


 I bet if it doesn't expire it will stop terrorists from owning them!  


Dear Sultan: Time to import some loyal police officers from Islamic Mars and Jupiter, because there are none left on earth.  


Blown away by the west poms squad right now.... Too good  


When your bus is 25 minutes late &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; is there any better way to start out a Monday? 


 omg reflections for peer tutor I'm so sorry 

Atleast you didn't have to make tests, lectures etc.


Yup Rebel fans were right greatness has returned.... 


we stopped them further away from the goaline on their field goal attempt then when they stopped us, So we are winning..  


 Refactor the entire thing in Unity and export. Boom. Should take an hour or two right? 


 don't be. It's horrible, cold &amp; smokey. ;) 


Atleast Flynn would have overthrown out of the endzone    I could imagine Paul doing a handstand on this. 


Wish there had been more close ups of Jennifer Lawrence's face during catching fire...


So somehow I have become an insomniac. Yay me. 


I like to be friends with people I don't like :)   


Can't wait to see all the Black Friday shoppers at heinens lol jk 


Chris Cook pushing a referee......how unexpected and out of character! 


 Well because today is Wednesday and Neptune is in it's fourth phase. I mean obbbviously 


Soooo uhhh, anybody goin to catching fire tonight?   


TO / ulangan  smua guru rebutan . Mau duluan . Ngejer target masing2 . So jadwal ga ngotak . Skolah itu kepentingan guru/murid ? :) 


"My sarcasm doesn't come naturally" 
That sucks. Mine does 


Woke up with worlds worst chest infection, fucking brilliant, just what I wanted, yolo, life couldn't be better 


It's been a great day &amp; to top it off, a black eye.   love how my cousin shows his mom everything I tweet. 


So your engaged at the age of 16/17 you are deffo going far in life  


New Zealand has a different time zone? who the fuck knew? The Game is actually being played at 9 in the morning? wow mind = blown 


 are wonderful. Best service ever. You know reliable! Roomy. I can see  why its so expensive. The Trains turn up on time!  


 come on , apple invented the dark theme 


The intelligence of rappers today is amazing. 


 How much longer before you guys literally pummel  on the air?! This madness can't be real...Can it?! 


 You know that was total   Got the rags to wrap the last pipe 2morrow.  Drive from Sodo after the game c/b fun.


Adrian Peterson is so overrated. Vikings put up 48 w/o him 


Justus Collins says she's my friend my life is complete 


How do you under throw somebody with a 30 mph tail wind.. 2 great plays in a row.. 



A shoot out?!  How exciting!  We have such a GREAT record for those this year... 


Oh attempting to correct me on every single thing even when I'm right is a great way to help boost my already dwindling confidence! 


New Taco Bell commercial hella racist, How can they show multiple black guys playing b ball &amp; the one white still can't dunk  


Public transport oh how ive missed you  


omg my first selfie of  never too late to join the bandwagon for    to see  getting a high-profile world tour. Hopefully they'll get some much needed media exposure from this 


This jeweler commercial said if she says no to the ring, we give you your money back. That would make me feel so much better 


Can I be QB of the lions? And put coach grant as the head coach  playoff team 


 Please attempt to talk to my guy again. It's my favorite.   OOMF 


Thank goodness he has me to go get his spare. 


Why does Clemson even bother showing up Saturday????? They apparently have no chance whatsoever!!!! 


Toonami shows that hope springs eternal for the anime industry, but here comes the show that's gonna kill it again,  


  Yeah but you've got to read it in the original Arabic to get the actual facts 


'Bama missed a field goal?!?? I'm shocked!  


Excited to be snowed in tomorrow with 4 more college apps hanging over my head  


Watching a movie about soil today for class. Kill me now. Super glad my tuition pays for this amazing experience. 


What are friends for? Telling you that you aren't mad and that you are just seeking attention after they make a suicide joke. 


Well isn't this a happy time in the Carrick household  


 This kind Qusa pha  "   that's called  ev"yeah don't care


Listening to my husband and my mother in law argue via phone makes me SUPER excited to spend Christmas together. 


 you're so rude I was kidding. I love school 


Well that's it. I guess christmas isn't for 18 year olds. Can't wait for christmas 2014!  


Bro, I'm admiring your squat form on the smith machine. 


It makes me so happy to see my dad's mug shot on the front page if the newspaper. 


Street cleaning season in  sucks. Now I can't park anywhere in the vicinity of my own home. Love it.  


 Mariota: 25 TDs, 0 INTs &amp; team has 1 loss (on road to Top 5 BCS team). Easy to see why he's dropped in Heisman race. 


I love it when I'm working on something important and the computer stops working! 


Newly discovered manuscript sets record straight: 2 Peter 1:21: Holy translators were moved by the Holy Ghost to create the KJV. 


Since I can't move, the doctor has now put me on 10mil of prednisone for 10 days instead of weaning me down to 15. Yay...


The referees bail out the Colts AGAIN? What a shock 


I'm glad the saints have 7 hours to rest after that drive now   


I love when my boss tells me last minute I have to work New Years Eve. Best job ever! Definitely not looking for a new one. 


I love how my friends are all legal and then there's me.  


Have a feeling work will be fun today  


 whatever you're drinking I want some of that. 


Yay for Virginia and alcoholism...    home in nigh-zero visibilty? I'd love to!  


Wow these past two weeks have been fucking phenomenal  


 Big news? I wonder what that could be?!     


Someone's trying to make me laugh.     hahaha baboy  Panthers - Canadians leads  on  after the  . . . only in Canada 


Got this through the door today. Just what I need ha!    Romo clapping because the Saints scored?  



Costco with my children is my idea of a good time. 


 Here's how it should've gone: "Sir, you're in my seat". "Oh, sorry, here you go." Way less polite than a twitter rant! 


You know what I wish ESPN would focus on more? This possibly being Manziel's last game. 


My inbox does this really weird thing where there's no messages in it, stupid phone probobly broken 


I love knowing that even if I don't make a party donation, I'm still paying for it through tax credits.   


im having so much fun doing nothing and staring at my wall :-) 


 That wouldnt have happened if we cut down all the guardrails. 


I get to now spend the next two months of my life thinking about the roofing industry now.. how exciting 


 oh no you said the 7 letter word!  


What an amazing start to the new year.
 


Yes please tell me how much fun your having... please... I'm begging you... 


What is the worth of preparing for a class, when you're a lousy teacher anyway?! 


   loads of fun! Beats eating Christmas dinner and watching films 


Ill just make a gingerbread house instead.... so much more fun 


 wow that's awesome maybe Monte Kiffin should get a game ball 


  Unless BBC1 decides to shelve it in order to pay an endless tribute to the great man. 


Missing family movie night. Thanks again college. 


Using my work card for I.D and the post office man says is that you modelling. 'Does the pose'   


 GREAT ANALYSIS "the packers are not the same team without aaron rogers"    I can tell you that for less 


And Denny Hamlin wins to seal the deal on an amazing year.  


Finished work 2 hours early and been sat in front of a laptop ever since... Oh last min assignments... I've missed you   


 nooooo that would never happen on twitter! 


How did I know that would happen? Dang, I'm good. 


Well I mean what a great way to end an awesome day..  


 Thanks for leaving your papers lying around in the living room :) We had a fun time cleaning up. 


So it's now 3 Jan 14 &amp;  still haven't returned a customer's phone that I sent in for repair on 25 Nov 2013.  


 would be so proud of  Angry Farm   latest is I call construction team to speak to manager after promised failed callback. Put through to CS.  


Nothing! I guess he wants me to learn to work with limitations! Praise Jesus!   


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not." - Mam Dator :3 . Haha joke lng :D


 i think ur respect for  must have increased manifold today. :P :D



 as do I. My tweet should have carried a  w/it for added effect. I was the original supporter of  ticket


No one knows how did aamir khan loot Bank in Dhoom 3.



Wow! This doesn't sound familiar at all. Engagement Then and Now  


 i didn't say such a thing. I would never be rude like that! :) 



It's okay car go ahead and be a piece of shit and stop working because I have so much money right now to Fix you 


It's ok. If we attack some more we will win 


Thank you,  phone agent for having access to less information than Google flight tracker. 


I love when's it's almost five and I can't sleep. Now I get to wake up late with no time left to study! Too much on my mind. 


Society needs both optimists and pessimists. For example, optimist invented the airplane while a pessimist invented the parachute. 


 tell them its not gay if their legs don't touch  


What a fun day today        


What's the best thing to receive on the last day of the year? Internet bill. 


No please. Don't bother doing the dishes when you're done eating. I love extra house work to prepare my food.   


2 classes tomorrow...and 2 tests yayyyy... 


For yet another year I've been excluded :/  


Nothin like getting locked out of your truck , on a beautiful warm day like this  


Aww man Game of Arms is starting February to? My hands will be full!  


 What an epic Christmas Day battle.  


Another 2 hour delay?? I wouldn't of guessed. 


 mine doesn't itch.  "Don't hate a bitch cuz you ain't a bitch"  I wonder boo did you win  hmmm.. 


The VS Runway Show is on?! Hmmmm. Would've never known with all the self-depreciating tweets and ridiculous, envious comments ... 


  hardworking good forechecking line  


If you want to have fun right before a holiday, do some audit prep work 


 Yeah, mines pretty much almost all fire at the moment right now. Cliff Badge will be fun tomorrow. 


" I hate those "wyd" every 3 mins conversations..." like yeah I'm totally doing something different..  


My brother walks in smelling so good  


 No way he learned that from his big brother. Noooo... 


Oh yea dad, I'm fine with driving the car tomorrow. Don't mind if I go flying out the door considering it doesn't shut correctly. 


Cant wait for the Christmas selfies that every single girl is going to post tomorrow. 


I'm definitely not feelin' the love here.    am I distracted so easily?!? exam tomorrow and I still have 2 essays left to learn... Yay! 


So excited for everyone's pictures of the - temps the next few days 


 thank you for the unbiased announcing team!  


 lose in spectacular fashion &amp;  will start nearly an hour late because of football games going long. Excellent. 


The cold outside is forcing me to stay inside and watch Greys Anatomy all day and the bachelor premiere tonight..oh darn!  


So glad my water bottle leaked all over my "dry" clothes to wear home from the gym &amp; that my shock absorbers are frozen!  


 it makes my night better too... I mean like lookin at my face is like the greatest thing 


   miss you too &amp; watching u tweet nkotb  lol but missed ya forreal :)


Yeah, you all don't forget to follow the presidents OFA's advice and talk about  with your families this holiday season 


  I'm talking about the woman being the beast/monster, not the lion. 


 I agree with her. I hate when models try to promote or sell me things. Its like its your job or something. 


 oh look, I was right. How shocking.  


Oh that's cool..go ahead and take my pen. I wasn't using it or anything. 


Anddddd Stokley is in the locker room with a knee injury. This is awesome.  


Ummm... I don't think mommy put enough peas in this rice.
(-___-) *eyeroll*    shit you have the most inspirational twitter ever! 


I suppose I need to start using the  hash tag more often.


 that movie is gonna go places girl u just watch 


  and the pro bowl selection process is another goodell success. 


 Lets take down ALL the stoplights, stop signs and speed limit signs as well and have a free for all on the highways 


Can't wait for all the "First day back!"pictures and tweets all over Instagram and Twitter!  


Stalking her made me feel better though. You picked a winner for sure. 


Matt Ryan up next~ I'm gonna ask him all questions about the Braves. 


So, apparently there's a Mr Peabody movie coming out. Yay for original ideas. 


Damn, long time no tweet. I'm certain my 140 character snippets have been greatly missed.  


 filter          it's a joke right?  not in the top 10. Instead, there's people like  who has no effin vocal skills?? 


My family is the BEST at planning and communicating. XD   


Begging for a follow when just last week you were dissing the same people...really cool 


  Uhh ohh. Dealing with an intellectual fucker. 




 One thing that I love about Iron Bowl week is how rational people are. Ahahahahaha 


I really like it when people don't answer my emails. 


I get to start driving my car tomorrow and it's like a blizzard outside  


Yay KS, TX, &amp; OK!  MT  US methane emissions nearly five times higher than previous estimates  can't wait for everyone to Instagram photos of how cold your car says it is outside.  


Waiting in line for days to buy legal weed. Seems like a good investment of time. 


 but we can 't get rid of Vilma, he was on the Super Bowl team!!!! 


Had to ball up in December cuz it's always 65 degrees here  


Punk's actually a pretty good singer    


Oh hey bryzgalov got a shut out that's great for my fantasy pool!   


This Is What Happends When You Dont Listen To The Coach.    !  cheers babe, you sleeping this close to my face is wonderful and not to mention comfy.     like that I can see people's lame bio's in my notifications now.  


It's cool I can hardly breathe because of the pain. But if the doctors say I can suffer a month, I probably can.  


 It's just that easy...not.      crap, there going to lose now!  RT  Perkins not playing at LAC and GS.


 another example of the wondrous talents of auto-correct 


So ready for this family gathering just about the time its gonna storm... 


  Reynolds missing something obvious. Never  


 Eh. You see one CSI ep and one NCIS ep and you can make final calls from one pic on tmz. 


I definitely love being blocked on here by someone  :) 


I love when people stop my husband and ask if he's in the military 


    Wait until it goes to the  in  Will it just be a tax?  


Gabrielle Cilmi is not annoying in the slightest 


From AlShaab to AlSeef | Please.. tell me more about your "New Year Resolutions". |    job McCluster! Way to spin out of bounds before the 1st down marker. That field goal clinched it.  


walking away from your kid makes you such a big man! you're gonna get so much respect!   


Best time ever to suffer from insomnia   


oooh, a windchill of fifteen below today...sounds lovely 


Let me tell you, I have the best luck in the world. 


Oh no I don't wanna go to school and get a good education and be successful in life  


  Graham would of made Cleveland a 10-11 win team. 


  You know what? You are right. Porn is way more nobel then FBI whistleblower 


I just love waking up cold! No better feeling in the world  


 NFL REPLAY the  are up 17-16 on the  How will this one end 


   no I don't have any idea of what you could possibly be talking about 


 Well I'm going Christmas shopping at the Eaton Centre tomorrow - I'm sure that will restore my faith in humanity 


Nice to know how much you pay attention to me  


Thanks  I didn't really want to watch the  game anyway. I'm sure NO/CAR will hold my interest. 


 I'm going to try and sleep again I have to be up at 8 I'm baby sitting yay! 


 Such a wonderful role model for the daughters to look up to. 


Bus drivers that give long lectures about waiting for you.    


So Carrie Underwood didn't respond and I believe deleted my question. How the hell will I sleep tonight?   


(Man, there are times where I'd love to post stupid shit on my site for money. Where do I sign up?   


Work was okay today just to let y'all guys know !  


Oh I'm so cool, so I'm going to post a picture of me taking a bath on Instagram 


What does my New Years Eve night consist of? Probably just a one tree hill marathon. It'll be a nice way to ring in the new year...


 Good luck tonight man! Good thing you're not playing against me like open gym, I'd break your ankles! 


There needs to be more Vines about girls with ugly laughs (!)  


Wisconsin sure looks more qualified for an at-large BCS bid than a team that will play for B10 title next week.  


 Oh, yeah. Deep and meaningful. You nailed it on the head with that one.  


What a great fuckin day. Merry Christmas to me. 


 Oh yay  Was it back to school today or has something else triggered it? Or random?


Coding has already friendzoned you, staaahp loving it!
   


New version of Skype released. Atop the release notes "re-designed sign in screen." Glad they have their priorities straight. 


Nothing in life is free.         because religion never killed anyone. 


Just seen the Man City goals,the spurs centre halfs played well 


Finally my book for  has arrived. It wasn't that bad... 20 days from purchase to arrive.  *claps hand slowly*


Cuz I'm sure people that go to football games are worried about what the other team's fans are wearing instead of the game itself. 


AW MAN I GET THE BEST PUGS EVER, a crap thief, necro, a spirit ranger YUP I LOVE PUGGING  


Snowing in Egypt... Yeah climate change is definitely made up and fake   


watching harry potter on christmas eve.. the spirit is alive in my house today 


One of the Forbush swimmers is such a man about things. 
 Cry a little more please?


  Sony would never do that only Micro$cam would be so shady. 


Nothing improves your day like finding out your break line is leaking 


Totally love how everyone from Ravenna that would miss me so much has asked to hangout. 


What a great weekend
Horse riding
Netball
BasketbAll
Yay!!! 


 thanks kiddo  Yea, of course I can't wait to be back in there. 


Some great   EE service in East London today.  


So glad I got to see  this weekend like we planned...   


Bad weather really lightens my mood on christmas. 


Apparently now that my iPhone has an update it won't connect to my data plan. Love it...  


 cookies aka the greatest racket of all time 


hmm... i think i remember this same song order and songs from my first 6th grade dance! sweet! 


Doing chemistry because I just love it so much. So much that I got a job doing it all the time. 


I love that I can be my sarcastic asshole self with my people and they get it.   


Procrastination at it's finest
I love essays &lt;3 


Your  shows how  you are. Go eat a pizza.


Nothing like the lovely opinions your family loves to share with you  


 I heard  have a really good new manager!  


And I certainly didn't ask you to hang out because I wanted to chill or anything  


Oh boy my day is almost halfway over. Yay. I'm so excited. I love my job so much. 


Nothing strange about telling someone Merry Christmas and it's 70 degrees outside... nope, doesn't feel weird at all. 


Thanks everyone for being there when you said you would. 


PA, these streets will make you feel brand new these lights will inspire you. Let's here it for PA, PA, PA..."   


I'm sure the makers of vine are proud.      an appointment at mums Doctors surgery and the doctors called 'Dr White'... Fucking great name! 


 well thanks a lot for the follow    need to change the dates of our seasons or add a season called "wild card" or "anything goes" or "u will b surprised" 


The  is the Texans get to host both the Patriots &amp; Broncos still! Plus another match up between the Colts, Titans &amp; Jags. 


Just hit my pinky tie on my dresser tryna go out my room then I hit my he'd on the doorway   owwwwwwwww


Just when I think you've disappeared you reappear again    


 yeah agree the poor people in Europe just get the crappy Belgian and European stuff! 


 Great organization the Miami Dolphins have become   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 You look so sober in that picture I can't even handle it.  


Looking forward to Thanksgiving   


Ohmegads a review site that is biased in favor of certain things/consoles/games.. WHO KNEW! /end 


I really love waking up to the smell of someone smoking skunk weed 20 feet away from me.  


 to launch a virtual currency? Be ready for a 5% commission and usable on  only. 


" Facebook Isn't Actually A Good Way To Judge Potential Employees, Say Researchers  


  I think we're missing the point. Blake Bell for heisman 


Just dropped my phone and cracked my screen. Life is good.  


Where are  &amp;  ? They are supposed to provide  to   , its only  ,


Lets ALL keep complaining about not having a snow day and how rude sideways aren't clear. It seems to be solving the problems 


Can't wait to spend my next three days sleeping at three different houses 


 4 Awesome choices!  I would roll with Jonathan Stewart this week


  yeah I wonder why I'm not the only one 


thanks for being reliable dad and paying our phone bill...  


I love it when the bus drives by the stop I am at without stopping. Especially when I see plenty of space in the back. 


 HOW did you know I always wanted to be a giraffe?  *mind blown*  


 oh my god look at all the offended Maoris! Oh no....  Hang on....   ;) your body your tattoos your business.


While showing solidarity towards IFS officer working in US many of us undermined or ruled out the corrupt practices done by herself 


Oh yes, exactly what the internet needs, animated fonts    


 Honored you have chosen to follow me Thank you
PS - I didn't realize that Boston allowed Firearms 


I'm getting up early af to go shopping  


i Said " WOOOAWW ' Best Christmas Eve Everrrr ' They Were Likee Truuuee , 


Lol it's like that okay. You really gonna like me now. 


No halftime adjustments Schiano? Hmm. Surprise surprise. 


Yeah, no she's definitely not on drugs. How could I be so ridiculous and think such a thing  


I'm glad you care about what we stand for... 


I'm glad I got the appropriate amount of sleep and am feeling well this lovely  morning of the LSAT 


Work Xmas dinner tonight. I can hardly contain my excitement 


Or just don't text me back. I love that shit. 


 you looked like you were having so much fun today  hahah


Nice thing about  is that you only need &lt;5 mins to enjoy you large drink before it gets cold.   


You know what's the most fun about airports? Security checkpoints. 


 texting me and asking the stupidest question ever! wow i love where our relationship is going  


Hearing that really boosted my confidence. 


By the way dad, great job sticking up for her  


my favorite thing is when people read my message and don't text back. I love it  


McDonald's warns its employees against eating 'unhealthy' fast food 


Can always rely on my boys for back up when its needed   


 so the razzle dazzle is nice. 2 plays. Loss of 30. Lining up and throwing the ball isn't working I guess... 


  otto...they've pulled a couple of right sorts  


Wow they're closing the mall 1-2 hours early ??? Whoa that'll be effective ! Lol 


 I had no idea the Broncos would get a bunch of b.s. flags tonight.


Oh yeah, that is ever so much better...   selfie
Warning: My happiness is contagious 
  the entire day in bed avoiding my family.     to catch up w my good buddy  tonight! .  Tomorrow should be an adventure!  


Day 1 of Christmas break: Stomach bug- 1, Hayley- 0. On the bright side, I have gotten a great ab workout today!  


 Ik I'm such a good person  and thanks for all the support 


Can't wait to see everyone post pictures of what they got 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


The only thing better than a leg workout is the 3 day soreness afterwards. 


Let's all remember John Lennon. The Mandela of Music.   


GUYS GO FOLLOW  IF YOU WANT TO SPONSOR A GIVEWAY HE GIVES YOU AT LEAST 40 FOLLOWERS FOR 30K SO GREAT!!!!!  ...


Spending New Year's Eve day at the doctors. Fuuuuunnnnn. 


One minute silence pls, Tweeps: "Gina  fortune drops by $3 billion"   via  


It's really hard to sleep without the walls pulsing from the neighbors music   


What a game in buffalo today!   


 I'm not. Used up all my sports heartbreak for the year on Los doyers  


  and by that I mean. I mean I'm pissed. I hope you understand 


Good to know I'm the only one trying.  


   There's some top quality ping-pong on. 


Blown away by these amazingly unique   uniforms in the TAMU-MSU game. 


This storm is going to make work 20x as busy as what it was already going to be and Im not feeling spectacular.  


 Haha he's such a good example of the males species, I'm scared I may throw myself at his feet in lust for him pmsl 


Omg how about everyone just post pics and tweet about how it's snowingg!! :D    


Can't wait for twitter to erupt with all the PLL talk 


Wait... We don't get to see Collin Klein 2.0 to start for Boomer Sooner? Oh how sad.  


Good to know the gossip and talking behind people's backs doesn't end after highschool. 


 There is a gaping hole because I don't waste my time with complete garbage? Makes sense 


Glad we are the only people going to school today.  


  what a shame it would be if an angry mob found him


My parents leave this morning without leaving me anything to eat its like they expect me to make my own food or something 


I love when TV movies have commercials ever 3.5 minutes 


A lot of effing family issues. Oh it is sure goooooood to be home.  


How can I focus on this game when Almost Human premieres tomorrow?! 


Life just couldn't get better!    


  All I know, is that if I were to die I would want it endlessly retweeted 


 thanks for a great pre card! Wow! Well worth the money! 


Everyone is texting me all at know like stop guys I can't reply all at once 


Somehow a bad hair day turned into a great hair day.   


Very pleased my two teams are doing equally as shitty as each other and are facing each other tonight   


"When we are convinced that what we are doing is identical with the kingdom of God, anyone who opposes us MUST be wrong."  


I'm shocked there are so many H&amp;M gift cards left at Safeway...   at my life. Look at my choice   


   good, i think i'm back on track now 


I'm going to start taking pictures half  naked for attention . 


Lmao azealia wants to be ITALIAN as gags, such a copycat  


Also, my asthma has been ramping up, so this is the BEST time to be without my maintenance drug. 


Hats off to the genius who started up  for enduring lots of initial misunderstandings until people caught on to his/her brilliance.


The seldom-seen 1st and 1 after the Winslow holding call. Let's see if  can pick it up. 


I can see how the  thought Ed Reed was the problem on defense.  


People who don't understand sarcasm is weird   


I just love heading to school when it's dark out and leaving when it's dark all in the same day  


1st time in ages doing maths homework woo I missed it so much  


If the  have proved anything consistently the last 3 years, it is you need trick plays to beat their defense.  


People should take lessons from Bryan on how to be subtle    


I don't know about you but my favorite thing in the world is when people just stop in the hallway   


 You're the most intelligent person I know! 


Oh yes. I bet all the kids are chomping at the bit for the new Hess truck for Christmas. 
  


Spelling is knot my thing..so wat  You understude write? lol 


Wow the refs are doing great 2 games in a row haha      


Sorry, I don't think twitter has told me enough... Who won I'm a celebrity?? 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You can only bite your tounge for so long, before it starts hurt and everything comes spewing out.  


These next two weeks will be fun    


Dalton and Flacco could start a QB passing camp and call it "Just close your eyes and chuck it deep"    


There is a whole whooping 7 people at church tonight and 2 of them are the preacher and his wife  


Heartbroken to announce I'm going to be on a plane for this entire  game.  


Hey lets all post a picture of our Christmas tree on instagram because they are all so different. 


Supposed to have a day off. But instead I go in and work a 7 hour shift. This why I love working at Burger King. 


Come out of the bathroom only to get tackled by my brother cuz you know he doesn't weigh a thing   


Everyone wishing "happy birthday earth"  

I thought we planted trees on the earths birthday   




 I hate it when people talk about boot camp 


Of course my charger stops working. I wouldn't expect anything less from this amazing night 


Good to see $EWZ off to such a strong start to 2014 after such a fine 2013 


 The W's should trade some prospects for that Harden guy in Houston   


Well that's great This week is just going wonderful 


We worked out to Christmas music today in the weight room, that was such a good time. 


$JPM settlement cripples it compared to rivals. $XLF.  I'll listen to Wish you Were Here on subway ride home.  find the solution? Skew the problem!

 


Ok teachers, those "before Christmas" letters of recommendation that are missing dont affect my future or anything...take your time 


 of course! Gotta go pick up guys at the gym! 


There's the Dallas Cowboys defense we all know &amp; love. 


Thanks for making me feel like I will be good at what I want to go to college for...not!!!!   your supposed to be encouraging.right?


 it is my understanding that this is still a free country   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


yay school tomorrow cant wait

- please note  

2 hours with one of the person i hate lol


 Home alone on a Saturday night. So f fantastic. 


excert convo:
 me: arg I think I cut my wrist
 friend: what are u emo now
 me: ha no sorry im one type of black
 


How to  about  the lessons of    and  | Siri Srinivas  'The internet too...'


     Free room and board for everyone! What's the problem? 


Michael Martinez signs with the Pirates.  What are we gonna do? lol 


Why did D. Rose get all the comeback commercials and Jon Kitna isn't getting anything?   


Even though I have 2000 friends on facebook that can take the picture for me I think need more  in the mirror  


Good play by the  to take a time out there with 30s left to get the ball back and try and score 


you smoke and drink&amp;drive ? oh wow you're so cool now 


I have my license and have tons of friends who wanna hangout, I lose my license and I have none. Good friends right?  


  that Kind of love and friendship is what everyone dreams for 


How cool is that I go to school before the sun rises ?!  


WoW... For a person who spends thousands of $$ on a slimming product, You sure look double the size 


I honestly don't think I have any feelings in my legs after practice.... Yea  lucked out on some fun!!!!!  


 Sure,  sign "We need  in Parliament" letters not knowing her politics daily.   


.... in sleeplessness often (1 Cor 11:27 NLT). Don't mess with a Christians sleep these days! 


 and I made some wonderful Pecan Pie, not very sturdy but still delicious    good thing it only happens once in awhile 


Thoroughly deserved draw for Cardiff. Thought spurs played well as well today 


 no you guys were closed, and I couldn't do any Christmas shopping all night. Boy do I love BOA 


moved this weekend. it was so much fun, I think I'll do it again in 6 months 


Watching couples on tv always makes me feel great   


 Silly, Lya.  You speak Spanish.  Silly, Lya. 


Who wants more snow? The Tug Hill doesn't nearly have enough. 


great tweet.  RT  At Northrop Grumman, our mission is to be at the forefront of technology and innovation.


 just out of no where u say fuck wow best tweet ever (: 


Thanks so much scanner for deciding not to work they day I need you, appreciate it so much! 


Inspite of the gun laws seems my criminal neighbors have an them. Amazing how criminals dont follow the laws  lol 


Busty's birthday is next week everyone! Be sure to get her a present! 


4 days down, only 726 days left!!! Oh how the time flies......  


SEC is 5-1 now in bowl games this season &amp; has won 7 straight National Titles possibly 8. I'm sure they are definitely "overrated" 


This weather makes me feel really christmassy!   isn't X factor a little too middle class for you 


  The indigenous Spanish population who rely on bullfighting meat must be devastated. 


 Of course you are. Your behavior is totally normal.  


   of course fight it. Fuck mgmt. Assholes forget who lines their pockets. Talent das who!


Love getting that call from the alarm company at 1230 at night 


 Yay, US government. You spy on us, block innovation, and hinder our growth. 

I'm fed up with their crap.


Dropping tamales off all morning then to the eye doctor... yay me 


It's so nice out guys! Who wants to go lay out in the sun...     your telling that what I'm doing is wrong? I think you forgot we're not friends.  


 CC: . . RT . Got to love these Christmas NBA jerseys 



Heh. Can't fix stupid, nope.

     oh. She's checked online. Must be true them.  only doctors can diagnose.


  that's right... you only have 2 followers so therefore your opinion doesn't matter to anyone 


Into my 5th week here already, time flies when you're having fun 


 wait, they used a green screen!? I swear to jeezum Bullock went to actually space! ;)  


You wore sweats and uggs to class again? Holy shat. No way! 


This nearly every conversation that i have on      Just made buffalo chicken Mac and cheese...I think he liked it  nope. Hated every bite. 


 hehe, sorry, should've specified with a ;) or 


Tonight on Sports Nightly: Shawn Eichorst. He's certain to break a lot of news w/ hard hitting, edgy opinions &amp; biting commentary. 


Husband: "Maybe for New Year's we can get a Papa Murphy's Pizza!"   


the rec was packed today thanks to christmas break, i cant wait until people decide to have a new years resolution that never lasts 


Monday's after being off for 2 weeks are AWESOME!!! Especially if it's 18 degrees 


Ooh ahh just seen an anti government conspiracy Twitter account announce its latest revelation.. The BBC monitor the News!!!! Wow! 


   wonderful knews this season keep on coming for Boston.. 


   "One of my fa-vor-ite things..." 


Oh so Gavin smiled when he heard the music of his alleged abuser? Oh that makes sense. 


 research ? involved it, now can't drink it without remembering how worthless that class was. Tuition well spent. 


Did a Google voice search for the word "Die Hard" and it replied with "i heard".  


 yeah, that's 100% true man. I love that song!! 


    let's be honest, brooks orpik is gonna get it done  


 I acquired it, and let me tell you it's not all that's hyped up to be.. I know it sounds trendy and cool but yeah. 


But continue with that pattern....it seems to be working lmao 


Omg my most favourite thing to do is cut my leg whilst shaving! My shin looks so much more atteactive now! 


 Day excursions to Paris are just unbelievable  Shows what a cave these Macs are living in. Josh=Legend 


Can't waiiiit to hear all the ruckus about how they sang a Christmas song in chapel. BEFORE thanksgiving    


So MTV does show music videos! Grant it, it's at 3am but music television is not dead!  


Tom Daley has come out as gay never saw that coming  


Lmaoo... Jose Mourinho we want you to stay"


I missed a major announcement by being away from Twitter all day? Where is it?! I don't see it!!  


 in Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar": "Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow world like a Colossus, while we petty men (more)"


Teching a show and riding the cotton pony: Two great activities that go great together.   


Waiting at the dmv for a new license pic  is super fun 


Great win for the Big East tonight. Pitt over ND. Wait, Pitt isn't in the Big East anymore? Huh? When did they leave 


I love when my roommate crashes my plans.  


Congrats to Pup Clarke for 'finding form'. Out of form day 1, makes 100 day 3. Did he leave his form in his hotel room day 1? 


Yeeww-hahhh racked up a lot of points on a big ol' buck today. I think I'm on top of the leaderboards of WI with all of the points. 


 great... What a charismatic line up that is. I can just picture the excitement   


Half an hour into the episode(itself) and Sofiya is still not done with the make up . Wow  


Surely none of the players are hungover  


My life now consists of wrk and xbox. That's it       


 To quote the great Kenny Powers "I play real sports. Not trying to be the best at exercising." 


I like it when people assume things about me  


 hey. Roger has a tough job. Be nice Gord!  You don't have a clue!!   I assume u picked that up


  wow they used two different materials, so strange 


Just missed my last deer of the season  great job kaitlyn 


 what's he get 2..cause that was a clean 


6 hours of exam review and med admin labs tomorrow, I can't wait!   


Don't you just love when your parents make you do things you don't feel like doing? Because I know I do. 


Not sure if any of you have been to / through Fallon NV in the winter, snow on the ground and all...simply charming. 


Uncovering the science of  or as the Comic Book Guy would say: Best. Article. Ever.  via 


Senior awards, highlight of the day!  


Gotta love seeing a network bullied into running something they don't want to. 


The math that we have to do in science isn't even hard.



 I know right! over protected parents are the best 


Why would  run the playclock down so low? Dont they realize they need lots of offensive poss 2 win?  


It feels great to be ignored!  I think I'm gonna change a few things this break.


   What have I been missing out on all of these years?!? 


 maybe if there was a speaker company close by to help 


Get to spend the rest of my Thanksgiving Break at the greatest place in the WORLD! Marc's!  


oh no what will I do without drugs constantly in my face, damn so sad I can't go back there 


  You have to love when a plan comes together!  Can you see the chess pieces? Are you watching?  


I'm sorry I offended you when I called you a bitch, I honestly thought you knew.      


Just like to thank everyone at work for being sympathetic to my plight re: split trousers &amp; not sniggering lots. 
Oh wait, no. 


I'm all about reading these handwritten Thom Hannum charts 


glad 2014 is starting of just how 2013 ended great year ahead. 


            great?  Alert! From the Fairview Twp. house fire and arrest earlier this week.   yeah, I know. I hate it when coaches try to teach responsibility 


annnnnnnnnnnnnnd i lost my instagram account.      this week just keeps getting better and better.     


I totally love having a roommate who sleeps from Friday afternoon to Monday morning straight 


We know, you all hate the snow. Yet every year, as if by magic, it comes back. Around the same time even..wow  


This is what $20 will get you in the Tahoe. Love it ....   love that people defend   but judge people in their own life... 


 I once got called 'Whitey' in the Caribbean - so I totally understand 300 years of oppression 


Minot high school taught me so well on how to study for college finals.. By not having any...  


 - The crippling use of wit that renders intelligence completely unnecessary.


 hmm aissaaaa  baaki hum to sirf fruits n vegetables he DHOKE khate h :p :D 


Its 3 degrees outside. Who wants to do some front porch sittin'?  


 If LeBron plays tonight, he is officially the greatest of all time. If he doesn't, his legacy takes a severe hit. 


All bad news comes in three's, my third came today. To add to my uncle being in hospital, now my nana is too.   


Here's a  I wrote about trickle-down economics -  


 Now let's find a way to to blame this loss on Cutler.  


Would love to be playing my new  but unfortunately it seems everywhere is sold out...till Black Friday.  


"How do you know a  is made for women? If it's pink, of course.    they've done wonders with their 3 foot law. It's like nobody buzzes me by 6 inches anymore. 


Miles Mikolas had an ERA of 0 last year so things are looking up in the bullpen. 


Officially applied to university! Like omg I hope I get accepted 


   "tutoring money"...how evil! 


Starting the new year on the couch recovering from last night.   


Knew there was something in that Jamaican water.. Who'd have thought corruption and drugs ey?! 


 good thing you put j I thought you were serious  :P


I mean having a migraine while studying for finals is the perfect combo in my opinion  


Didn't realise half of my Facebook had just got jobs at the Met Office. Well done guys.  I KNOW IT'S WINDY! 'kin hell.


 Yeah, they're all about safety in the NFL right? 


 WHAT!!! Uncle Harvey is a pot smoker??  


i am not sure but can someone tell me is vCAC 6.0 is released? 


 a         nope not at all!  some people get it! Lol it dry sunny and a little chilly. I love it.


What a lovely day it's gonna be. 
   yes of course, I'd love to work the next 5 days this week. Sure, why not?      


 Great press conference today. Really top-notch stuff. 


Lip syncing and background dancers great performance Selena Gomez 


Taking pictures of your "bros" smoking weed with you looks real cool  come on your better then that  


 So people should unload me? 'Cause I'm not healed yet? Great. 


I have a presentation early morning tomorrow. I need to stay up and practice for it because I'm SOOOO much prepared. 


 ok well since people think I was serious I wasn't fyi to all of twitter 


Love when my friends are all super reliable and there to help me out when I need it 


Oh no I forgot to get my country fest tickets.. I'm so disappointed.. 


These are the roads in Wilburton.. I'm glad  has any care about ppl that have to travel far.. -.-   You mean you would take less than 80 to 100k per year as all the keyboard warriors suggest you guys make 


So you pay a guy $50 million to come up with a pick when he's been burned all game. What a waste of money. 


 fire Kubiak. Losing twice to the Jaguars, I didn't see it coming. 


 I just  it when people don't text back or lag on me !  ....... 

  seriously


Just saw a couple with matching marijuana socks on. Can't get any cuter than that. 


 It's a good thing that link didn't lead to a Creed video, otherwise there would have been an issue. 


 IMAGINE my surprise that my train to London Bridge is delayed due to signal failure. This almost NEVER happens 


S/O to  for taking me to the volleyball game I've been wanting to go to!!   


Wow, you deleted me? I'm heartbroken...  


 If that wasnt a condesending AW. then I dont know what is....lol 


 that was such an amazing performance against  


Its so nice that you haven't talked to me all day.. 


  wow love how u took an awesome jeep and made it uglier than sin!  


Wow I couldn't even tell you edited that picture. 


I love not being included when your friends do something 


I have stayed upset all dang day. And that just made it worse.. Thanks 


So glad I bought tix to the Falcons game before this 0-4-1 streak 


Because I know everyone doesn't know it's snowing...hey it's snowing!   


    they said "we need to beat 3 backup QBs and Pryor on a bad knee." Impressive 


 if thats real theres no way google wouldn't use that to give you ads based on the conversations you have 


  so 1 good game every year is gonna do the Vikings a lot of good...!! I get what your saying now..


Hoping I can dig out from all this snow.    M Henrich...deserved. Harper for them. Nice of Harvey &amp; Ginand to applaud us. 


" shahrinHD pesen makeup tebal + skinny jeans ni la yg ramai org minat  cc customer tudung SS8..


Fellaini definitely had the best game of his United career this aft. Absolutely immense!  


 yes. We don't need to learn anything from the past at all. Hitler who?  Slavery, what is that?  


 owh carp, forgot to add  at the back of that last tweet. :P blacklists I'm not surprised it is :D


Stranger: Hello? Ara ka pa da?
Me: Ay wala, nanginmatay na!

 XD


Reading all these post I still don't know what happened in the bama Auburn game   


Shocker! Maria Bartiromo to join Faux Biz network. What took her so long? 


Cowboys Defense is so dominant this game. Has only aloud 10 points! 


What, an offensive lineman is down? That never happens!  


If you comment and say something stupid leave it up for about a min or two let people say shit and delete it so there's no proof 


 Another great game  
I should say "Pigskins" just change your name Ok? Or I will be chirping Pigskins ! 
 
:)


The sending off changed the whole dynamic of the game. It's all right lads we're in transition..   


 loving the amount of top young English talent city have on show 


The dog show is the best part of thanksgiving. 


I just love it when my nose is sore from blowing it so much 


my diet today has consisted of a glazed doughnut, hot chocolate, cheese balls and a mt dew...  


I have an idea let's work on christmas day, boxing day and new years  day too how  splendid  


 sorry did I need to put  for you? Prolly since u don't know the concept of neutral sites in sports


Wanted mcdonalds had to settle for Mexican chilli cheese  well nice for a hangover 


Was just rung through by an associate at  who spent the entire transaction on the phone.  


Awesome,  I can't wait to drive all the way to New Britain in this awful weather because god forbid we cancel one final. 


And yes it's cold outside.... Thanks for telling me I had no idea... 


Financial aid warning for the spring semester..  


Thanks MTV, Alive by Chase &amp; Status is just what I needed to keep the party vibe going 


laying in bed all day and writing.   


 one can only hope this texting conversation carries into the New Year! 


then we go and worship celebrities, because they're the epitome of knowledge and success 


Being home alone for Christmas is the best 


I love it when people make comments about bisexuality not being real. It's even more fun when they make it gender-related. 


 
Could you go on about 1D and Gary Barlow a bit more? I'm in NO WAY fed up of you going on about them to excess. 



Shocked!  RT  While MSNBC and CNN were covering Nelson Mandela, Fox News was slagging Obamacare  I'm no help there. Bahaha! Cause otherwise Id be oh so helpful 


Chicken fried rice, french fries and home alone on a Saturday night.  


And today, we get the excitement of an Alamo Bowl announcement.        cool Pinterest and Twitter you don't have to work on my computer...I don't care at allllll   


Just what I want to be doing at 11 at night...cleaning up cat puke   


Tenner roy keane will present him the award 


I love kijiji people who call to say they are on the way and then never show up... 


 Nah, I'll pass on that.  seems to be enjoying his time up there though 


 you better not ride that motorbike again! Your leg is gonna fall off if you keep at it 


Well... The staff in Hilton hotels are an absolute delight 


Cannot even explain how much I LOVE spnding hours dealing w automated customer service lines. So happy I now have a reason to live 


Wow C300 can now shoot at 80,000 ISO that will be useful. 


Isn't the face of abortion just so beautiful?        new year starting off with a trip to Lowes. Dishwasher exploded last night. Outlook for 2014 is awesome. 


I love it when my parents talk about me like I cant hear them. 


And people thinks Im just being mean      love sitting next to a football expert during a game. This lady at the other table sure knows her stuff and I can't get enough! 


Wilshere having a moan... who would have thought?  


and while im at... GREAT SEASON  played like a true PRO BOWLER. Clearly a step above the rest. 


Why has there been no talk about these excellent  refs  


But, but ps4 is the best this can't be.  RT  Some PS4s are shipping with faulty HDMI ports  Its not a joking matter u should be more responsible stop acting like a lil girl  more like an orgasm for spreading hate


Oh USPS when you mess up, you do it so well!    If you don't want to read the whole article, at least read this   mate 


Oh yes. I totally wanted to watch a holocaust documentary tonight...  


my house smells like synth! thanks mom and dad! 


Love when  try and interact with me. 


 RT  "China keeping their comments short as per usual.."  


So glad Cutler put his ego before the team.  


Welcome to the high speed digital age with TalkTalk and 2KB broadband, it's the future!   2 and a half hour practice of just fitness was the best feeling.. 


Lots of Carhartts, Real-Tree jackets, people making fun of me, and fights going on. Good to be back in downtown Springfield, IL:)! 


So tired and dont feel good... Its going to be a great day!.  


I love having no power while watching my niece 


On the phone with Eileen, Lincoln calls her, she proceeds to join all of the calls. What a great 15 minutes THAT was. 


Don't you love it when you're blamed for everything even though you didn't do it.   off


no phone today, &amp; got randomly sick af. these past days have been great.  


Professor sent out an assignment a few hours before it's due. Yup, I have nothing else to do  


 - This discussion on awkward teens and tall people is really appropriate for a business and trading channel. Well done. 


 Just imagine if Bo recruited all year b/c obviously no other school does. 


Absolutely love it when there's 40 people in the queue in front of me at the post office!!   


LOL at my life right now! Couldn't get much better than this.  


 a southern baptist who doesn't give a crap what people think said something not politically correct?! Hang him!  


  Perhaps it's the beautiful winters here they can't handle. 


I'm stressed to the point where I'm in tears wow this is new 


Drinks and crutches always make for a good mix.  


Not eat for 5 hours and trained for 2.5 - lost all gainz 


BREAKING: Alfredo Aceves signs $11.15 per hour deal to be overnight assistant manager at Dorchester Cumberland Farms.   


Well that's awesome!! Ha this winter break is gonna be good 


Drivinn thru town with the boys!  The fuck guys?  is below $3. I feel guilty filling up. I think I'll write the Saudis and big oil a check.  


Bulls should have kept Bynum and played Noah at the point. He's had some good passes early on.  


Great ending for today! Gee-whiz! Good thing I'm so happy! 


Malkin isn't scoring much so he made sure to steal one to complete Kunitz's hat trick 


 we're really living in paradise now.  


Just can't express how much I love when couples post pictures every where they go....    


Its A Shame! ;)         pinquotes   no I fogged that I was uninvited.... 


Not too mention she couldn't help me she told me to call back in 24 hrs. Glad to see my taxes are put to good use 


Can't wait to see tweets about the bachelor for the next couple months. 


Happy new year! I hope 2014 has songs as good as KatyPerry 'roar', Bastille 'of the night' &amp; LondonGrammar 'nightcall'.  


I think, therefore I am    


It's time to finish all my Christmas shopping. I'm so excited 


PLEASE walk slower... I'm not trying to get anywhere or anything 


3 hours at the DMV with  good quality time with my boo.lol   


 This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player.  And I really thought we were meant to be...


Congrats to all the new CT felons. May your sacrifice to the tyrannical save numerous innocent lives. 


My family is feeling a little neglected...

I really need to make a trip to Houston bc none of the planes travel from there to here!


you know i would never have guessed it was nye last night 


I just love it when my hair actually looks nice and I have to go to swim. Galah my favorite 


warm weather and rain, a ski resorts  best friend 


" I admit, I'm a hypocrite. Now why don't you just leave me alone?   


You're funny, very funny   you're actually a DUMBASS  


 Shigeru Ishiba of the LDP, the ruling party, knows what 'true democracy' is like.  Read  (in )


Spending the weekend with history, I have to study 50 pages... Yayyy 


Love the fact that I have got work tonight I cannot wait 


 Are you saying her tweets are as "funny" as the ones you copypaste? Wow!  &gt;_&gt;


The Christmas tree is going up, the Christmas tunes are on and I am loving it. 


Yay! 24 pages of enviromental exceprts to annotate in 2 days  


This is for all the hipsters! see what you think! Johnny Cash made retro!  such a 'kicking beat'! 


 I wonder if  is currently watching  football. 

Maybe 


Meh, didn't really wanna sleep tonight. It's just too mainstream for me    


Sound, love when people stick to their words 


If you could say the word cool one more time it would be awesome. 


A big thanks to my whole hockey team for not answering my text 


Woo hoo great start to the new year!   


 it's OK. A fellow rider's ber loud earbuds seem to help drown out the annoying constant buzzing 


 proving that the good fight was worth it: 'Dad' equivalent sold out yonks ago I presume   morning i look this hot.      hogs, aren't they they bee's knees! 


I thank you just set a new record on who can piss me off the fastest.    


A huge mistake by Jarett Bush? In a playoff game? Really? I'm so surprised. 


Good. I was getting worried that the  forgot Overtime was a thing. I guess 572 out of 573 games is still impressive. 


 nope...brisk Canadian morning. Might have to put a jacket on today. ;-) 


Welcome to 2005. DST makes another appearance at  With all the ed policy discussions, glad we're talking about real issues 


I've only been up for 20 minutes and all I've done is laundry  


They told me I must be a lot of fun at parties  


 Michigan's record : 7-5 
Ohio State's record : 12-1 
But you're so right Ohio State sucks... 


Yay I lost 6 followers in two days.
Thank you guys. 


I got The Mocker on the The Sarcasm Test at OkCupid.  via   RT and take the test! Reply with results!


 love sharing my clothes with those in need.  


this day is going perfec.. &amp; to make it even better, I shattered my front screen.  


Justine wins Friday's social media moron of the night. Well done.  


So glad I signed up for this helpful service!   the complaints are sarcastic as opposed to just plain angry, they are better resolved.  helps  &amp; 


I'm so glad, I binged on  and became emotionally invested in Brody.  


Guess I get to spend this thanksgiving alone  


  I put my twenty on illicit sexual deviance. Lol at BJU?!! Say it ain't so. 


Randy Carlyle will win the Jack Adams Award and Paul Ranger will win the Norris. You heard it here first  


ASCE meeting then I get to go back to work... Lucky me!



  He certainly has the look of an authority on the subject. 


    Do you have a turkey brine recipe?  


Man you're so cool I wish I could be just like you  


Looks like I'm on the late. Again. Thanks for asking.  


 Oh thank goodness Douch-e is back...  


 so shocked you're struggling    


With brilliant ideas like  it's a wonder how NBC can be so far behind all the other networks  


 REALLY!! And thats your expert opinion ..... WOW i'm enlightened. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Global Warming strikes again! its colder in Texas than it is in Anchorage Alaska..   


I have to go back to work tomorrow. Hope I don't accidentally re-injure my hand! I'd hate to sit around for another couple of weeks 


 Because that's what society says and CLEARLY society must be right. 


Data entry and conference calls today? OMGSOMUCHFUN 


iv been looking forward to seeing sin cara fight del rio forever now.....     


Well he is a liberal so everything he does is for our good.   mom makes my boyfriend sound just great to the extended family........ 


Seriously waited an hour and a half to see SANTA!!!     


  Can we kick  out of the Union? It is a foreign state to me  


I can't wait to see my timeline filled with PLL updates...  


Love how necessary it is for me to be at work regardless of weather.  


Congratz AC Milan for winning like this , anti-football.  AC Milan must be proud to win like this 


I'm not good at advice, can I offer you a sarcastic comment    


 works in  it's also powered by the sun from Unicorn Prime. 


There's nothing genius abt R. Kelly's music. He makes songs abt sex. I mean, really, what other artists do that? 


  Can you please give a more detailed play by play 


Guess what?...WE LOST!!!! Yayy!!! Great playing guys!! But let's look at the bright side we got multiple chances and 1 goal!! Yes!! 


Sleep is for the weak. Also I feel like I run better on zero sleep.  


 Look on the bright side. "We're going the right direction".? 


Well, I guess no saxophone until Thursday. Fantastic. 


 you are missing quite a wonderful math class right now   


Yeah grand junction for Thanksgiving .....  


Thats the cherry on top of my day/night!  


 for some reason, this seems like biggest piece of BS ever. Not sure what that reason is though 


My dinner tonight. 4 pizza rolls. 4 chicken nuggets. And 2 poptarts. Wow my mom really knows how to cook 


I had so much fun with  cleaning orange paint out of the carpet after 7th hour.  


I'm  DC is the fourth most pricey city to rent an apartment!  Great read by   


Again, I'm blown away at the tech that is the  online streaming.  


Wow. Running play to short side of the field. Who could've seen that coming? 


 Thank goodness climate change is imaginary. 


I think there is a new Hunger Games movie coming out soon. Haven't really seen it advertised on TV that much though. 


Don't toy with me. I'll disassemble your private parts.       


So apparently its gunna snow from next week till march! Worst winter since 1947 predicted   


Also I'm soooo excited that my fiancs brother's girlfriend is coming over tomorrow....    


Boy, what a great way to start the year. Fucker.  


I feel like we may have scored a touchdown? But I could be wrong..    buys out M&amp;C Saatchi's 75% stake in Walker Media   via  Nice to see women on the board. 


 can you dig up something with JT in it?  


 Good point. Not starting WW3 by bombing  and then signing a deal with  What a disgrace he is!  


sluts   Women are the only primates who have enlarged breasts all the time! ---&gt;  the two of you playing around in my head when i woke up, like as if it's a playground, is really an amazing feeling 


Told you to be careful with stuff made in China:  


Thank you so much for the Thanksgiving email CSU San Bernardino! I really needed it, I might consider going to your school now  


Oh really, I didn't know it was Friday the 13th???? 


 Looking forward to hard fought game then a quick flight to New Orleans on a Friday night &amp; getting right to bed. 
Ha!


I have a 2 million dollar yacht  in my shopping cart, to push purchase or not to. That is the question.  (The ANSWER IS "NOT TO.")


overtime is exactly what i need to get this paper finished  


"Foul weather threatens to snarl US holiday travel"   lemme guess, Jim, u were born yesterday. ;) 




Don't I look happy? Looks can be deceiving. I'm in the house on a Saturday! Awesome!    how the wind chill is -46 degrees  


  so what...? You claim to be some sort of business owners with inventions... Psh yeah right 


 That I thought about 2013 and where did I end?  All the best to you!


I can't wait to see more Cranky Kong at Nintendo Direct tomorrow. That'll stop me buying a PS4 for sure. 


Can't wait to walk home in the snow.     


Only 4 more free Saturdays until Tax season begins and I'll be working 6-7 days a week. Yessssssssss!!!! 


2 essays, 2 projects and a presentation. What fun.    


We get 3 more time outs in the 2nd half, why not go through all of our 1st half time outs in the first quarter? 


Wow, you are not being completely obvious at ALL  


Woo!  Today  /  combined lying with incompetence.  That's a new one.  


Gov. Christie displaying some excellent presidential qualities. The Elected Bullies, via 
  isn't that assuming driver and crew follow you?  


*other point of view* yeah, having the people that pay for the house I'm living in is a "burn" 


Geographie oh what a chance I have to learn this amazing shit  hate it  sleep and I have to work tomorrow  


  Congratulations      or 


Do you know how to lose a lot of weight quite quickly??? Well, chop a leg off!!! HAHAHA... 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


You're in the 8th grade and you post picks of you smoking weed, That's Gucci...


Head ache and feeling sick = great nights sleep ahead  


   facebook?? What is this Facebook you speak of? 


A nice personal service from the Met Line Twitter team...    Dang!All hail obama. Quick, before he gets upset.   except when accidentally truthful.


 Really missing the international friendlies."


Listed myself under      on  but Aikman said it was correct, so it is, right?  RT  short of the first down. Crowd not happy with the spot.


Alright time to cram my fil paper, I mean how bad can it be? 


   Wow Havnen't heard that one before.. 


I just love it when everyone I know just ignores me. 


 ha.... Ha.... You're so funny....   


Sleepy tired sleepy tired .....ahhh love my life 


Well that's exactly what I wanted to happen before my biggest final.  


Its a cold one out there, cant wait for work tonight haha 


What a touchdown pass by Rogers for the touchdown!!!!  


After five days with no internet, we now have 6Mbps DSL... Yay... 


Holy shit Bale hit a hat trick vs Valladolid..a star is born! 


 Already had my fun with it. Can't wait til Monday! 


I just got done with my homework and had to miss conditioning I love my life :-) 


 you're so cool, can you teach me? I'm not very cool.  you're bf is way cooler than you ;)


" Is anyone else having as much fun as I am? 


" Rewatching texans and just saw Brooks Reed almost make a tackle. Good stuff." I thought he was let go b4 the season. 


Few hours later blood sugar is still over 400. Safe to say I'm going to have an amazing day  


Oh that fun moment when you have nothing to do on a Friday night 


That loud drilling outside my unit at 10.20 at night is awesome 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 your so cool... I want to be just like you when I grow up  


Having to buy a new computer is exactly what I wanted to do! 


 Who says there's education problems in America today? 


Steve Mclaren for England!!    


I luv dismissive behavior. Especially when expressng concern 4 another human being or friend..just listen.that's all was needed :| 


 or were you  wish Twitter had a  button.


Glad I'm able to match people up around me so well. 


Well my plans tonight are sitting in bed. Playing on my phone.. with no one to talk to. Yes!! 


 indoor smoking is the best! Cancer FTW!  


I'm such a goofy doofus. Sometimes I wonder why I was born on 31st March and not a day later.  


They can't move the game to the practice rink...where are they going to put the fans!?   


Filming a sports cast in class today. Yay for absent teammates. 


Nothing makes me smile more than my friends deciding to stalk my bat mitzvah fb album featuring my overly fierce poses circa 2009 


  wait, a Hawkeye fan missing an announcment, shocked!  


The fake onside kick... Most successful play in sports... 


Get it? Being tricked into having sex with a guy is hilarious and shameful!!!  


I forgot taking pictures with alcohol bottles was soo cool. 


Work has been so much excite today. So excite. Such money. Wow. 


Did not realize that as long as you wore pantyhose, that you could wear hoochie skirts to work  


No no no. Don't move. I can get by. Just sit there.   not racist, but i do racist ish...    You forgot the  part.  I've done Costco hams myself, no shame in it


 none of your jokes are funny Autumn   


REAL hoping at least one person tweets and IG's a pic of the turkey tomorrow. (fingers crossed)  


I am so glad I wasted 3.5 years of my life for this.  


Well that astronomy test went great!!!  


Isn't it a wonderful day when you break up with someone this day? Life is just so fun right now...   


 when u have Matt Cassel ur always in the game 


I really dislike how 1D have put out 3 albums in 3 years. It's like they don't work on them or something...   


Why yes,  the Duck Dynasty guy is a much bigger story than 40 million credit card  being stolen at Target 


 want to get yourself fitted with cement shoes? Don't cross the "Reverend" 


so excited to have a full semester on ethics and law next year!  


But but obama claus stopped their nuke islamobomb making with a treaty, right!?!   


Can totally see why Kerr was attracted to a man in a white t-shirt &amp; speedos 


You know what we need? More injuries. Fml.  


Yup, I sure love it when my gf comes to my place after a night of "fun" reeking of alcohol... 


 But then again, I only live in the countryside and represent people who need housing so I clearly know far .less than  you 


  there is no such thing as road tax? 


Duck Dynasty star suspended from his own show for homophobic comments. Color me shocked. 


Have no fear: if you don't have the capacity to laugh at yourself, someone else does. :^\  


Oh no it's going to snow! What shall we ever do?   


Listening to Alesana right before bed... yea this is totally a good plan. 


Thanks to  the tag match is now a 4-on-2 handicap match. Wonderful.  


. If it said "Firefighters wearing sweaters rescue pregnant woman" its still unfunny. At least they're not striking  


Boy Ponder sure has played like shit today.  


Home alone while being sick and daytime TV  


Bortuzzo a healthy scratch again? Yes, by all means fill the lineup with Engelland and Connor. 


 Dont question it.  The death of Brian Griffin a cartoon character was such a tragic loss lol.  


Argos lose Sunday. Buffalo Bills banners up all over downtown Tuesday. What great sports city this is! 


 Great post. Neocons sabotaging a deal with  I wonder why.... 


 I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.

 Mmm Acetyl CoA


 no you got it all wrong. It's unattractive if you don't smoke. Duh.  


Gee I'm so glad I have my outline with corrections by ms saxton so I can do my rough draft right! 


 Time to do my hair....Look like a decent human being ...   


Guess who couldn't sleep and was literally up ALL night...lucky, fricken me! Thanks for starting off, great 2014.   


 that little boy maybe was starving! Well done Justin, you're a good person! 


Considering he was injured  still managed 2 assists to his name, imagine if he was full fit 


 are you referring to someone? Lol. Cause I think I know 


Love it. All my mates care about is being able to take the piss out of me. Feeling good 


Can't cope with how Christmassy it is today   I guess I just applied for a job at the tavern  


 ''You Know You Wanna!'', My Stepdad Said.  


Man, I just want superpowers already. Other than being devilishly handsome and charming of course. 


I'm so excited to wake up at 5 am tomorrow  


Watching shit on bbc iplayer because it doesn't feel late anuff for someone as cool as me to go sleep :p 


 I love being home alone!   I'm alone too :(


"Ahs omg lol so excited"  thanks to everyone on facebook I've never watched the show haha


 I feel bad for u poor Bulls fan u have had a lifetime of horrors and losing with no good players! 


 That should get you in the Christmas spirit 


Y'all are just the cutest couple ever can I please be y'all  


It's a fact that if you put Phillipians 4:13 in your Twitter bio, it makes you Superman. 


 seems promising. Started off the year by dreaming of my punk ass ex then waking up at 2. Very interesting..  


Thanks for letting us know the water is going to be shut off TOUA!  


 From what you tweeted, I gather that you self-righteously harassed a lady on a plane into slapping you. Be proud... 


um well my life just got 100000000x more confusing! yea i love it! 


 makes sense not to play  cd, defense that has been here is playing so well...


 Well man. Looks like we should never cheer this team on ever again. The season is a complete failure.  


Wow never saw that coming.  wait until tomorrow! RT  Heavy slow &amp; go traffic remains EB I-70 from US 40 to ID Springs


 well, we'll see how long this twitter thing lasts. Thought about hitting up pinterest next. 


Looks like the best of the  commenters have hopped over to   


 yes because Frazier's defense was great this year 


I just love sitting at work with no one to text, yay.  


POTUS fundamental change in California: 1 million lose insurance so 59,000 can sign up for Obamacare! Good call 


 Oh ya. 2.5 hour sleep. That's the good stuff. Time to travel to Winnipeg.  But if it's the "right" 2.5 hrs...still no.


so my english teacher doesn't like me and she does a great job at hiding it, 


Just added all work employees as friends on Facebook so I can send them passive aggressive updates    


My fault..i can be a sarcastic person as cruel as I can..  


My mum is so nice to me...     are wonderful in the Hunter household this morning...    


Certain folk have to be the focal point of the move of God, or else it isn't God's doing..  Oo


22 INTs for Joe Flacco this year. TWENTY TWO. Nice first season of a new contract. Hope we get to see more! 


Love that my family are quiet in the morning so I can have a lie in after my shift 


Couldn't even do a 1650 today. I got 200 down and then said Fuck That.  


Programmers! Here's how to get employed for life! (Or how to write unmaintainable code) -  


 is just like pizza. It's all about delivery.


Well this was excellently planned.     


 ...could get underage girls to like me! 


Well I guess I have to imagine how rick and everyone is doing at the prison. Thanks for the check up...
  


 I think you boys have a great chance in this one!!  


Trying to be a
     to wait outside of the school until people get. Yipeee.. 


I mean it's not like I have finals to study for 


 I would disagree with you, but by soon so I'd probably lose my job and income... 


 Can we use tickets we bought a few years ago from your previous shows to get into these new shows? 


Yeah, enjoy the day. Having fun. Xtrodanary day. I love this day. 


omq we're lyke so bestie       really, really, really enjoy the way  &amp;  services in Dublin randomly arrive &amp; depart.  


 why does she hate the only tolerable thing about the holidays?!?!?!  


What the world was waiting fora Brodus Clay v Tensai feud.      


I'm thankful for the great images that f**king robber left me with today.   


Why you block me on Instagram or made your account private  thanks 


It feels so nice to be not included...  lololololololololol


 Sorry, I forgot to tag that  ;) They're all 'business innovators'. Guy from Aussie Home Loans etc.


Bus was 10 minutes late. And I forgot my breakfast. And I fell on my ass. Today is just full of awesome. 


 yeah it sure helps having Arcobello out of the lineup to boost the offense 


So the  sign Brian McCann, while the  sign Chris Young   


 both of those team have had just brutal schedules to Lol  u can make a case that they r good when they beat a good team


" I can't deal with this kind of pain today.   


 because that's what Jesus wants. Duhhhhhh!! 


Trade unions should create &amp; fund a party for socialists to run against the likes of racist    541 games left in his 574 game contract. Clearly totally reasonable to make final conclusions with only 20 games played 


Fuck I am the pathetic ex girlfriend. You're so right dude you win ! Move on now thanks 


Why are the employees at Service Ontario always so friendly? 


OMG-Slavoj Zizek is decoding ideology! Because he's never done that before! 


Can they please keep playing Wrecking ball? I haven't heard it for a solid 20 minutes and love it so much!  


. a little new year's eve humor for people awake at this hour :) 


Air-balling a free throw is so not embarassing because no one is watching you 


Work is going to be just the BEST today.     


I do hope the BBC will use my licence fee by camping out at all our airports and questioning every immigrant that lands. 


 Asking a writer to not keep it in writing?      


FB is full of 'check-ins'. Guess dat time of the yr wen the world seems to be out &amp; me livin up to the old sayin of Home sweet home 


 starts tonight. Teens need something else teaching them false values in relationships &amp; that sex b4 marriage is ok. 


The fact that I might have appendicitis just makes me so happy.  


I think I'm going to be gaining my addiction to candy crush back again..  


I'm expecting a package in the mail today...it better not be late!!  


obama to meet with CEOs of insurance cos-- are they the evil ones flying in on private jets?  


Apparently it's "guy code"  over your sister now. I have the best brother EVER. 


Hush nobody say anything about gun control. It wouldn't be appropriate in the face of another school shooting, right  


fuck yah I can't wait to go to the dentist tomorrow and get my tooth fixed again for the 3rd time 


Urijah with a choke for the win? I'm shocked.  


No. Really?  RT  There's a brawl for search, and all of the big players are involved.  injured!  Our Playoff dreams are dashed!    


Brittany McWatters makes zero since yall no joke!        broke into Nick's house...to sleep.    


Why don't you let your age show just a little but more   


  decent but not great baseball player. Good thing he's getting an education to fall back on... 


I am now a certified war veteran     lighting by Jeremy Castillo   I get that Leona Lewis album for Christmas! 


We are like beauty and the beast... I have the art of creativity, which is beauty, and you're just being you a fugly beast. 


Fitz built Liv a whole dream house, but  is only about sex, y'all!  


Driving over curbs... Piercings... Not paying for 5 minutes of parking... Beers... Rebel Tuesday is the best  


 I tracked it and it was left at the wrong depo this morning, hasn't moved since. Great service, thanks for the email 


Can you believe the  AD thinks his team should play for the National Title despite having a loss that OSU or FSU don't have? 


 Haha. I enjoy the  But we put up a fight, I guess...


 
Damn you,  and your obvious 




 Heavens to Betsy you mean AA militant minions are misleading the public? I'm shocked! 


2014: nice start! -.- what the hell.... Great starting from the beginning of the month! Perfect =|



Thanks  for the David Suzuki  piece.   as if my weekend couldn't get any worse phone is out for 2 weeks max  


8 mile on MTV right now, I am going to watch it instead of football 


Ppl dat start talkin shit for no reason r da best kind of ppl 


 &gt;&gt; Nice to see the salt spreaders were out last night...   


Stupid arguments on porn boards wow~

People have the most reasonable discussions while masturbating at their computer. 


. its not hate. Its an overabundance of helpful opinion.  


"When i eat a fruit only diet, my body becomes very healthy...it works for me, body isn't a textbook." 


 good thing ur stream works so well all the time   


black eye Friday can do one would much rather go to work all weekend :( 


Phone ringing... people talking... phone buzzing... 

Some silent day this is.. 




Or just totally ignore me.. I mean that's fine too. 


Not sure if this day could get any better! 


My throat is killing me, my nose is stuffy, coughing like a smoker, cold as hell, can't breathe..getting sick is just great 


People asking us to respect their religion by not making them do something against their faith? Not what Jesus died for, M&amp;S! 


Its raining and I brought the wrong notebook to class...off to a great start i see.  


Thanks for the help, guys. 
Really.
I appreciate it.



 coz atleast on that day some Christians wont have time 2 engage in "Holistic" act of "Conversion" 


Wow..I wish I could be as ungreatful as half of these stuck up bitches..


I love how everyone is freaking out in Nashville over a tiny bit of snow and cold weather.  


  How did I miss this? That Kenyan SOB is secretly plotting for peace...the bastard! 


 I forgot the  . didn't mean to offend you. It was only a joke. I love what you tweet.


 Why is your apartment on a slant... that must get annoying 


As a Husky fan, I am so sad that Chip Kelly lost. 


Is it possible to ring  and ask for requests?   


Lolz  Copper box show looks good this week 


Yea, because battle rapping is the most important thing in the world 


Gained 3 followers in one day
so populaaaarrr. 


Nooo I'm not insecure and ofcourse I'm not afraid to lose friends all the time ofcourse not  -.-


  But its so much easier to judge others so we feel better about ourselves... 


Why is it that there isn't tarp covering a bunch of seats at the SEC game like there is at the ACC game?  


Benigno is right.  should be cryogenically frozen until he can pitch again. B/c he's not a human, he's just a cyborg 


Work is sooo much fun when I've had 4 hours sleep  


Being 20 with two kids totally means you're winning at life. 


Adobe invoice is beautifully designed, full of lovely copy which makes me happy to be a customer   Brady offensive player of the week? Thought Peyton had a shot    


 But remember, energy prices and  have *nothing* to do with the downturn in Ontario's economy. 


Might as well keep the trend going... God damn it's cold outside.   


Love having insomnia it's just the best 
  


Please keep sharing all your hopes, dream's and aspirations for 2014. Everyone's very interested in how you plan to better yourself!


Another beautiful day of doing absolutely nothing. Gotta love it  


Have yo go for my dumb pregnancy test (thank you sooooo much stupid ex-friend  and then I'm going to the mall with my bffs!


Wow I can really tell you care so much...   


Oh...cuz of course we didn't see it the first time........ 


 closed the express lane on the gowanus today? NOT A HOLIDAY FOR EVERYONE sadly thanks 4 the great commute 


When I Do Go Home I'll Just Go Do Some Sleeping &amp; Religion Homework .  


I almost forgot that looks were the only thing that imply in having a boyfriend. 


Ageing is unkind to some of us but the encounter today let me know karma is a bitch. Couldn't of aged a nicer person so badly 


So two out of three days of my holiday have been spent sitting here watching the rain fall very productive week so far 


Now I have a stupid cold.
Great...
 on a  day


Really glad my printer just decided to work enough to print out a Thanksgiving stuffing recipe. So helpful now 


Wish I had my camera ready because I have seen some impressive mullets today. Are they coming back in style?  


    this is because the fish thinks OMG she's amazing! if you like 


Decided to go for my first run in about three months when it's 34 degrees outside because I need to make it more challenging. 


"I saw a deer on my way home"
"You didn't hit it did you?"
Yes dad. I hit the deer. 


HAPPY NEW YEAR! Lord this year is probably gunna be good.   


 Cloudy at  no rain or sleet Baltimore area not in Def Con 4 snow alert yet ? 


 Oh man that sucks... Ben Affleck wouldn't want to be my friend.  


   but according to the RNC's tweet this morning, racism has ended.  How can this be?  


Dope ass drag races going on on Almaden Expressway 


" Me watching Titanic: Maybe it wont hit the iceberg this time!"



 if your career turned out better maybe the  wouldn't of cut  


 Love when people quote my tweets and don't add anything  


 Oh, don't worry. Plan A THIS year is LeBron, so everything is gonna be great! 


He says he loves me so much.. yet forgets it's his daughters birthday.  


Got to be up at 2:30am for work tomorrow...  


Don't ya hate when youth ministry conferences really make you suffer? Darn you Daytona Beach!   so glad the weather ruined  last night.


You do realize that I don't always play the dumb blonde role? Sigh, I need to hashtag my sarcasm and my jks more often. 


Good call refs. That was TOTALLY interference.  


I wonder if Hull have "ever beaten Liverpool in any competition"? They would've said surely. 


Wow my mom is so cool, guys. I know you are all jealous that she's not your mom. I mean like, wow. Can you say mother of the year? 



I thought I saw  on  last night as a fluke thing! I think that midget-child-boy could take 'em!  


Medical terminology is gonna be a blast  


 
Oh please, cos I'm desperate &amp; will take any friends I can get! 


Oh I just love spending my Friday afternoon at school 


Free  package weekend!!! Lets see what's on..... Lakers vs Bobcats..... Awesome.... 


So I see Mike Woodson's bed check really worked for the Knicks. 


  c'mon mike it's so easy, it's jut a left hand layup!   


 without you in my life I would struggle    (Cutting , often ironic remark intended to wound)


You know what is great for a headache, three little boys with laser guns. 


No, meeting in the dark with the doors closed before I get to work does not make me think I am getting fired. Again.  


 lol I forgot the  but it WILL be my bitch!


 I'd send Iran those coodinates for free...


  Yes, because we Americans always do everything the correct way.  


I love when people are  It really make my day to deal with  


Rushing through legislation is always a good thing.   


Kobe is supposed to miss 6 weeks. I bet he makes a miraculous comeback in 5 weeks and 6 days. Cause he's super-human 


I really freakin live being left out it's like getting stabbed in the heart without anybody thinking anything of it.   


VR TENGA is making the rounds. That is it... Oculus Rift is the future! 


12 yards for a first and we throw 2 yards! Awesome play calling Bevell! Especially after running on 1st and 2nd down!  


 And at such reasonable prices... I just can't believe how they cut the cost and maintained the quality  


This is gonna be such a good weekend  


All of this is really sad... I hope you guys feel great about yourselves.  


 God forbid Obama brokers a deal with a former enemy...WHUT BOUT OBUMMERCARE?   


Still no  multiplayer :O Worthless update! Hmph. 


 over rated... 12 inch thighs 24 inch arms  


If you're gonna change the plans you should let me know before hand and not when I get here  


Western Black Rhino declared extinct. Good job humans!  


Oh, so you make rude status &amp; tweets about people without mentioning them? You are so blunt and ruthless.  


My favorite ride at disneyland is going up &amp; around while we try to find parking.  


I love seeing the 20 selfies you post each day.  One more? 


Lol being ignored by your family is the absolute best feeling ever.  


I'm gonna be stuck in my house all day again tomorrow really excited 


I have a very kind heart, but my mouth is kind of an asshole.     


Bo Bo is an awesome coach and a class act!   his brother is cool too 


Love the fact that I have taken 3 tests this week and no grades have been posted  


Idk if I even wanna perform for the school again. Shout out to  and Jamey and their awesome friends 


Freezing temperatures, avalanche, broken bones, head injuries and more. Oh yeah, skiing sounds like so much fun! 


Oh cool you can take that phone call and stay on it for 15 minutes.... Thanks you're the best advisor 


The idiosyncratic packing methods of the staff at my local supermarket are a constant source of inspiration. 


 Thanks Giant Eagle for everything you did for your employees working  today. Glad you are thankful for us 


Lillared vs Rose for the first time ever. Not on espn  


this day just keeps getting better and better 


 I think Venda would suit. .I mean something outta the box. .


Tim Daley is bisexual? Who would have EVER thought...  


Yeppp prune your childs hair for lice in a sealed carriage. 


A 13 fold accumulator at odds of 119/1, cheers for those brilliant odds Skybet 


Now the packer fans come out once they have the lead. True fans there 


Guess what I am NOT doing?! Not at the JT concert. I'm so excited I can barely contain myself.  


Wanna know what makes FTP workouts even awesomer? Snow, ice, &amp; temps in the teens.    am totally not excited about my date with  and  on Sunday. 


 One day on mercury lasts about 1,408 hours. The same as one Monday in Earth. 


So stoked to be working Christmas Eve and day!!!!     


Gonna be lookin' so business-like tomorrow for my business plan presentation. Too bad I'm still sick &gt;.&lt;  


You ever need to find something out about school? Go on Facebook, answers to evrythng. Like Geez I didnt know we had a 3 hour delay 


can't wait for everyone on twitter to call taylor a slut when she performs seriously my favorite thing people ever do 


 ARE YOU RUNNING FROM THE POLICE? If so just ask for your lawyer, don't say anything else. 


 oh no no no, these are honorable congressmen with only public service on their minds 


Well Monday was a great start to what looks to be a cracking week 


  what ? I thought the barmy army were the only people that went to cricket! Surely without them, there is no cricket! 


Thanks  for making my Android app look as much like iOS 7 as possible. 


Best Way To End The Year Is With A Stomach Bug. 


Well this turned out to be a great weekend. 


Cuz org has been so predictable so far w this injury  RT- "   no chance he plays in bears game


  Hmmm..Cam's not smart because of his Wonderlick score &amp; his dad's actions. Gotta love that Staysniak logic! 


 Didn't you hear? Rosa Parks ended racism...     Them ever loyal Utd fans will stick by him &amp; give him time to get it right coz they're not fickle at all.


 good thing the oilers have all that "skill" in the line up! They will never get pushed around or lose a game. 


Can tell it's well and truly winter. Chapped lips, dry hands and chilblains are back!  


I think celebrities are the only human beings capable of acting,singing,writing,dancing and presenting shows as their job. 


     Yes, universal care has been an unmitigated disaster for the rest of the world. 


Goodmorning  to the work without any sleep  


Just doing some quick reading before tonight!       tomorrow, my last set of exams as a junior will begin. Exams are so much fun.  Well, Time to procrastinate :) 


 I have my company holiday party. Hooray for me. 


Great train system we have in beautiful Melbourne! 


I completely trust him...   " Mayor Rob Ford says new allegations are 'an outright lie'  to drive back home in this weather! 


So far today at work I've been hit, kicked, and puked on  


At least I have plans for New Year's Eve tomorrow 


Congrats to dook on beating 1-5 Vermont by 1 point on a free throw from a horrible call.  


Home at last been shopping with my lovely mummy 


"is your hair wet?" 
It's just greasy you asshole. Thanks, ya really know how to brighten my mood.  


Smallest. Avacado. Ever. Reasons why I live in    young white men are always being objectified. It's like we're just pieces of meat! 


Sleeping dad with baby is the most unique photo on Earth. 


Alabama fans will be calling for saban's head. No way they let you lose two in a row. 


After that last interview, I just can't wait to read Dries interview w/ Zap2It tomorrow. 


I forgot that it's okay to ignore your friends once you're in a relationship or interested in someone.  


Let the traditional Christmas Day activities commence.  


 haha. Thanks man! It's actually kinda chilly down here! High of 40 today.  


writing sorry at the bottom of your math test 


I spent a lovely Sunday evening at the hospital 


"  love you brother. 
 " IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!!  Hahahah 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Gosh, and I get to celebrate with a colonoscopy &amp; possible diagnosis Monday. The fun really never stops. Aaand 


wow. it's only 9am and I already ruined my favorite jeans.... it's gonna be a great day. 


Who doesn't like waking up at 4am? Right?  


Thought it was suppose to be cold tonight?!  Pshhh. 


Okay... So  doesn't want to see  LET'S ALL FREAK OUT LIKE CRAZY PEOPLE  


.   OMG  like BestBuy, Walmart, Amazon &amp; Target really need help!  


"I think the internet is sick." &lt;&lt;&lt; Chris's comment re: lagging Netflix. Glad I married an IT nerd... 


So to whom do you complain when  doesn't let you flag an abusive post?     just LOVE the itching/peeling phase of a new tat  


 by exec order, reallocate $ till young folks see error of their ways. Who wouldn't want better, more affordable care? 


 I know. My final tomorrow will go smooth I'm sure... 


Big thanks to  for making a lulu on my phone... not!  


Atleast everyone's not at the diner right now! 


Well that wasn't predictable at all   


  hahaha munters? I was joking cause I've got round to trying it with anyone in a club remember. Ha ha 


  say what?  was inaccurate about something? Im shocked! 


Date for a month. Maybe nothing, but means something if you wasted money on a dress. Thanks so much Devin, you were great. 


Just got saved in the bathroom at mcdonalds.     United for removing my reservation on the way home.  Love the customer service and great attitude.   


 did they fire capers at half or something? 


I just love it when things just magically disappear and I just had that specific item 3 seconds ago . 


Way to represent Texas, Baylor, and OSU.  Freaking clowns.


Great result for England's women's hockey team: expect 2 see it all over  this week w newfound commitment 2  


 yea it looked pretty close there didnt it  he needs sum one to show his potential soon 


"I hope you die a slow painful death."
Well aren't you a nice person. 


   and one more for the road     Yeah, im usually willing to spend 350m when my friends beg me to aswell. 


I seriously can't get over the previews for the next episodes of  Thank goodness I don't have to wait FOREVER. 


I like how I only get likes on pictures that aren't of me on instagram... Doesn't make me feel ugly at all... 


drinking with the worst headache ever was a really great idea 


 how does a TAX make ANYONE'S life Better except for the Tax Collector that is    


!!! RT  School is closed for tomorrow. Wonder why?   sir, I don't drink. I just intravenously inject heroin on a daily basis.  


The contract signing is gonna go well. Yep, nothing bad is gonna happen. Nothing. At. All...   


 yehhhh of course it was  serious that would look so much better!! 


  Yes, because Gandhi was an evil bastard... ;o) 


Huh, I got a reply from and a retweet from the "celebs" on here... Over a year ago. Whoops.  


  oh yeah totally. So awesome! Yeah soccer! 


Good ole JCJC wifi. Always working when you need it to. 


I'm already in a bad mood. Today should be great.  


Not a single Speedy Ortiz song in your top 100,  At least there are two Kanye songs there. 


Great.  RT  Cowboys-Eagles will be flexed to prime time next Sunday night, per NFL official.


X-Ray and minor injuries at the New Vic and now over at A+E in the old Victoria. Me and my Granny are having a fantastic day out!! 


2 and a half hours of MATH TOMORROW WOOOHOOO wala english...hahaha 


Oh wow. Another problem with my car. Didn't see that coming 


The fact that seniority still exists in high school upsets me deeply. What are we, a slave in colonial period or something? 


Talks of Regret  Convo before getting home 


The screeners are doing a GREAT job of weeding out the dirty tweeters.   


When people take what I say to literally in my texts    


 Joe Buck sounded so excited that the Cowboys won. 


S/O to my brother for leaving me to shop by myself tomorrow. You're a real good one 


Couldn't have not happen to a nicer guy.    and  smiles tonight. 


My legs hurt so bad I said kill me so my sister came up as cut me with a knife... I'm bleeding now.  


Ax men show is definitely not rigged at all 


 haha actually it looks as though Josh is bored! 


This video goes out to my future wife.   alone and smoking a $12 dollar cigar. Life is wonderful. 


 at least they're spending money?  


My family is number one at answering phones and Christmas plans 


Missing out on a good time with my boys&gt;&gt;&gt;      


I love the new twitter because I accidentally follow so many new people! 


So I can laugh in your ace about how wrong you are obv. 


I wish I could go home and start my break but I have a highly important job that I must go to   


Family is much more important than friends. Yes, but my friends whom always there for me 


I repeat: it's a good thing the Jets replaced Sanchez, given how many turnovers he generated, right? 


Heading 2 Optimist game 2 meet with the media, walk the Red carpet I'm a Business man  it's all about me 


 sorry I shoulda out this in there  lol


Oh, you drink diet soda? You must be so healthy.   ,This is suchh a new 
Year's eve to remember c;
-.-t 


 in the new websters dictionary "twitter sarcasm" is robin lundberg! You're great! 


1 hour early for class. Gonna be a great semester. 


4 hours of sleep in two days... I feel lovely!!.  


Who else is excited for another five or six months of  winter? 


...embracing the culture of the land you live on is really doing well! 


Of course, I take my   just like you take your  seriously ..... or not, yeah,  .....


At least it's busy at Shrimpers right now!!  


Now to engage in my resolution to eat fewer animal products by eating a pint of Coconut Bliss salted caramel ice cream. UGH SO HARD 


 I could come give you a Russian leg sweep ;p 


 (page filled with ..aliyaaa.. tweets) and says that she doesn't tweet. 


Boy am I glad I didn't start these three guys    running out there best referee today. Jeff Triplette has done a great job this year! 


Good turn out but a tough crowd to please tonight   your mate was the bollox  :)


 I don't see how the falcons could be so bad on def. playmakers galore!


Nice to see Green Bay doing so well against the run 


So I walked into the managers office and saw the nice annonomus note I wrote hung up on the wall  


  Yeah, because the  knows all about good HR practices. 


Sounds fair  RT  BCS championship 92,000 seats x $800 per ticket = $73,600,000 and the athletes get how much? $0


; I just love fighting with you about the same thing I fought with fuckboy about. It just makes my day.! O_o
 


I've gotten through 3 seasons in the time it's taken my dad to get through 3 episodes lawl. What a loser.   


"  have a 4-yr agreement with Curtis Granderson, the Post has learned" WS here we come!  


ABC Store parking lot is packed. On New Years Eve?  Didn't expect that. 


 got get the insurance co's to stop sabotaging Obamacare by sending out cancellation notices 


Couldn't think of a better way to spend my Saturday night than doing a project that's due tonight 


Yaaaay for 3 hour delays. The best part is I have to be up early for a final tomorrow.  


 Say 2 Hail Yzerman's and 3 Hail Howe's and you will be forgiven.  


Everybody looks so pretty in their pictures of the temperature this morning  


Studying all night for finals is awesome   


Terrible offense in this big ten champions, in the sec they have great offenses that always score. 


 Where can I send my wedding gift? Are they registered at Bed, Bath, &amp; Beyond? 


Vote for your favorite FEMALE athlete of the year.. bc a woman couldn't possibly just be Athlete of the Year  


And yet again a beautiful day in Le Havre       we now our gay apparel; hark the ancient Yuletide carol.      


 newsflash: study finds daily long-term use of sugar cause chronic health issues. 


In India, sarcasm is like a western toilet seat. Half of the Indian homes are yet to get it. 


Flight attendant:"got room for a guitar?"...guess where I'm headed... 


Wish somebody would've warned me about how cold it was outside before I attempted to shovel.   


 they just need their line time to gel. 


Great piece about the spying scandal and the morons who are doing the PR for the US:     


It's fun when shows I don't watch have plot twists I don't approve of.  It makes me feel righteous. 


. -GOP/RNC is doing same thing as in 2008/2012 &amp;expecting diff result. Hold debates/primaries &amp; divide conservs!  


Wow I mean there's just so many people here to see 47 Ronin. 


Yes, wearing a hat that says 4:20 on it and a weed leaf is VERY cool.  


daniela jamaix term is please stop it crazy daniela jamaix this Fat daniela jamaix wing dope addict  critics are just not worry


Love when the visibility is so bad you cant see the person infront of you     tonight watching these kids with my mom. Just what I love to do.  


Your Compulsive Need To Correct Everyone Has Finally Resulted In Becoming Universally Beloved.    


You know that feeling of not being trusted! Oh how i love that feeling 


I love Christmas! So much food &amp; family &amp; presents! I love the holidays! Yay! 
Yeah no.   RT  Brady left too much time for Tannehill. 


 yes because what would I do without you 


 Good call their mate. I could see how Paulinho and Sandro utterly dominated Fernandinho. 


lol thank you Mr. Branch &amp; Mrs. Maynard for your concern of my wreck in school holler this morning   


Tyler and I have gotten into a new hobby of playing video games. I'm really good at letting him win. 


Thanks Salisbury for having all these computer labs and only open 2 of them. Woop... 


 with a massive 7,000 members you'd have thought the Nat.Secular society would be entitle to more media attention 


Based on my proprietary new Price/Bitcoin stock analysis model, I've concluded $AAPL is fairly valued with a P/BC ratio of 1.4. 


Apparently, Justice Sotomayor is a right-wing extremist who hates women.     recall Hunt for OKCBarons. Now there's a solution to the weakest defence in the League. 


 Here's what 5  tech experts expect 2014 to bring:  an insightful article 


Love how people I don't even know likes to get in my business! 


 wild and wet in west Kerry...returning today to  


 okay I'll come make you dessert and some sandwiches 


 Oh no! Knicks game last night, Rangers tonight. Trade him. 


 My weeknights have become so uneventful that I need something to occupy the time  actually because RU is paying for it


  Oh you mean this one, yeah I love vegetables and leftovers   there's nothing better than studying     one saw that coming   Target Sued for Data Breach  


I absolutely love when my car stalls in the middle of my monstrous driveway and refuses to start 


Well now that i had that triple chunk brownie i can stay up late to study for bio!!!  


It's been a bad day, to end a bad week of an even worse year..  


I might get really crazy today and have some juice instead of water.  


Yep. Got stuck just pulling out of our driveway. In out out all wheel drive SUV. Go  and your snow removal 


Nothing beats waking up with a UTI on Monday.... 


I love how I can't see which NFL game is going to be aired at 1:00 on Fox.  


Sky Go wrecking my head. Had 2 restore my iPad and now it's not working because my limit for the month has been reached -_- Thanks! 


  THANK YOU for lots of pain, a swollen knee and an urgent care visit today.    hoping nothing is torn!


Now it's time for the REAL game...Tennessee at Kentucky! Who cares about Auburn and Bama? 


awesome that our no. 1 QB is back in the game 


In case you fans didn't hear, it's all Howard's fault.   


 Salt water kills brain cells. That's real science. 


Jacob went to sleep and I'm left with no one to talk to...great 


 your updates have been wonderful you're so detailed.  


Im really glad im still up doing my gov essay....   


I like how  tracking says my package is not found until after I have already received it. 


 beautiful 40 degrees and cloudy!    


 I know! I wanna make sure I don't miss any posts either! 


Just what 50 needed between Alafaya and 408... ANOTHER traffic light 


Oh great, let's put Matt Millen on tv and get his opinion on all of this Bill O'Brien stuff. That will help.  


Harassing people over the internet. Whoa, badass alert. 


Yes, keep throwing it! Don't run the clock down! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Classy.

 have been summed up in a tweet, but ....


Oh boy I can't wait to get my Irish essay back tomorrow :L 


Sohail khan looks amazing, let's sign this good looking khan as host with a condition no resemblance with salman  


I'm sick and am about to throw up but yes I can still go to practice   


Has practicing maths been always this  fun?           


it feels great to wake up in the morning to a sore throat 


Bob Stoops is always talking shit about the SEC. Yeah, like the Big 12 is even better. 


Failing my theory test after fuck loads of revision was one of the best things to happen this week, yay 


I love how I wasn't told that there wasn't   practice this morning. 


So excited for Gardner to be back next year  ...unless they decide to try him out again at WR


When you talk behind my back please remember theres only an ass there..
  


5 minutes to get to college this is defo happening 


Thank goodness for fitness social networking accounts. I mean what would I do without that motivation..  


Yay for music changes 15 minutes before the show. That's always the best 


 I love that Dwight went from Superstar to not even being mentioned in the game highlights. Good decision Dwight 


Oh goody my mom is home early from work  


I should have one lovely lookin bruise on my arm in the next day or so. Good thing I don't have to look nice for work or anything 


 And I could fuck Tyler on the couch.   


     

Haha, you don't get  do you?

 


Most fluent in  and  ... yeah I'm an ass hole   so is  Obviously they didn't go for it on 4th &amp; 1 because they didn't have Reynaud to ram up the middle. 


Man, they sure did a great job plowing Skinker. 


If you wonder why I'm unleashing my rage on twitter let me tell you this is absolutely not aimed to anyone   


I agree with Ortiz. Let's just allow Andre Dawson to select the MVP from now on.   


  if you're out and about in uptown don't hit on my girlfriend...SHES MINE!  


You know what this chic outfit is missing? Yep, a little  Apparently the accessory of the winter season.  


 maybe we should go in a different direction? 


 Not surprised. Most  think the war is over &amp; all is well bc that's what o promised and we know how truthful he is. 


Didn't fall asleep til 4ish and then had nightmares about a serial killer. So as you can imagine I look pretty spectacular today. 


 in Liverpool doing no coursework because I have no coursework to do 


Last week of school and I'm getting sick just great 


Me: can I ask you out?
Girl : offcourse !
Me : Get out then ;)
 
  


i mean i guess you can treat me like , its totally cool. 


Creepiness in a sticker:      


  hahaha I'm kidding I know what it is...  


 lol I forgot the " at the end of that


Fresh out the shower, and ready to head to Billings.     reason I'm still wearing maternity leggings at 8 weeks postpartum is I love them so much and they're so super cute.  


Good thing Wings brought back Cleary. No way they could have known how awful he was going to be.   


I love how Lana Del Rey's music is the background music for a commercial   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 trusting you don't have a heat stroke in the heat of that auditorium.  - 


How generous of them.  "Time Warner Cable Sports Channel will televise seven  regular season games"  Lost by 100+. Add in my bench it's still 60+. I feel I should blame you for making me play A. Brown over R. Bush 


 Georgia Southern selling "We Want Bama" t- shirts.  


Charlton signing Standard Lige players already? Didn't expect that at all, no not at all 


 mentioning too many times  is No1 ranked time in ODIs ., Is that 


Spending my boxing day night down carps what has my life come to yayyyy 


If you extend UI, you do the long term unemployed a "disservice" like letting them eat, stay warm &amp; avoid homelessness  


Gee can't tell this was written by a former coach.   again nice to know anyone in the UK has no chance of getting these unless they're an insomniac.  Thanks a lot! 


  it had to be done I had to show you and it couldn't wait!


Looking forward to my phone dying today &amp; I have no charger, it's only 11.. 


 it's not even close to pornographic. Look at those runes on her fully nude body. Clearly harmless "fantasy". 


I am just loving this weather!      considering the unfollow   didn't you know by now that you can't criticize any coach/player? 


Home from a crappy day at work to find my computer with all my stuff I need for my career is not turning on...  


What a great atmosphere for the B1G hockey kickoff   


2:00am wide awake and bored as shit. Sick ass winter break dog. 


Now I'm minding my brother for the night just great 


I love being reminded of those great memories  


Thanks  ,  and  for stopping  and  from waking me up.  


 hey, did you know that JT played basketball? 


Johnny Evans is probably one of the best defenders we've had in a very long time    


WOW I love it when my computer shuts off while I'm in the middle of some really important school work. 


I love how my "friends" invite me to hang out with them 


Finish this homework or sleep ?? Yeah that'll be a hard decision  


Oh how I love being woken up at 9:00 in the morning by screaming children. 


Is a ginger molasses  the right food to eat after a workout?  


 Really wish the Knicks game wasn't blacked out so I could see them lose by 20  where is it blacked out???


Attention all: I'm conducting a very official and fancy Christmas quiz... 


What drink do you prefer when youre thirsty?  Water cause I'm just so healthy   pretzels, spilling yeast, getting butter on myself &amp; not eating. What an awesome day. 


dude i love auto correct always changing my words. so great :) 


   because it's twitter, it's what I do. 


I've been off twitter for over a year and come back to only 33 followers. LOL It's good to be loved 


My 1st table stiffed me and my 2nd didn't pay. Safe to say I'm having another fantastic night at ocharleys!   


Embracing my winter wonderland.        Alarm set for 3:15am, love Christmas.   


Oh, great, Miz/Kofi for the 4th week in a row.  


Working right now is about to be so bangin 


 California is openminded? REALLY? Is that why CA enforced the ban on same-sex marriage that the people voted for? 


 what's up John , cat got your tongue or are you to busy with your ugly wee Hun daughter , we don't do walking away  eh


Off to a professional development meeting on FIP.  It's going to be fippin' awesome! 


My fianc is so, so sweet.    


Kanye just being a class act  as usual.   
 


Findind out you have no one is the best feeling in the world   


I firmly believe that if you make a joke that no one laughs at you should just continually yell it until someone laughs. 


My ma and my sister both told me I was heavy today. I am soo thankful for their honesty. 


Tweaked my ankle really bad at the park, might have even twisted it.... Great way to start the christmas break. 


   Hurray to the Cobb County Braves!  


All that motivation I didn't have for finals makes moving out so much easier...  


It's painful how many morons live among us...      


Put my laundry in, then my detergent... Annnnddddd the card swiper thingy isn't working... Cooooool  


Glad Stephanie Vigil realized it was Thursday, and not Wednesday...gotta love KHQ news. 


I love when Twitter tells me I have a notification, but doesn't tell me what it is.  


 hahahahahah! Love that you always try to see the best out of some people! These guys would be a good catch lol 


Coming home to that text made me feel great 


 dude like not even you steph or karina remembered lol it wass so sad &amp; I even tweeted "Thanks for all the bdays wishes 


Just as well I didnt wanna sleep... not like im exhausted...  


Some of us just have the greatest service at our houses   


Does this mean we should outlaw reporters? YES!   so happy my dad decided it would be a good idea to snowblow the driveway at 6am. ESP considering he has nowhere to be  


Just watched some guy propose to his gf outside of Ashley home furniture....  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


My big sister and me doing what we do best... Being serious.     bet it'd be impossible to find a gif of that, because Seattle is so behind in the tech industry, &amp; we're all dumb. 




When he doesn't need you to be calm at all. When he wants to be alone rather to talk bout it    Saigon got some Drake in him how adorable ^__^  


Wow! What a result in the  Didn't see that coming!!   


Rejected Culture Groups for Amy Chua's controversial new book "Triple Package"  via  


 o man watch out such a rebel here ladies and gents 


Oh, I'm so surprised that men and women have different sexual regrets, considering the way we're socialized.  


. - clearly your trial. What's this Doodnaught case you're talking about? 


oh it is just TOO funny everytime someone's facebook gets "hacked" and a status gets posted about how gay they are. yupp, hilarious 


    Exactly (I forgot to add  to my tweet)


What a day =). It's fun you know to see the whole twitter talking about CF. 


 u could make the same argumnt bout shareholders. Y should they get paid. They don't even wrk there. 


I'm sure the first thing a new $MSFT CEO (Mullaly?) will do is to ask Nomura for their advice on how to turn around the business 


Tosh.o is ripping dj's in the ass right now. He is too funny. 


I ate too much...luckily I have one skinny wrap left...in 45 minutes it will be like I never over ate... 


spending my Sunday night with SAS. Such good company. 


Incredibly excited to be working outside today with only a pair of pantyhose covering my legs under a short skirt!!  


You tweet a lot, your not a boring Becky at all 


 wind chill is -14 in Worcester, MA where i am right now. not so bad (  midwest states getting worst of it.


So glad to know my friends have missed me.
  


Maybe for attention?  RT  Khloe Kardashian appears to be topless in her latest Instagram photo  David Stern boot the  out of the  while I slept? 


Jenas off, krancjaer on    


'Lift is out of service'... Walking up 9 lots of stairs, with bags of shopping, after a 12.5 hour shift, is exactly what I needed  


Let's hope this coming year turns out better than I anticipate.
    thing I'm currently on crutches and have to work later.. 


Goodness I look SO good after I work out.  


Writing my damn paper is going sooooooooooo well 


   Yeah, why don't you make yourself deliberately more vulnerable &amp; open to harassment? 


I love it when we read a line of Hamlet and then the english teacher repeats it with different inflection 


I thought it was pretty funny.     The mean team.  RT  Eagle fans are booing Lewis while he's on the ground?  


I'm so caring towards my friends

 One Direction


 absolutely incredible .first ive ever seen a smoke bomb ..awesome ..keep up the great work kids 


Shari's mints taste like erasers   


What a huge surprise - Luke Friend was the first to go ...
 


.   What a terrible way 2 decide a  game; they shouldn't call muffed punts in OT 


No mochas or cappuccinos in the work vending machine, OH, THIS day just got even better .... 


   Why all this unfair Pharisee bashing? 


Boarding  &amp; you'll never guess what happened...Maintenance Delay. Never saw that coming!   


Oh so it's gonna be one of those nights.  


Do I care about Women's Olympic team.  BTW, is Phil Kessel going to be on the Men's team?    


Really, I didn't know it's cold outside...      I dropped off the face of the twitter world. I've made the decision to come back. I know everyone is dying to hear from me. 


How to  about  the lessons of    and  | Siri Srinivas  'The internet too...'


Four test in the next two days. I'm soooooo stoked. 


 Clearly A LOT of thought went into writing the script: view intro.  


 I wonder if you should do Battlefield 4 for a rage quit  Sometimes that game sucks donkey shit through a straw 


Oh I just love hearing your entire very loud phone conversion! I don't know why doors were invented. 



Trust me when i say, we nepalese will be so used to the dark that our eyes will evolve to see at night.

 


Just now realized  won the cup... Thanks for the update twitter 


 stupid f'n trade.  Holland was one of our best prospects and we get nothing in return.  Nice job Murray 


Like I floated last month... Windsor only needs one hospital, so why not one fire station?!?    said happy holidays to me today, it's Christmas, get it right or pay the price.   


seriously Indian guy that just walked in my cube, DO YOU NOT SMELL YOURSELF?!?! Thanks for comin bye RIGHT after you did Yoga 


Oh, so you go to parties every weekend? Really? That's cute. 


this is such an awesome non-hectic week to have a basketball tournament and miss two days of school!!!!! so not stressed!!! 


. is thrilled to hear that  is in  tonight. There would be less  if  made an appearance!


 bro add us  Yeah...that is just what this locker room needs! 


Eating breakfast by myself was sooo much fun!  


Because, you know, all trumpets have an embouchure plate... 


 *sigh* it'd be cool if the  did a lot of things...but I am excited about all this "young talent"!...


 I have to say you have the best followers ever!  


I love when it's a squat day and a few hours later you can barely make it up the stairs 


 uhh, you do realize that those kisses weren't for you, right? 


I love school so much, what would I do without it. 


50 temperature drop from today to tomorrow in NE Nebraska - yippee! 


  you sure you're allowed to say that still? Don't you hate Galesburg?  


   analytical is up! Only 17 problems! 


 what about moulson? i mean if he was on the team they would be unstoppable 


. How dare you ask all those tough questions of that nice man! He just wants to help.    


Me: what do u want for christmas?
Friend:..................................................
Me:Ohh damnn,  that is way to much 


Doing absolutely nothing for NYE   


Pls pin one more ring to your pinterest now that you just got a bf.. 


Delayed going back to Kingston   , one more day in calgs :)


my first  upload i did of lil bro playin  cuz he so "skilled"      got hit on by a bunch of14 year olds. Livin' the life 


 Sorry about your buckeyes buddy, but at least you've got your Cleveland sports to pull u back up. 


 the lovely, greasy,  smelly life of a mechanic. 


Wildcat play ran 2x straight successfully, awesome defense. 


why didn't someone try to use their leg to pry it free? 


 yeah, sure, and Dr. Oz magic weight loss potions work easy, too. 


Aa, cut it out Neo! "  the way its so in my face though......


Sanjay dutt says "Dear sir, as my wife is  suffering from fever, release me from jail"  


Can watch now but it's lagging~ Well, I'll be really patient, don't you worry. ^^ 


Me: "Are you checking to see if it's snowing outside?"
Danette: "No I'm looking at the blinds to see what color they are..." 


 Omgosh. Your boyfriend isn't texting you back? Your life seriously sucks and it probably couldn't get any worse. 


 : Because beating the hell
out of people is illegal.


. Because nothing says sexy like finals on Monday.  


Thank guys for tellin us that there's 10 more minutes. I can read time too!! 


Enjoying the morning commute as tonight should be a joyful experience at PABT and on NJ Transit   


 best class ever! it really makes me want to take lit next year!!
   


Thanks dad...its always a great time talking with you 


I speak 4 languages: English, Profanity,  and Real shit.


 EXCEPT WIN GAMES AGAINST GOOD TEAMS WITH NO SUPPORT AROUND HIM! YEAH YOUR RIGHT, THANK YOU FOR ENLIGHTENING ME  


So excited to get up early tomorrow morning to go sit in a freezing classroom full of strangers for six and a half hours 


So excited to drive back to Franklin tonight after I get out of work  


I just love pulling ur calf muscle...nothing more exciting really! 


Im wearing my snowflake pj pants tomorrow to school so be prepared because i look pretty attractive when i dont care  



 Don't know how you keep your gob shut in the Pools Dugout At the 4 officials ! 


With 4,5 hours of sleep going to work. This is going to be a good day! 


I go to   4 the crowded beaches.  -  time is around the corner can't wait  I sure hope my fam bought enough bread and milk   what's it matter, I'll be at work the ENTIRE time anyways


Keep using 6 different machines, pops. It's working for you. 


I'm looking really good in my snapchats tonight 


Sure dad, let's have a long convo abt your glory days,saints game, ect. I don't have anything to do  


 you're such the optimist!   


i hope to have over 2k followers one day. its my dream. 


As Len Dawson would say...That pass hit Donnie Avery in a bad spot...RIGHT IN HIS HANDS!   


The Heisman winning quarterback is doing so great!    


Look at all this Democracy in Libya, Iraq, and Bahrain that the U.S. and NATO has brought to them... 


 No, it's awful. You should have your internets banned and locked up.  Let me read it and then I'll share it.


  I rang them, they said there's no fault in the area..   


 that's a relief - a parking space is a MUCH more sensible reason to stab someone than a silly football game 


Haha I love how many people want to hang out today 


Oooh such a hipster. Give yourself a high-five for this great achievement. 


 obviously their settlement hasn't received enough funds to buy them paper so they needed a wall but not theirs. 


Don't force me to put  for my last tweet. It's a given


 I didn't wanna work thanksgiving but I guess six in the morning is better 


 thanks for sending that snapchat Btw.... 


     It's a big rock can't wait 2 tell my friend...   hahahahahaha I meant hereward was an upgrade from heaven dumbass 


My brother's going to see arsenal vs Cardiff at the emirates today.. Not even jealous 


I'm pretty excited to leave the warmth and comfort of my home in this weather. 


Terrific terrific result for us. Fantastic. 


I love nothing more than a freezing cold shower in the middle of winter 


Thanks Holly for texting me what the boys want. I knew I could count on u   


Shoulda told him 'I'll start with you' HaHa "  ''You Know You Wanna!'', My Stepdad Said.  


Glad to hear Lily's here on this fine Christmas eve.  


 yeah well. Workplace sexual harassment needs to be defeated comprehensively right now. 


 They are the 2 time defending afc south champs! They can criticize fans. Hell, they almost clinched home field! 


I'm really glad the  waived Tropp so I can keep watching Ellis, Porter, and Scott 


I am so over joyed that I went to class today 


Up at 5am on a Sunday to work....gotta love the holidays.  


 Steve Smith said the same thing when he came to work out here this summer. Glad they listened, not like hes a HOF. 


  ...beware of  hiding behind many a harmless looking tweet..... ;-)


It's completely healthy to be in a relationship where both parties cheat on each other   


My favorite month wouldn't be complete if I didn't end this year without getting my wisdom teeth out on New Year's Eve. 


 idk you definitely remind me more of barb 


  Really? We're all being spied on?! No - I don't believe it!   spies,lies,deception,secrecy.What next??


The struggle of being an RA in a building with possibly 3 residents....    


I love it when I almost get bucked off Oakley  


 He and Grabo were overpaid 3rd-liners that could only be successful under Ron Wilson. 


And this monday just got even better....  


SUUUUUUURE.  "   you mean "thumbs up," right?


Seriously? Gas drops $0.01 after I just got it! That's not annoying. 


Hahaha. QT" does every tweet with sarcasm need to be hastagged  here?"


Well it certainly took a shocking twist into tory propaganda. Never saw that one coming  


Love being told what can and can not be said. 


 : how do u get  for a  before yor movie is released to theater 


Quick everyone. Let's run to the store before the storm hits *palm face* 


Just trying to watch a movie... Nope party going on downstairs with music I can hear every word to  


It's reassuring to know how much you care about me. 


Yay NO more work till after the 1st of the yr! 


 might be amused.  Five Things Kanye West Is Better At Than You |   then  wonder why videogaming is totally seen by the media as a legitimate pastime 


On a positive note, at least I started the  DEF on my fantasy team.    


  kinda like the shit we heard from them before hagel was nominated, quite the anti israel guy he turned out to be 


Maybe I write a letter to Nico "The awesome Nico, Monaco", he'll get it. Monaco is smaller than Brussels after all 


 ill grow it out again whenever I have a chance 


Who would have though O'Charleys would be this full at lunch 


Everyone is mad at Amy chua for  writing a book about how some cultural groups are superior....Nigerians made the cut. So Idgaf. 


That frustrating moment when you know exactly what something means in your head, but not how to explain it.


(Tweeting from wrong twitter accounts -  


"The broncos are doing so good," said 1998....      


Bowl selection committee def got this game right. Top 10 team vs unranked. 


Oh, Lifestyles of the Rich &amp; Famous, Rolling Stone is really going for obscure minutia now. No way people under 30 would know this 


 Holy! Cow What makes  think it's fair for you to follow  


 oh no, BBN going to change that around to make it look like you're hating them. 


 great job with your customer service. 14 people In line and one teller.   


Please keep giving the ball to Reggie bush because he's doing so good. 


Well... That was a disappointing win. Hogue only got 16 rebounds and we only scored 99.  


Man, that 45 minutes of sleep last night was totally refreshing.  


" Bout to break into my house.. Fun!  Same! &gt;:/


Love when people stay in the store after the whole mall closes for a personal shopping experience    


The day just gets better and better  ........least next week to look forward to 


 right? I am struggling with this as well. it was nice of him to let the staff know ahead of time. wasn't it? 


Forgot my wallet at home so now I can't buy lunch... Today is shaping up to be a great day 


 thank baby Jesus you've appreciated the  of that tweet.


Just keep head butting me Ryleigh.. I love it. 


Telling people to buy your product is always a great way to go about things 


.  not at all, totally different situations. 1's a provincial gov't, 1's federal..    


I guess it is ignore jordan day.... Let us keep it going. 


     He should be driving the bus but he wasn't told about it so he just didn't know what to do. 


I LOVE DOING HOMEWORK when i don't want too......  I LOVE HOMEWORK without the work part.


Everybody was right about that one. Cooool . Yes I love love love getting fucked over  


Jordan &amp; I realizing that we were/are the greatest employees at Osh Kosh  &gt;&gt;


Thank you for telling me that I have a mustache... I didn't even realize it was there... 


Oh how I've missed running in Capetonian wind. 


she has more of the ugly genes when it comes to  
dwells in a world of percussion !
I present.. 
 

  :D


Eish yOu've got to love spelling errors never mind autospell 


There r no   that's jz how u  sumtyms.. ;) :D



The fact that I don't get off till 10:00pm tomorrow night then I have to be back at work at 7:00 Friday morning. This will be fun 


I'm just ready for Christmas break now. Literally taking forever. Sure go ahead and take your sweet time. 


I love when ulsecure doesn't work. Just really makes day  


I'm surprised Ohio State isnt ready for this game with that Brutally hard schedule they play..... 


 people's word means everything these days! 


Love how every decision in life is easy...... 


I almost just spent a ton of money on  good thing every retailer's website keeps crashing.  -_-


Nothing like showing up early to school and then having to sit in study hall.    


Hahah she is trying to make me jealous xD. 
And am sooo damn Jealous AHHHHH. NOOO :-P 


  Here you deserve a cookie  I'm just gonna be nice on this one!  


Did someone just shut a door on my face?   


BJP invites B S Yeddyurappa back into party,
Yeddyurappa announces decision to merge his KJP
with BJP
 


   Nice that his finger is near the trigger. So non threatening. 


 It was a joke, I'm not really going to be a meteorologist. 


 FOX's Troy Aikman and Joe Buck will call the  game vs.  on Sunday. yay 


Seeing by the tweets it looks like a lot a people are have an eventful Friday night 


Well Team USA got lucky with their group for the World Cup!  


 Makes perfect sense the party of "law &amp; order" is pro anarchy.  Cherry pick which laws apply to them. 


Thanks  I definitely wanted my flight to get canceled two hours before departure   


No, I didn't set up in front of the mirror to watch my form. Please stand right in front of me.  


Daripada nonton film porno, mending nonton film Hollywood yg ratting-nya NC-17. Porno cuma seks, film hollywood pake "Art". 


Looks like FSU is looking past Auburn and ahead to OSU.    Championship


They complain of biasedness, they watch the biased show, they vote so their favorite can win the "biased show". R u serious?   


  cutler as a bear for 7 more years. Being a packers fan I am very scared! 


Lol, I'm being followed by a "professional" Cod sniping clan/youtubers..

My life is complete now 


  probably true..you know that we are just stupid americans 


Tarik Black had 3 rebounds and 6 points tonight in Kansas upset loss. His  stock is ballooning with this move from the Tigers 


   gee, I have no idea what that feels like



I love that no matter what the situation 95% of the time I'll over think and make my self go crazy until I'm told otherwise  


Good job, YouTube. Now instead of BEING dicks, trolls are posting PICTURES of dicks. The system works!   against those naysayers! Don't listen to criticism, you guys are so far above the rest of us! 


Changing a flat at 7am in the pitch black was enjoyable 


Just wasted two months trying to get the same girl who never saw me as anything more. &lt;&lt;&lt; why am I so good? 


Found in the Moscow metro. Some good old anti-Semitism for y'all.   (wine and gold w/ your tanakh?)  a turn of events no one saw coming, Kubiak got fired. 


So I'm driving and thinking,  man all this snowfall in Ohio is really making it hard to drive. .. 


Way to go Palmer. We never doubted you.   


 What, you didn't think Henry played a good Pan?  


I like Brian Gionta but 37 GP and 5 Goals, 
but he does well in the D-zone....HE IS PAID TO SCORE!! but lets not shit on him....



Mirka about flew out the window on our way to Sioux Falls lmao &gt;_&lt; 


My next haircut!          SO PUMPED for practice guys!! Time trials at 9:30 at night? No big deal-we won't even be tired at all  


I learned that I was a good timer and good at cheering the girls on at the banquet today.   


 now that is a story to sit an tell the grand kids one day 


Had 4 hours sleep and away to do a 12 hour shift, love life!!!! 


 And Ohio States Marcus Hall gets nothing for flipping an entire stadium off?.. Sounds logical to me 


Well this is certainly charming birthday solstice weather innit? 


Thanks for sending me that text it made my morning great 


my bus was late and was full when it got here. what a shocker..   


I'm glad my boyfriend has so much confidence in me when it comes to hunting...  


oh also one of the girls once organized a fashion show in a retirement home     


Bulu kaki saya semakin lebat. Yeay!   apa perasaan awak bila saya post pasal    but dat flow doe     much dickjockey


Can't wait for the next 10 day special on Kobe's return from  in a few months. Great sports news right there. 


And why didn't I know I was going to be let down.. 


 and I are so excited for school!!!    stuck trying to get out of bed, burst into tears, turned into an asthma attack and almost unbearable pain... I'm doing well... 


There's nothing like traffic on this beautiful black Friday afternoon  


 I'm so glad I never see yo ass!   


Thanks for all the sweet text expressing how thankful you are for me. I greatly appreciate it!   


 You mean he incorrectly promised again? Poor guy, how does that keep happening? GOP must have something to do with it. 


Watch the  match on ten cricket just to watch the Richy Coffee ad! HAHAHA  


Anyone kno what the weather's gonna do? Lol

  so missed my younger sisters and all their noise 


 This has been the best Christmas yet.  


So surprised that  didn't prepare me for faxing etiquette  


.  OOPS $40M in revenue! How does your real  make it?    Tri, thanks for this supersonic speed internet connection 


Im not even half way done with my stupid hair...  perks of having long hair 


There's nothing in this world I'm more scared of than a skinny unarmed anti-hunting unpatriotic candy-ass tree hugger...... 


 Thanks for the  You do have to make a better effort to be seen. Seriously, you never show up to anything. 


I get all my gossip from UC confessions, cause i know its true! 


Thanks to the alchemist retail transition i have sooo many cases of heady topper! I wonder if all of it will sell?  


"US Catholic school fires gay teacher who applied for marriage licence"  

Way to be a light.  


Well this is a pleasant way to start my morning  


They should make an Anchorman 2.   


My perfect day includes listening to what happened at that crazy party you went to last night! 


Yes we all like coming home after having a good night out and clean someone else's mess.  


Nothing like associating your brand with a  Well done,  Well done.  


By the sounds of it, I should've watched the VS fashion show last night....   


Seriously this night has just been the greatest  


They said that i'm full of shit.
Well, you get what you give my dear fella.




He looks so straight here. Can't believe why I ever thought he was gay   love when I forget my keys in my room when I go shower! 


S/O to the fam for setting me up on a blind date. Y'all are the best.....NOT



 lmaoo Jamisha's Niceness=  !! 100 of The Time. lol Smh


Ah Monday Mornings. Good times, good times. 


Locking your keys in the car is probably the best experience ever... 


I just love it when people make me sit in their vehicle while they take a long time doing something inside  


 good idea, let's bait sharks 1km offshore. That oughta keep them away.  


Wow Snapchat... real cool. It's not like I want to know that I have snapchats anyway.    


Hate it" Oh look. It's dark and gray outside. How unusual 


I think  have a hit on their hands with that one  


I'm constantly surrounded by geniuses  


Oh...he swore in??Too bad I slept through it all.Was overwhelmed by the Intellectual M*******tion over it so...ahem! 


 thanks so much for I forming me Brooklyn I had no idea  


I love getting headaches and feeling nauseous from inhaling secondhand smoke while I walk to work.  


   Yeah, they should have put the interlocking NC on the helmet or something. 


Well so far me and  are having a fantastic day... 


Y'all want me to tweet about my workout or nah? 


 hear you've got a sports injury!!! At least you had proper form!  :) ....


Surprising revelation   Olympic champion Brian Boitano says he's gay  reading so many conflicting stories about the Tulo trade rumors. Shocked that the internet is so full of baseless speculation. 


It's almost 2am and I can't sleep. Tomorrow is going to be fun     


 seems like the punishment got his attention.



Multiple sources confirm the red yeezy 2s and the Oregon 5s will release on the same day. 


 Don't be such a negative Nancy. It usually works out. Just ask every team that has ever done it...ever.  


 - because good guys in boxing are overrated...we prefer thugs 


I'm watching commercials from Philadelphia!! I LOVE THE FUTURE!  


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


Hahaha, these are some awesomely snide mechanics.  

Looks like FedEx hired some comedians  via 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 it doesn't matter who is on the schedule... 


United lost to Newcastle, USA got screwed in the draw, my car got broken into, and its finals week. Life cant get any better rn. 


Yes, Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" is a great follow-up song to "duet" by Penny and Sparrow.  


When people say my sisters taller than me, I'm like wow really I haven't noticed. 


  Well aren't you just too cool for school? 


can't wait to see the mountains in South Carolina North Carolina 


Good night tweeps this day can't get any  better 


Calallen punches it in again from 10-yds out. We could be tiring them out.



2/3 ain't bad, I'll sort my employment action plan tomorrow. Great fun. 


   Raised the poor service today in the Commons. I bet  are terrified 


Huh John Cena won. Didn't see that coming.  


"did you get expelled?" 

"um no. the school would most likely contact you in the event of my expulsion" 

 


. Next you'll tell us the  isnt real. 


Neutron walks in to a bar and asks for a scotch..bar man says 'for you no charge'. Very good Dr.boyce very good... 


  Boycott the  for making people work on    


Every guy is buying their girlfriend Alex &amp; Ani bracelets for Christmas. What an original and unpredictable present.  


One of the FABULOUS perks of being a tennis official is that you get to smell sweaty boys ALL DAY. 


Can we have weather like this more often? It's the best! 


Well KMM didn't fumble and we got a pass completion for 3 yards...I smell momentum   


 You say you can be a little bit of a "control freak.." Well, then lol..   with and cuddling Nolan this morning. Father of the Year...where's my medal?   


So guys, this is the definitive reason why  never fix my problems!   its b/c of GSPs announcement, right?  You're fighting GSP now?!  


I feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here.




 everyone now drinks and smoke weed cause you know its original 


Sometimes I'm so sarcastic I don't even know if I'm serious haha   


My turkey day

Sick
By myself
cold
Only place I get Wifi is in a closet
Box as a pillow
Can't eat
No bed

Just a great day 


Dear US Senate enjoy your 2 week vacation! You deserve it! 


Oh yeah how lovely is the weather tonight ... :^/       love it when my dad tries to act like he cares!  


 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Make sure to chase that bottle of wine with a full pot of dark roast... that will make you feel GREAT 




If you don't have anything nice to say, tweet that shit.    


Thanks  for making my first day back at work after Christmas so easy for me  


 thanks for coming last night. It was really good to see you.  


Second debut for  today. Hopefully another win. Am sure  will be over moon to see me 


 Hahaha. It's still sitting in the Beer Garden where we said it would be. Btw, you're on fire today!  


Just found a skirt that fit you right. - ok.. U look horrible actually.... 


" Best night out everrrr.......        lol where you at??


 before season you said you saw colts winning 12 and people scoffed.. stick to basketball 


Current status: Slides and laundry - two of my favorites! 


I guess it's a crime to wear what you want to/like  


That was ... an interesting way to eliminate Ambrose.   


I love being home alone at night when the power goes out. -__- 


 Haha! That's us. Always busting up that bcs picture 


Super excited for this class. Last time we talked about erectile dysfunction, now we move on to eating Irish babies.  


Not gonna lie, every time I watch a cutest couple video, I die a little inside.  


Nothing I hate more than seeing sunderland lose  


 Good! Still in the thick of it with Cyber Monday. Now all the fun reporting happens 


I'd like to thank Jordy Nelson for eliminating my fantasy team from the playoffs, way to show up.  


  you have to have your priorities right.Sky tv is much more important than insurance, you know... 


   Welcome to Twitter Craig Burley, good to have more  fans out here. 


diversity of opinion  MT  WH panel:
Young Invincibles 
Rock The Vote 
Nebraska State Senator
CAP 
Enroll America


" The only time Joey Essex will see an "A" on a test paper is when he writes his name!"  


Thankful to work at an establishment with such loving, caring ownership that always looks out for my best interests. 


Keeping it light on  - 5 of the funniest things ex-BlackBerry  said   


Woo I go into work at 4 not 5 tomorrow, love having my schedule changed the day before  


   HAHA! Nope! Wasn't that bad of a day! ;)   


For those making resolutions, I want to thank you for being such an individual.  


I fucking love when my work doesn't schedule me for two full weeks.  


Sounds like it's going really well though, so kudos. 


 just won. Maybe  will get a singles win. 






OMG, Comcast Xfinity On Demand has the best quality of service!   the last time I expect anything better than that  


 this game is fantastic.  It's a big game. Perfect time yo let Cutler screw it all up.


So no ones using the iPhone BBM now? Definitely didn't see that coming.  


So many people show up to this government class.  


Trying to be someone you're not always works out so perfectly. 


I left everything behind just for you !! Bs no I didn't !! 


This is why women belong in the kitchen.      had no idea the color of my skin could determine my preference in music.  


Starting my Friday off with a migraine, yay! 


Feels great knowing I wasn't good enough for you either.  


Thanks to the construction behind my house I get to hear Mexican Christmas music being blasted!!!!   


So awesome for the snow storm in Philly!!!!!! Really gonna help my fantasy qb 


Unplugged my phone 40 minutes ago and I'm already at 70%. Isn't technology the best  


This lecture is mind blowing     


Can not explain how excited i am to be doing maths with the first years for 6 months 


My tweet wasn't about you. I wouldn't waste a tweet on your ass.




It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Can't believe the Chevy blew up today &lt;\3 now looks like I'm in the jeep with no heat the rest of the dam winter  ---- 


Guys let's all post tweets about not wanting school tomorrow, because it will make a difference YAY   


Only 25 minutes in a queue to buy two books of stamps and post a parcel. Seems reasonable and good business sense 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Every holiday party I have to explain my illness. "Did you take aspirin?" Gee, why didn't I think of that...? 


The joys of Dual Enrolling and being in high school at the same damm time! 


   one day I'm coming up to show you all how it's done 


Wrapping garland w/ LED lights is so much more fun with cats in the house.  


That's something to be proud of. That's a life you can hang your hat on.....     course aurora outlets is packed. What are those people thinking? Let's go shop at an outdoor mall in the middle of a blizzard! 


 Wheres Macauley Culkin when you need him? [


 he is right, I agree, why should he apologize when he is stating the facts 


Spent my last 4 dollars on lottery tickets. I hope I win  


Social media is the best way to express your feelings  


Maybe that Israeli sniper sneezed or thought the 10 yr old was a grown man in disguise 


I just love it when the other people in this house all gang up on me  


A big thank you to my math teacher for closing the discussion board a day early. 


Always love meetings like that on a Monday after break. Really fires up the troops  


Just massaged the knots out of my jaw muscle. Made me cry. AWESOME.  


I have college auditions to record over break but my poor oboe is in the school. the disappointment is real  


Nice internet

Very fast

Thisss is what we call as celcom fibre internet




 so how long before Garrett Jones is signed my the Mets DFA by Bucs today. OF/ 1B. 


  Yup,that's y Kaepernick supplanted AlexSmith,no looking bak.Phew that  got rid that losing QB.


  given that the learning outcomes movement is about 18 years old, that's pretty quick of them 


Zack needs to stop talking so much in every All Time Low's interview. I can't even hear the rest. 


It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes, ~Jay Loee!!!     


Always remember that you're unique. Just like everyone else. 


I love hearing negative reminders. Best feeling ever.  


Actually today was a good day.. 
Besides periods 1-8 and lunch plus period 9 . Other than that, yeah. Fantastic !   


I love hearing health care workers say they need to get their smoke in before going back to work. 


So we have a sub and we're doing grammar?! How fun is that  


 Booze and golf is always a good combination.


"I love you as a friend".... doesn't get any sweeter than that huh?.. 


I'm shocked  " Jimmy Dykes speaking passionately about Kentucky during Baylor/South Carolina.


2 more nights then I'll be sleeping on a ship...  


Can Jimmy and Prior Chase these runs....?  


 He gives the best advice. "YOU have to do what's best for YOU to make YOU feel good about YOU." 


After all these years, still crushing it in Hollywood.     3d isn't working glad I got my 3D tv just for this 


I love it when non-Christains correct Christians by telling then what Christians actually believe. 


  apparently it's a loose policy... it's not like the noncompliance  effects people  


Glad the Colts put Luck back in there. No way Matt Hasselbeck could have handed off that well three plays in a row. 


 bww and there are 2 children at the same table, watching a movie on their parents phones.    


As a Vietnam vet I regret us not receiving the Vietnam Victory Medal.  


Hearing Liberal and Conservative strategists argue that we need Multi-Million dollar CEOs almost brings a tear to my eye. 


Come to a play it will be better than sleeping 



Hillary should tell the GOP "I would tell you to blow me but then  would spend 50 million investigating it"   


So many things to think about this.... It's all Shannon's fault though. 


 kahkah!! Lu ptot brbangga bro. Our 1st lady is the founder of "poco-poco". 


I'm 18 and still require my mother's assistance to get to work -_-     yes u do. I mean u know I was just creepin on you when i was getting carts haha 


After recent relaunch, OHIM site is EU Commission's equivalent to US Government's failed Obamacare website.   a fucking surprise, this never fucking happens    my MAC eyeshadows with an actual flame = the delicious aroma of melting plastic.     


Wow, what a busy day at work. A WHOLE 70 CUSTOMERS.   


//Yes, ram into the AUTOMATED IRON GATE with a beat up old van. That'll open it 


 C'mon, Jim.  Aren't they just really the "victims" of society?  


He's got a point though, sometimes when we rap too much me ran out of oxygen and die 


yes, why don't I start cleaning the house more often on top of all the other crap I have to do.  


Im already not a morning person. Combine tht with the fact tht im locked out of my apartment annd just know tht im doing fantastic. 


 but if they don't raise payroll it's all Nuttings fault. 


In 2014, we can witness a lebanese and Syrian civil war. A kind of 2 for the price1 bloodshed!  


Being personally guilt tripped into standing up/dancing by Haley Williams in front of thousands of people not awkward.  


 cause my laugh is just too dang cute..  


 So glad that the wealthy schools get the perks and not others.  Brilliant, in fact.  ;) 


Yeah  got it right keeping the title off   


Here's to short lines and great attitudes.   


OUTRAGE! ....in todays papers because  performed with her clothes on!! 

Yes the rotten outrage! 


Typing an article summary over a GASB article on Financial Projections...exciting stuff   


I love how I payed $700 in taxes this pay cycle  


Come next Monday night, I won't have any worries! Oh wait I have surgery that coming Thursday....  


Omg I luv Subaru's they move in the snow! who knew they made AWD vehicles?! What a new and unheard form of technology... 


Thanks to you , you probably just screwed something over that could've worked , thanks bro   


 Yo fire chip Kelly he threw the game He sure did 


Why yes work I would love to stay until midnight when I have a test at 8am and 10:30 instead of going home to study  


 Haha, that was a joke man! I absolutely realize how bad Luke Fickell has done. I knew I should have used 


Man... I wish I was as successful &amp; wise as u are... U sure do know how to prosper.......     


   because everyone KNOWS the only way I could have fathered two EurAsian kids is if I exploited &amp; oppressed their mom


 What branch you at, bro? Need to start cashing all of these fat checks! 


Gregg Poppovich looking real alive on the bench here at the AAC 


I love how mom and tim don't tell me anything till the last minute. 


Im so famous, i have unfollowers everytime i check! 


shocking  RT   Reports: Redskins fire coach Mike Shanahan  to see the Bengals are ready to play tonight. 


So excited for New Years....should I wear sweats or black sweats? I should be asleep by 9 


Whoever came up with the short sleeve jersey idea is a genius 


changing my number to 1-800-don't-blow-up-my-phone-ever-again  seriously


Yes we know. Jae is like, not important. LOL! 


 what??? A prostitute in San Gabriel? Shocking 


 Hes a terrorist. Call homeland security! 


You're Always Here is  on iTunes Italy. Good.   Yammer is updating so I won't be able to access it?  NOOOOOooooooo 


I have this awesome sick habit of mine of pushing everybody whose important away.. 


 wow man nice logic, people are gonna be looking to hire a critic like you, now everyone knows "Toronto sucks" 


A pregnant assassin in a madhouse-like mall. What could go wrong? 


Well this is the perfect time in life to ask to hangout  


have two essays that are due tonight and my parents want to put up the tree ...   


 nonono, it's very exhilarating!  


 is Grady Jackson still available to play d-line for the Falcons



Mouthwash with a busted ass lip is awesome... 


  They just said  was on the run They didn't say where they were running TO 


Veterans Day! Where most college students don't have classes but do FIT students have classes...hell yea we do! Oh the joy!  


1 less friend on Facebook :( absolutely gutted!   


 oh, well that's great then!  Your favourite ref is on the sideline. 


Do rooms with clapper lights turn into a disco when blk ppl clap talk or blk girls make it clap?   kmsl


really looking forward to this storm that is coming..  


 oh we are so lucky to have a competent Government 


 jocie your bullshit drama has made me realize the folly of my ways.  


Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know the class was full of fake Barbie doll bitches. -_- 


The number 1 song on the day of my birth was Stay (I miss you) by Lisa Loeb. This explains why I'm so emotional and sympathetic 


Justine charming/special   But no one even selfish, ignorant, (fill in w/ disdainful adjective) deserves that for *tweet*


Gove says  's comments are "irresponsible and stupid".  Glad educated people like Gove don't make such comments then? 


Sarcasm is a gift to mankind, and when you
understand how to use it, it becomes a super
power! 


I also miss being treated like crap. I miss being lied to. I miss not knowing if you'll be there when I need you. 


So I guess today's news story is somebody that works in the White House grew a beard. So now beards=socialism.  


Please keep writing dating advice books that tell me I need to change who I am. Those make me happy 


Good thing the  didn't trade  at the deadline.     


Wait, head coaches lie to the media?!? Mike Shanahan Admits To Lying To The Media All The Time   


  lol sorry. Did u actually think my first tweet was a true statement????  


Breaking News Guys!Lets all be grateful he is coming   head to SouthAfrica for Mandela's funeral:  god school was cancelled,  just look at the weather today   lets be fair to the 1%. They don't actually drink milk-they drink Grande Soy Lattes, so this argument is invalid. 


I'm totally not jealous of everyone who's still sleeping while I'm back in work...no really I'm not 


 and we all know how great Internet Explorer works. 


It's so nice how you wanted to talk to me today; and it's so nice how close we are now! 


Nice to see another class act win the heisman 


 language! I hate people that swear LOL  


Why is Oklahoma happy?  Alabama gave them the game with all those turnovers.  


"Yeah, that's what I need in the middle of a song: Dog balls on my ankle. I'm so inspired!" ~  from Dave  w/ pets


Love it when every single other bus turns up except mine &lt;3 


I would have sold myself, but they only buy Virgins. 


 jack Edwards is known for his impartiality 


why dont you keep refreshing the problem instead of getting over it. great idea 


You got to love it when you go to bed fine and wake up sick.  


 What a fantastic role model, well done! 


Not being able to use an English language dictionary on math MCAS &lt;&lt;   


 You don't think the real estate value is going to crash because of the 69th St. exit for the 6?  


 i make fun of my cousin cuz he's feeling healthy and loving life!  


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.             


But then again, I forgot you're a big time barrel racer now. 


Getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow. GONNA BE SO FUN!!!!! 


can't wait to go to sleep wake up and go back to basketball 


The 12th Titan flag is the most original gameday tradition ever. 



Well....that took all of 30 seconds   


Typical conversation with   bulova     70 degrees possible later in the week.  YAY! Now I can get sick again when I finally kicked this mess. 


 more to the point, Chaz and Dave r good 


 You are completely oblivious to the issues that directly affect your demographic. Good job you marketing geniuses. 


No better way to start a vacation than by spending the entire night vomiting-.- 


It's fun reading substatuses on Fb between exes  


Follow this funny freak its &gt;&gt;&gt;   
 at its best (:


Yeah what  ever!!  What an appropriate call refs! That one really made sense!     


They saved the best till last!!  ...... 


Nothing better than babysitting on a thursday night.....   


 Hey at least they've been drawing up good plays out of timeouts.  At some pt you just gotta take the 5 yd penalty


 I want to look like a 12 year old girl mixed with a retired body builder      


  I should probably read the  before replying, huh?


Yes guys the refs have no idea what they are doing, it's just their job 


I will never get how people "love" someone after a week of dating...  


 Okay cool. You're the best youth pastor ever !  


  
Well obviously someone can make this stuff up.  Never a dull moment with  referees.
[


On my way to the 2 most beautiful towns ever, Middlesbrough and Redcar. 


Library's full but it's cool cause  I like sitting on the floor anyways. 


" David Moyes reveals  were very close to making a "major, major signing" in the summer." That's great ya 


I wonder if  thinks the Tigers got better end of  trade. 


That's a new play....I never saw the Lions throw an INT before. 


getting forced off the road by a lorry has to be the highlight of an excellent month 


I think I may have become intolerant to whey isolate protein and also fish.My life just get's easier    


Wait did Beyonc come out with a new album?  But really!  


Thanks for that picture i really wanted it! 


6 hours after leaving  clubhouse I'm finally through my front door. Psyched for work tomorrow!  


Another 6-7 hours left of work. Cannot wait... 


I love not having any friends.    


Yes he said, instead of praying at home I shud go the mosque :) RT  think Driver Sb feels that ab Bhatak Gaye hain-LOL 


 honestly... I have been laughing for the past half hour. All this sneaky sluttiness. HOW DID I NOT SEE IT? hahahah 


If the clock could speak it'd be all, "What? I don't speed up whenever you're having fun or browsing tumblr"    


She's a compulsive liar, too. So that's great. 


I'm still here guys. Thanks for concerning me in the conversation. It really means a lot. 


Sick, working and exams. I can't think of a better night ... 


This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for mass text messages that show me how little people care  


Thanks for letting me know through snapchat that your at the gym and getting soo buff, it's really making me regret leaving you 


  I root for any team that has an "s" at the end of their name 


A Democrat wanting to raise taxes. No way  MT  Hatch proposes raising gas tax


Christmas eve and im in bed feeling like shit and up at 6 30 for work tomorrow. ..  


So much for going to bed early. Tomorrow will be productive. 


 yes, BB, the most creative England player ever! 


  that's heart felt love right there 


I dislike all beliebers.    


. Obama should have used that Bush admin strategy that stopped the North Korean nuke program.   


There are so many fun things to do in Port! 


A weather app photo, thank you so much I had no idea how cold it was outside 


Ya. I m one of those guys that gets multiple messages and notifications on my wall. Yep I'm just not that cool. 


bosses shouldn't have to take their own advice that the constantly bark at their employees about  


"Oh we cant have class Wednesday?..I'll just post a 2 hour lecture video you must watch before our next break" 
-Favorite Professor



 Welp, I guess the Eagles shouldn't even show up then. 


"  has a sexy ass voice right now , lol .


Skype with  and listening to salute and midnight memories! Such great singers! 


Its great to be in canada         


what college do you go now  itz called 'where nobody wrks' like u  :/  saying to jasmeen" Hum tho Millay hue Tay na " :P Daal Mai kuch kala hai 


I don't recognize this Russell Wilson. Mind must be on baseball or something.... 


Hooray!  RT  Looking forward to walking and talking museums on Saturday! Forecast is for a positively balmy 9C.


Someone was a little happy I came home and then go to Disney       is such a bitch! Actually cares that her chemistry teacher husband takes up a life of crime when they have 2 kids 


   so glad you pointed that out..never would have figured that out... 


I've been getting home by 9:15 every night this week, meaning lots of revision to catch up on funnnnnnnnnnnnnnn I LOVE exams 


 But you are the invincible Graeme Young. Nothing (not even injuries) can stop you from winning fantasy. 


What could -POSSIBLY- go wrong with Microsoft pulling option for offline XboxOne update?  Via   worry, I'm sure the decision to leave Turner Field for a new stadium came without ANY research and logistical planning. 


Currently being hacked by a Ray Bans virus thingy...awesome...



 Oh yay your here to experience this massive blizzard with the rest of us Canadians aren't you just so happy xP 


George Zimmerman charged with assault.   Shut up!  Stop it! No way! Wow!  Really!  OMG!   Didn't see that coming.  


 u guys seriously don't take enough commercials. 


Thanks New York for making winter come early AGAIN 


Maybe if I act more like other people I'll be liked more. 


Dear Apple, thanks so much for swapping the position of New Tab and New Window in Safari. Youve made my life so much easier. 


Guys don't think it's cute when your thong is sticking out..so stop. Good effort though  


I have the best luck I swear, it never fails 


Flipping off the camera in your already cliche mirror duck face selfie makes you look so sexy. 


Oh my gosh. Your boyfriend isn't texting you back? Your life seriously sucks and it probably couldn't get any worse. 


 i believe those dark spots are called 'eyebrows' 



 I don't have cable anymore, just internet. you know, b/c the economy is so wonderful &amp; I make so much money. 


Dad says he's going to take me to White Castle right after I get this gallbladder out. Because that would go over well.  


 cheers  !! HM Forces dont want to be on leave anyway  


Beyond shocked Urban Meyer isn't disciplining his players from the brawl yesterday  


 because street outlaws is soooo fun to watch. 


You've got me shaking from the way you're talking, my heart is breaking but there's no use crying.  


I'm shocked he said that.  RT  "If Auburn wins I think they should be in the BCS Championship game," - Nick Saban


Che felicita'.          to see things aren't working out for you): 


 haha obvvvvs. Was making it look like I had a dece pass beforehand. My humour is wasted!  


I'm sure  is so proud of his mother and me      bet Man Utd fans are relieved they bought Fellaini and not zil after that performance! 


Forced to go out today with my family, that's my idea of fun  


Yay, Weiss is ready to go!!! Cuz thatll help LOTS!  



I haven't rocked out to chads closing mix in a long time!!! 


I just love when a guy rubs his dick on my back when he's squeezing between my desk and the desk behind me  


End of an era. New year, new me. Going to work so hard to get what I want and achieve my dreams   


Yes we're all shocked that Shanahan got the door  ... Tough to recover from a shock like that  


Oh and I got kicked out of the living room again  


Quick two-day stint at work starts today. Fun times. 


Throwing up and having a fever all night is the best !! 


"Butt sex is alot like spinach cuz if yor forced to hav it as a child you wont like it wn u grow up as a adult" -  


ugh Jenna is such a pain in the butt  


Breakfast will be easy....I mean I can have bacon so life is complete...but lunch  guess I will make tuna?! Sounds good huh? 


A government that dictates what types of light bulbs we must use?? They must contain mercury?! Smart government ! 


My bg has been good today. My healthy glow is here Huffman. Maybe I can get a boyfriend now. 


Glad to see the  put up a great effort today! Good job guys!   


Found some beer at my house. Kind of upset I have to get drunk for free tonight  


 Must be because of that fab new laptop you have..... 


 Not to brag but I'm totes skilled with MS Paint. It's like you were really in Mordor! -brushes off shoulders-  


 is like Electricity. Some Parts of  still don't get it.!


 lol, yes.  In fact, so often that I'm SURPRISED when I'm not in Twitterjail :) &lt;yes, twitter that's more  - just for you! &gt;


And why have I never been in invited to a cfl fantasy league???? 


You take pics of you smokin and/or what you're smokin...you're cool! 


Please show me more side by side QB comparisons 


     Don't tell the Preem, she thinks VQA matters. 


So nice of one of the stations I'm reading travel on to play "Lonely This Christmas" by Elvis. Feel-good factor everywhere 


Can't believe how jam packed my schedule is for the next 20 days and how much money I have  


Well guys someone slid off of my road . It's not bad tho right ? 


Gonna have the most wonderful week - work one day off one day. NOT.  


I love people who dont have the balls to answer questions lol... 


" Quran is for your 'self', not for your 'shelf'.




I love having a quiz in my first class after the Thanksgiving break. 


Congrats to the  for about 2 minutes of effort in a 60 minute game!  


What  have a smart phone app? OMG.. they never mentioned this? 


 There's an Anchorman sequel? I had no idea 


I know what ive missed the most in being a cashier at tesco: these good songs! 


I love when  puts my tires on backwards.   Makes for a dangerous ride on the highway!


I love having to change out of a perfectly fine outfit 


Good thing it says skull or I'd have no idea   n watching season 1 of breaking bad for the new year  


Girls always take photos from ABOVE them, with the camera pointing down... Wonder why? 


I lovee how my phone gets no text messages -.-  


Casually being ripped of for 90 by arriva! Cheers :D 


Will Bitcoin get to 4000 before the Nasdaq?  


Only half an hr to get from  to the  yay!  hurts.


. You mean you didn't know you needed maternity insurance       


People are so nice today! I think it has to do with all the money they saved on 



That's it.         Everything  NEW YEAR TO ME! Comes my mom home telling that our dog probably won't make it till next week! Yeey!  :'(


It's okay though I've heard the toughest lead to hold in the  is a four goal lead since it's tough to care anymore  


 HEY LOOK AT ME BOYZ I'm a girl that smoke cro love me  


its nice to know i have friends who ditch me.. 


Man, I bet  is soooo upset   


Lucy is a mug!  She could have had a great wee relationship with tom yet she chooses a liar and a cheater ok hen!  


   But DisneyOnlineCommunity has already dismissed this as a dumb Frozen overlay &amp; Meet &amp; Greet! 


Well that was not the outcome I wanted. Tough game to win when you can't make a lay up or anything else . Couple great calls too! 


Who's seen the WestJets Santa stunt? I can't believe the say Merry Christmas instead of Happy Holidays. They're so insensitive... 


I never realized just how logical and ingenious it is to open an electronics store at 7 AM. 


 You. Me. Almost my wife. It's been terrific, right?  Hope you feel better soon.


"Nice of the BCCI to put on a Test for the Kallis retirement."  


I love working every weekend. It's absolutely fantastic!  


Real happy the  kept a rookie lineman on the active list all season despite a broken foot &amp; let Bobby Rainey go. Makes sense 


Man, I can't wait to work for 8 hours in a grocery store the day before Thanksgiving...  


So many people reply and I have so much shit to do like I just love life. 


Three letters: F-O-X  via  MP's dismantling valuable service for their own coffers? I'm shocked 


Draws so many fouls in those areas = dives a lot. 
Football commentary translations about ADP. 
 [


Fantastic news that MPs will be getting an 11% pay rise, they are all doing fantastic work for this county, they deserve it. 


Too much sparkling grape juice around midnight for the new year     wait to see this new Liam Neeson movie, JUST PLANE TAKEN. Here's the trailer.   United oo. Common.... But united will still win this game. 


With all these amazing thoughts about myself ( I'm gonna go to sleep 


 So, where is  button????? Did he finish the race??? 


 but the sodas at what-a-burger are sooo big! 


.  how's that network upgrade going? 


Virginia tonight. Indiana tomorrow. Tennessee by the end of the weekend. South Carolina by the end of the month.  


Honestly thanks mom, you've always helped me to succeed. -.- 


Bila org tanya Aku "kau nak apa ?" dgn cara satsatkan .  A whole list of things goes through my mind . 


hey  thanks for the 4.8% ticket price increase  


Depends on whom im talking with. *grin RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Man these seniors are SO motivational  


First pop quiz yesterday and first lockdown today   


An extremely right wing woman married to a closeted gay man...that's new   


Must say that I'm very excited about the return of  tonight 


// Teacher: "When you take a bath, what body part do you wash first?" ...THATS NOT STALKERISH AND PERVERTED AT ALL.  


Watching Brandi pick up dog poo and Carlton take her cat to the vet is RIVETING TELEVISION.   


I love having to come to school four hours early because I'm not old enough to drive a rental car.  


 forget wins and losses. We need ball players that look good in the uniform.  


 Yeah, their victory over a small, defenseless animal that can't defend itself is the manliest of manly sports. 


Gaffing again today, actually all week. This should be fun  


Guys guys guys! Rudy Gay is shooting 100% so far as a King!! What have we done?! I think we lost that trade!   


Oh great. Another band fight. I can't wait to see my timeline explode with fangirls fighting. 


 as the teams come on to the pitch.. Jovetic is down .. Lets hope it's not a bad injury 


 Headache &amp; cramps. Such a great day already. 


  Which one? The kid being offensive to American Indians or being offensive to Gingers?




One big step forward, five steps back. Irony is such a big thing in my life.  


things twitter has taught me without getting out of bed: it is 11/12/13 and it is snowing...   


I have the ability to insult idiots without them realizing .




I'm SO glad I get to celebrate my birthday this year   


Oh dear god. She got a boob job. It looks completely natural, I had no idea. 


New Flash: According to  JAN in  is now the "moderate" &amp; "reformed" branch of Al-Qaeda. Seriously, no  intended.


   Wow! 10 conclusional words in a book to proof God. What an achievement. I applaud! 


   a capitalist AND a warmonger...for shame!  


Book-readers are a snoobish,sneering lot who challenge every good thing the government does and  keep offering unwanted advice! 


   Brit has a gf named Kate? This is so so omg "lesbian"....Does she have tattoos too? 


England's first 200 of the series. Good news for england, things are looking up.   


 yes cuz the redskins have the most fans and their the best team in the NFL. 


The best feeling in the world is being made to feel like you don't matter 


 I read that a few days ago and agree.  Blow it all up 


 he is. He's getting max prestige. U don't get it Brett haha 


I didn't know mount gambier had a blue lake  (only thing this joint mentions)


 Bo should have ran across the field and smacked the ref with his hat. 


luluthelittlepug dressed up in her winter gear. And loving every second of it.     I wonder which you'll get. The 5c or the 5s or the 5abcd that's coming out.  


When people take things so serious, it's called 


Yes! That's so obvious by looking at that long ass code that i can instantly tell the efficiency of it! 


.  You really think we live in a world where actual experience trumps political sound bites?   


 ...at least we don't have canc.... Oh wait! Neither does she! Silly me! We are all so blessed  


 If you want to see the epitome of human Christmas spirit, check my mentions!   your coward ass up


And the lovely adventures of my family going to dinner are off to a great start already. I would expect nothing less. 


another day done....roll on tomorrow for another   


I'm so glad that everyone is SO happy and enthused to talk to me lately! 


I love when life falls apart like someone sneezed on the house of cards. 


And please, do you really think everything on facebook are true? Well, u should know better since you're the engineer. 


 LOL!!  Somehow I missed ur tweet. U know. The 1 where the pot is calling the kettle trouble! 


Can't wait to go back to UTP that is well-known for its excellent and first-class management. 


Sony: Keeping PSN Free on PS4 Would Have Been "Too Hard"  via  
That's great news! 


Great piece: Heres One Prediction:  Cameron And His Lot Will Win In 2015:        


 Gee, thanks for the heads-up man. Can't tell you how much I appreciate it.   ;-)


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.          


Unbearable Cold &amp; Now a Freezing Rain Warning. Snow Squalls for Tomorrow. Lovely!  


Finally made it home after a long journey!  


I just love losing the use of my ears because my Gran turns the tv right up, it's just so enjoyable. 


Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.



Worrisome? Lindsey Vonn &amp; Danica Patrick push 2-time no1 Maria Sharapova to no3 in Bing's top searched female athlete  


 when will they install the orange seats? 


Not only am I shopping in town .. but it's raining as well !! Woohoo .. love my days off !! 


 take note at your picture and how I addressed you, sir 


Actually hate split shifts so much   


Love being treated like a PA sometimes.  


 ".... in a moment of passion, consummate their relationship  if there is such a term like that." 

Hahahaha! 


Yep, when you think of entertainment for the whole family, you think "Kinky Boots".  


Sitting at  with stomach pain. Fun times! 


So today i hit my nose on my locker   


I just love how concerned you were about me today...-_-  


Joey and Matthew in the bush-tucker trial ! Didn't see that coming !  


Bought a pair of shoes today, which now brings me to a total of three pairs of shoes.  


   RT  Figure Skater Brian Boitano -- Yup, I'm Gay   surprising since Urban is such a disciplinarian 


And when Im late, there is no way that I won't find traffic!  


 but he did such a great job in those very very long 3 plays 


  Learn the art of running and hiding!  You're only just 6'9" 300+ lbs.  You're not a beast.  


What a lovely way to end such a lovely day.  


My family is full of winners. I can't believe what I hear half the time.  


 guaranteed the  wouldn't lose 100 games in '14.  &amp;  should keep us around 97 losses.  


oh i loveeee when  wakes up, texts me, then goes back to sleep.. 


Rain to snow to wintery mix to freezing rain...sounds fabulous! 


I wish all of you could have seen my mom rapping. 


 Don't any of these crackpots know ur a comedian Kev!!!  


 this shocks me with Urbie's long record of being so strict with his players and their despicable actions 


Cooking for 20 people is so much fun!!       wait to go back up to single-digit weather!!   It's a shame I'm sick today and can't go to school... Cough...cough 


3 hours of sleep. My sinuses are a mess. I feel great. 


i have such a fucking amazing feeling about this christmas :) 


Saturday night craziness!        Whaaaat? A thing Microsoft made is having problems working?  


Guys... Finally, Mark Wahlberg in a movie where he is an unstoppable killing machine.    wait to see all the makeup work I'm gonna have. 


I love when a light dusting of snow makes people drive like morons. 


The Fresno state vs San Joes State game is a defensive game    


             to  crowd sounds sparse given aussies are on the cusp of regaining the   


Doubting Thomas? No, he's Fred. See? Senile.   


 ohh yess , cause I can definitely hip roll . O.o 




Greg Roman calls such a great game.  Run on first down.  They'll never suspect that.  


Good to see certain traditions follow Urban.  


This was worth a flex.    


Today is the day where I go and get my TB test done. Have I mentioned that I love needles? 


Man, the kids on Beverly Grove are hardcore   just love when girls model clothes for me and  i can watch them get dressed and undressed 


  Maybe they could hire another person at city hall to dispel myths and rumours  


 Now I know why  turned done an early release deal to work on  This  below his standards 


Great team performance by  unlucky to lose   


 I wish you could see my face right now... I'm hysterically laughing 


Finally home! and I get to look forward to a fun day of studying and homework tomorrow....  


{^.^} RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


 My new year resolution is to use the  hashtag a lot more. My humor is like an airball at times. :)


I send the most attractive snapchats you guys don't even understand. 


Dear Twitter: Please continue to Tweet/ReTweet about how cold it is. Your concern about the weather is appreciated.

Sincerely, 


 idk who would!! I'm like the best man there is! I'm so nice, I'm a doll, like I got everything anyone could want! 


So many terrorists in the most unimaginable places...  


Wverybody make sure not to watch our JV game tomorrow. I'll be balling hard and might blind you with my extreme athletic abilities. 


Screw job security!!  I much prefer when my boss threatens to fire me weekly   


Thanks for the call mr. Klooster. I didn't wanna sleep in for anything 


 those free gifts make me want to donate, here take my 50 cents that supposedly save lives because I want a free t shirt 


 at least we got a Miz heel turn I was SUUUUPER excited for that.  


actually sit down to do work and can't get on the uni page, that's just great  


 I guessed, forgot to include the  I thought the goal would be called off due to view, nice to see common sense.


Wow holly looks really different in hollyoaks. Not a completely different person at all!   


Why am I so coordinated that I accidentally punch myself? 


At least they've cut down on the penalties this week  


Wow flon you're really off to a great start  


so excited to go to a 2 hr study session over statistics tonight at 8..  


Of course I don't mined if you go to Red Lobster without me  


I just love watching tv all by myself on a friday 


  but Wisconsin plays in the worst conference in the history of football 


I'm watching  but you folks say the  did something stupid. I'm shocked. Shocked! 


 Got a quiz show idea. "Trivium" presented by Phil Tufnell (Paul Ross as 2nd choice). Could liven up the weekday 2:30 slot. 


Please continue to preach about how you believe in nothing at all 


Douglas Murray is such a treat to watch skate. Such grace. Feels like I'm watching Paul Coffee in the 80s.   


I like to pray on social networks not real life. I want Jesus to see me praying on twitter.  


Know what's soooo totally awesome?? When boys screw girls over. Honestly nothing is better :)  


When guys asks if any girl wants to go on a date somewhere on their FB status..then say "any takers?"  That's a real winner.  


 but don't worry, raising hydro rates is "good for families" so all in hand. Must be true, heard it from govt  


 Yep, that's exactly how we do things here. We have them praying in shifts.   


Best go to bed now, for another 5:30am start. "Oh Happy Days!!" :) 


This must all be Tony Romo and Jason Garrett's fault, right? 


My dad had a great idea this morning. Put together the home gym right by my door at 10am on a Saturday.  


   on fanfiction by an unknown author no less!!!!!! Wow, I'm impressed! 


Well that's just marvellous. In the words of my hilarious younger brother, "Cheers fo' that!" 


That sad moment when you wake up and there's no snow...  ugh school then doctors appointment!   


Christian communities that decide to stop talking to you after life separates you from them. That feels great 


Cus I was such a great student an finished all of my homework before the end of break 


Don't worry Worcester...this will end.... on Friday.   her dad isn't her real dad. Didn't see that coming. 


  you're probably the most sane one there. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


It's really a shame they have no fun     


.  obviously at 15,000 a day in CA and 5000 a day in NY, there is little demand for Obamacare 


Isn't it great how subtle condom commercials have gotten? 


Sat in bed, alone watching a shit film.  


 But Dolan said he wasn't going to fire Woodson or trade anyone? 


Attention all TCH students, feel free to come workout at my warehouse w/o asking me and leave it nice and messy. I do not care. 


The US is so Racist we are giving  the Presidential Medal of Freedom 


Whoohooo 8 followers! Wonder how many I can get by the end of the day...
    


Solving my high-stress, low-motivation problem by sleeping...      


  big man done well to stop them then, could have been game changers.....


Yes! 3 big projects to do, in just one class and then she wants us to study for the final. Such a great teacher. 


 depends? What size are you?   I love my Druliet! Which I named you! :)


So spanish is my next class. Wonder what I am going to do next class.  


missed my train, what a wonderful start to this fine Monday!  


nice that people won't reply when you tweet them somthing (note the 


Shout out to the dick MA111 Green that deleted my project for class!   


   nonsense... Obamacare is an official law 


Probably gonna end up doing nothing tonight. Again. My life &gt; 


I've been living off soup and pizza for the past 3 weeks, what a life 


 I was always partial to the Sand People. Nomadic warriors, really the perfect Burkean "little platoon" society  


I love having nothing to do. Its the best. 


Smashed by Weldon, my head is absolutely killing and I have no money!  


Love re-writing routines a day before competition 


 but don't you get it?! Being a douchbag male pig is the "in" thing now. Every girl wants a guy like that. 


And the car breaking down while I was driving was the cherry on top..   


 Reasons to follow me: Sometimes I'm funny.  lol perfect


 that's not what came to my mind and I'm sure it won't be the first thing that comes to others   


Already on my second go-round with hiccups this morning. Gonna be a great day! 


What's that  analytics? A massive drop off in real legitimate comments!? You don't say! I wonder why!?!? 


I had a pancake today  empty carbs hooray   


not tired anymore..thanks insomnia, I really only needed the three and a half hours of sleep I got and am so glad I won't get more 


" Dealing with annoying drunk couples trying to beat the shit out of each other tonight." We are living the dream! 


" So I thought I was peeing blood last night but it turned out to be red jelly?  ...tip: brown jelly isnt real 


 Those dastardly fans... Buying tickets, donating $, wearing team gear to stop BOB! 


    Makes me yearn for the good old days when pilots had to fly exhausted. 


  Oo. At ang caption 'i miss you' halatang pinagisipan ah? Hirap nun! Ang lalim. Hahaha 


Hey is anyone from Pleasanton at the Drake concert tonight? 


 is just the best when flys are in your face. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  intended.


i love writing my entire speech the night before the first debate of the year 


I'm soooo surprised that Justin Timberlake just won that 


"blackmail" by  No, never! ( RT  reLAKSation no 634 -  


Yay.  More snow to go with the snow we all ready have.     opinion is influenced by public opinion" :O  


Twitter is like one big family watching TV together
    


Thanks, Congress, for doing nothing so my  tax break will be slashed.  


H-1 traffic in the morning... Nothing like it 


Double food run on Black Friday. That was cool... 


   please tell me this is a joke or 


  But guys its back to back The poor boys are fatiqued so says Noel. 


I miss Chandler Bing whenever I have my moments of   thing we don't have like four tests today 


 Was referring to earlier discussion we had  Of course refs hate     


   you merely adopted the  I WAS BORN IN IT


 50 for a lovely screen that says connection lost over and over. Money well spent 


 Work again tonight.   it's good for you


 I have no idea. it's not like there are birthday wishes all across my feed  


Really love the off-season moves of the  Several teams look better because of them.  


  dude I thought I was having a major gravy hangover, when I heard your tender voice!  Now follow!


 um, I have to at school in 30min so I can fail an exam! I'm hella stoked right now...   


 who else is walking into 2014 single? Another year! Wooo! RT 


   AWAY the INSANITY of LIFE &amp; PARENTHOOD!  Oh my goodness  Sweet. Hail to the  


2014... I'm feeling like a totally different human already...


 sure checks that their products are quality    never cleans w/         genius of Linehan strikes again!   


Can tell Friday 13th is going to be a good day already and only two hours in  


I'm no different. You haven't even talked to me to know. Clearly your thoughts of me weren't in any way changed by someone else. 


Thanks to the *wisdom* of  interim leadership, Morsi will be canonised as the first modern Saint in Islam. 


Cutler threw a pick, bring in McCown!  It's early, he's rusty, give him time.


 How the Mediterranean diet alone can fight diabetes  revolutionary stuff here people. Crazy new info 


" Only in Dallas.   YES, Howard def choose the wrong team.   


I was out shopping all day. Wish I would have known it was  week in the  


 We are supposed to get that snow and ice tomorrow evening into the night. Have to love winter in the northeast here!


 But we just had  allow Canadians the ability to view his office! Truly this is a new age! 


    yeah really. Should have dropped at least $10 imo. Still a rip off!


I'm going to have such a great commute in the morning... 


Sarah Silverman is pretty so she should be obliged to design her career for mass audience appeal. Solid.    love driving an hour and a half to class only to find out its cancelled 


Loving all the love and class being shown on Twitter right now. 


Its monday already! Yes only 4 more days left... 


 and  are playoff bound.  


Hey guys guess what. It's owls inspiration night incase you haven't heard  


One final down, 3 more and an 8 page paper to go. Sounds like progress.  


We all want to wait 45 for a bus to go home after a long day at work! Even better if you can't move on it and 2 buses never came! 


OF COURSE I'll go to the grocery store mom it's not like I have to pack or do anything tonight  


 I'm going to start taking pictures half  naked for attention .  wat chu mean she ain't no virgin 


Oh, and thanks to those 2 people for unfollowing me on Christmas too!  


Like a proper adult I just went and bought a croissant and got chocolate for lunch.  


   Ya. Loose balls are pretty much all those Peterborough guys are good for. Hahaha.  


Somethin tells me the bunny wasn't the only one drunk lol just found this     now all  have to do is win today,  go to Indy next week and beat the  Should have no issues w that.  


Rams are embarrassing the colts. Good thing the Chiefs have no chance to beat the Broncos.  


 fans, how 'bout switching to the  reunion on the  ?  


Uh oh  found out my secret . She kno I loves her now smh I'm slipping 


 Wait a minute! There are places outside the media capital of NYC? Do tell!  The worrying about snow is so tiresome.


 but that piece of paper you get for 4 years is sooooo important 


Oh is the game over? Darn, I missed it.  


 So you won't tell us who's in the Green Goblin mask? You have failed us, Dan! 


I have all day to wait around for other people to do their stuff so that I can do my stuff.  


God do I love having so many friends who want to hang out tonight.  


Why can't ppl just do what they say they're going to do. Oh because the world would be so much easier.  


 I love a cold damp towel to dry yourself with after swimming! What are you complaining about Zoe!  


I feel so much better about driving tomorrow knowing that MODOT pretreated the roads 12 hours before anything has fallen 


Of course my day off is the day Bama and ou play. I live in a house with a crazy ou fan. Yayyyy.    


The best part of living in a fraternity house is when you want to sleep on a Saturday and there isn't a party going on 


I just love when cars drive really close to me when I run. It adds some excitement. 


As soon as 12 o'clock comes, my life will be totally different because it's a new year and all my problems just disappear! 


Oh look at that. The fam's drunk. SO unexpected.  


I don't really want to tell you shit if your holding out on me.  


   girl you know how I roll when you gotta throw the punches, you just gotta ;) 


 his hand on the shoe and it was double knot-eth.   


Being ignored by you is what I look forward to everyday. 


So funny how perfect and quick and reliable my internet is being today!   


I actually never predicted Cena wud come out...  


 Wow! Guess they really should be  


I'm definitely going into the highways sector!  


Mile HIGH Stadium...ha ok now I get it. That's clever you guys and really nice planning. 


   lol no problem man. I see where it gets misread. I should've used the  hashtag lol


Is nice to know you're still alive   


Nothin beats hanging gutter in this nice warm weather!  


  love how she made a hashtag for her apology. Very humble. 


    You don't say? I NEVER saw THAT coming 


What if Mondays were the day of the week we looked forward to?! 


Cant wait to spend all day tomorrow in platteville!  


Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them.!! 


Yep just you play tiesto extremely loud on the bus, you definitely dont look like a wanker fist pumping to it.. 


  I highly doubt you've watched them all...


 I don't know that looks pretty hideous I think I'll stick to getting battered by old ladies in the supermarket  


My bus was only 30 minutes late and I didn't have to pee 


Thank you minimal Irish and German blood for dominating in winter 


 shooting % is all that matters, obviously, idiot. His s% was 13.2 last year so he's better than Clarkson. 


Shopping in the rain....fun....  (at   NC is a real cultured city with lotsa open minded options for music. 


Home alone on a Saturday night. So f fantastic. 


Is there a movement to make a sarcastic font? If so, I support it!  


"  Whatever on Earth would make you say that about a 4-9 team?  running out of remotes to throw at tv


  As Lee Corso would say, "Not So Fast My Friend".  Justin did not get the pleasure of being a Lynx, sadly. 


I feel like such a wonderful person after that. 


awesome I slept the entire day away, what a great start to 2014  


 but I'm studying the art of subtweeting in college. 


Rock Paper Scissors App... Now you can play a game using hands  with an iPad and hands     nothing I love to do more than  laundry.   


What a idiot RB for Bama, gotta stay in bounds to run the clock out.... Duh.   


 whoops. That must be so much fun for them to be filming these scenes then 


These hand-checks and other ticky-tacky fouls sure do make watching the game a lot of fun. 


 No one could ever accuse you of being a proud Paw-Paw!  ;)


Having sarcastic friends will make you more creative.  is considered a brain stimulant ...and that's why I have 


that was pretty awesome..........for a kicker   


. it's almost as if you've been to busy with a life outside of football.... Nah, that would be unimaginable.  


 yeah geez Jake, play flawless hockey like Fraser 


why am i studying business informatics? oh right, for preparing stupid presentations   


  was joking..   windows embedded is shared core 


 congrats on your stand against free speech. 


Thanks  for conveniently forgetting to report the snow with limited visibility on my drive home 


  That is a top quality salad....looks like you tagged the wrong Tommywills though!  


Alright I have 24hrs to study for 2finals. I can do it!    


really enjoy getting sent pictures of penises through DM. please, send me more. 


First thing we seen literally across the line.....
     ok Johnny let me go all in w/ you on this (not)

  long sleeve shirts and a hoodie with gloves.. ready for 10 degree GA!!! 


 oh, was he not the greatest batsman any team ever had in the history cricket and the font of all knowledge? 


Sharknado.... Movie about tornados with sharks in them. Best date night movie EVER  


 that must have been weird looking at him eye to eye 


 wipes clogging Canadian sewers,  well gee wiz I didn't see this one coming.  


 Marcus Hall walking into the tunnel = super classy.  


...wait, the guy from Fast &amp; Furious died?! My life is ruined. 


Yes I am going to college to get bitches.  


"Nope, didn't even take my finals. I dropped acid instead, not as stressful."  


  I guess I need to include the  or  hashtag in my tweets to Dan. yes  10.1 free update!


Yes, kids, follow  lead &amp; accept my  in case you need something but don't give me yours. Ever.  


Can not wait to get home tomorrow and unpack a weeks worth of stuff!!! 


 release Chris Kluwe for supporting equality. But nothing happens to Adrian Petersen for hating it. That's fair.  


 &gt; Yah, but Trent Dilfer thinks he can play QB in the NFL...that's saying a lot!  


 *** Pretzel chips are the only way for you to think of me....ouch!!

 ;)


 did they steal healthcare from real Canadians? 


 This feel good concert at half- was just what this game needed. 


Really RT   Knicks Could Pursue John Calipari --  


Hey let's lift right in front of the dumbell rack so no one else can get or put back dumbells   


there is nothing that makes your sarcasm less effective than adding  at the end of it


Holy shit, we got so much snow! Wish I was smart like the people at the store yest who bought everything!  


Ohh i get it now. Its ok guys, she made other plans, thats why she ditches ours. Thanks for the invite though. Its cool  t!  


Wow all of the senior photos with those horses look so great!! 


Definitely the best parenting is the parenting that occurs on public transportation    


Why don't I make a video game that allows users to molest cartoon children to raise awareness? Won't that get my message across? 


Absolutely loving Twitter tonight and other generic social network sites.... 


Gotta love going to grandparents and getting criticised 


That's EXACTLY what I wanna see when I refresh my Facebook page.  


good thing we have school today..     love traveling to a warmer climate for Christmas. Utah friends you're missing out.      love when my boss schedules me when I say that I can't work .... 


its a good thing  still talks to me  cuz she doesn't!


  Holding in the NFL? Is there traveling in the NBA too? 


So I got taeyeon HiCut for Christmas -___-    ;~;  oppose stars/angels at Christmas but support snowmen who come to life &amp; reindeer who can fly? Dark magic, I say.  


Sometimes a sound harsh, but a dinny mean it. 


nothing like a pillow fight (aka:  ) to cap off an awesome afternoon of  games... 


 Borgess is a freshman.  Cut him some slack 


 I love taking care or drunk people! It's great! 


I already know this is ganna be the best Christmas so far  


  -44 chill with the extreme wind predicted though! 


Great call refs cause he definitely was holding... 


Love it when the bank charges you for not having enough money.   And this make TA$M's verbal recruits to 49 for 2014... Room for a few more im sure.... 


when you tweet a famous person something you think is funny but they never see it so it goes wasted &gt;&gt;&gt; 


 Yeah...you're JUST LIKE Obama. Hahaha!!! Harvard Law Editor, Senator, President, Nobel winner...yup, peas in a pod. 


8 hours later I finally get internet back.  Thanks for the day off Rogers 


 
I am not saying you are dumb, but if you
ever had a brain transplant ,I would
definitely pay for it.


I love listening to sarcasm by  in the mornings, it makes my day so much better  


Ya I'm probably going to do the AP Busy Work packet Mr. Langill gave us. 


That last retweet brought to you by the  of  Anyone have favorite  videos?  


 come on silvy McCown would have put up 80 pts today....you know that. 


 gosh it's seriously like you read my mind 


If you've had issues and drama with EVERYONE you've worked with in your career, obviously they're the problems... Right? 


Next year Rent with Ruben Studdard as Collins and Sanjaya as Angel. Any other casting ideas?  


 I know lol, seems I forgot my  font hahahahaha


Lovely weathe for a slay ride together with my dogggg 


No way. Never saw this coming.  RT  Report: Rockets' Omer Asik requests trade after losing starting job  how small are ya???  got it....  :-)


4 minute penalty kill ... this should be easy  


Guess who has train tracks and is happy!   happy that I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing in Accounting, Math, and Chemistry. 


Wow sweet shot by Phil in the shootout!!       Might be a game Kessel wants to forget overall, Ty Bernier for a point.


How do Ant or Dec come up with such different questions for each campmate?   


Forest have won the cup now...and the league   


I think giving us a test using words we dont know would definitely be the best choice.. 


Hey Twitter: your Rob Ford tweets are Internet gold. 


Don't worry guys...the food I over ate today won't get stored as fat because it's my cheat day...100% muscle 


This is great. I love it when the Bears are down 21-0.  


 Great.....can't wait to see many new E. Honda players will start popping up now. 


 -  Yeah because praying will make it stop. 


Well YOU seem extra full of holiday spirit today. 


I hate people who can't take sarcasm   


 nooooooo, u ate a cricket yesterday! lol 


Oh and I just absolutely can't WAIT till I have to see you both next week... 


 Wow. That makes me want to answer your text. 



Why would you run the ball when your running backs are your biggest threat? 


man, i'm SO GLAD it's early january so i can suddenly see exactly what everyone plans to eat and how far they are going to run. 


 ha ha.  I'll be living round the corner from you next month...


 Thanks to  plenty of people can't AFFORD their medications. Good going. 


 i have $0.59 cents in my bank account and am going to fail my math quiz. 


Not being able to feel your feet is refreshing  


Perfect. A pervert ghost for a housemate. /Exactly/ what I wanted for Christmas. 


Just unfollowed like 200 people because I'm in a mother fucking great mood. 


  Interesting that the far right are now conspicuously silent considering Z was once their poster boy. 


   Oh. Sorry, I can never tell without the helpful  tag. Stupid technology.


" Coca-Cola admits Dasani is really just 'purified' tap water:  a shock, who'd a thought. 


I hope you're enjoying your best friend-less life. 


It's lovely weather for ducks!   


Arab men be like ^         you're cool, you're in high school and you're drinking alcohol. Such a smart idea! 


I was at the mall yesterday for 10 hours 
Now I'm sick, my feet hurt, and my body hurts a bit from being sick

Yeay



 :"Too tired to function   thanks for the spam poop :) appreciate it 


Looking forward to the chaos that is trying to get back to London from Kent tomorrow.  


I thoroughly enjoy reading everyone's status about what they're  thankful for and how stupid Black Friday is. 


 Well, you found me out. Oh, and thanks for saying thanks for me being your friend. A pity I don't have Twitter... 


Need to go asda but cant cos dads mucking about with the new washing machine thats not working so no clean clothes for us yay 


 somehow l'pool are contenders and  are not. you're such a credible pundit. -_-   


Paul Says wife Is against 2016 bid, and we all know how important a woman's opinion is too Paul. 


I feel so bad for the poor lady in line at the airport ticket counter, when no one realizes how entitled she's supposed to be. 


If we haven't signed anybody by tomorrow morning i wont be happy!  


I haven't seen this challenge before...   


I love how people think they are commentators and are football smart...  


   lolno jokes"  jimmy ur gf must be really lucky 


 Wow, what a surprise lol :P  But to be fair, it's completely deserved


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Always makes me chuckle reading on social networking bios 'Likes: having a good time' ...I personally love having a bad time 


Watching tutorials &amp; I find a tutorial of how to do your make-up like a witch. Convenient. Thanks YouTube!   that wasn't directed at me   


Akekho umuntu oxola than a black woman engaxolela indoda isikhulelisile kodwa hawu umngan wabheda uFILE  thatha MBOKODO thatha 


The reason I prefer athletic club over other gyms is they play Cher- Love After Love. If that song doesn't pump you up, what will 


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA omg you're so funny. you really say the funniest stuff like omg. you're hilarious . 


I am working a 16:00-00:00 shift on New Years Eve. I get to end this year and begin next year in McDonalds.  


Thanks for the brief follow, followed by the unfollow    


Nothing will irritate someone more in an argument than  I definitely won!


  What happened? Had a kid or dated an athlete?    Love her natural Scottish ascent in the Dewar commercial.


For those of you thinking I'm tweeting too much about  lately, I will so TOTALLY take that under advisement. 


Dear Guys,
Its only the walls of our uterus rippin off &amp; bleedin out our vaginas... cramps really aren't THAT bad. 
 


lol I don't think my life gets any more perfect 


Congrats to  on giving the  yet another undeserved  national title!   


My life just keeps getting better and better.. 


Glad you made time to spend at least one day with me while I was home.     


I think I'm the best cook anyone could ever ask for.   


 luckily 99.9999% of the publick regard us as useless and corrupt 


Yes, just because anime shows have characters run around like Shunpei, we should totally allow it in every toku show.  


Just a sloppy game hawks.  Maybe next year when we pick up another  recruit 


Being ignored when you're with someone else&lt;&lt;&lt;  


Studio life!!            just noticed salecich played 30 minutes. Nunn played 14. Makes total sense. 


I'm surprised chick fil a is closed on Thanksgiving 


 conveniently leaves off Calcio, which doesn't translate to football. But that's Italy, so it's okay 


Too bad there's only 3 more orgo labs left in the semester...but there's always biochem to look forward to in the spring  


Ohman, so excited to work on Black friday! Closing shift, shit its gonna be a partaaay!!  


Clan climbed to 2nd in the league at the weekend, oh how I would swap that for Bergin beating Nickerson in a fight  


That the lord I woke up and braved the cold weather for a class with 6 kids in it this morning  


I can always count on Tottenham to get my Sunday started off the right way  


 oh man, that was HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!    


Off to do some Christmas shopping. Yay.  


Merry Christmas...wishing you a blessed CHRIST centered CHRISTmas. Now time to enjoy dat snow outside :D 


 There really isn't anyone in the world that drinks more water than I do cause that's something to be proud of... 


Brogan's mother is totes attractive.  


 GSoc...and here in New Milford, we are playing on a rare combination of real grass and dirt. Very unusual stuff. 


nothing like being ignored by one of your friends 


 You really looked like Toolz in the pic  Those teeth are gorgeous tho.


 "You go, person" is less offensive!   


This is why you can't be a good Christian and still be an Alabama fan.   3am and I still have 4 hours left at work ya! 


  Look at all these people clammoringnandnexcited for Coast To Coast!  


Love it when people tweet but don't answer texts  


If God had really intended men to fly, hed make it easier to get to the airport.  George Winters   


Filling out this form to go to college for free is such a pain in the ass  


Lol. My little sister is too cool for me and won't even let me go see catching fire with her tonight.  


.   Yeah, it's not like influential billionaires pushing  really hard or something. 


Up at 530am, flat tire, shitty roads.. Still in sioux falls and now Tylers mad at me  

Kids still dying every day in Africa/America/Asia/Europe but hope your resolution to go to the gym every day works out 


Just asked an old man what he was reading on his tablet while cleaning and he grunted and gave me a death stare...I love people 


i just made up a cookie recipe &amp; i'm listening to frank sinatra in my pajamas. no wonder i have to fight the boys off with a stick 


Sooooo basically Miley is queen because she can light a blunt on stage?  


I was so down until I see this
  


Wow. Good on those refs for taking control of this one. 


Glad to see everyone in the holiday spirit 


Nice of the defense to choke at the end of the game.  


 You only ran 327m? And you call that exercise?! 


I feel so loved, important, and cared about 


I'm so glad to be back!! I want to learn something!  


 Wow, you really know how to make a girl feel on top of the world, don't ya? 


 What, you don't think Syracuse v Minn is El Paso is going to generate good $ for those schools. What fan wouldn't travel?


My Metra train is currently moving backwards.   


 Ramieres dive was much more cute  


Love that half of the items I bought at  rang up different prices in register than marked on shelf.  =p 


My computer is being so slow &amp; I can't do my work.  


Obligatory  tweet: At the end of this game the  will be losers of 10 of their last 11 home games. 


You clearly have no self-respect because you're not dressed the way I want you to be   


So I'm assuming that's all I'm gonna hear of you?    


A redneck that makes duckcalls, doesn't shave &amp; barely bathes has something against gay people? 
I am SHOCKED. 
SHOCKED, I say! 


  lol, confict of interest...oh no!!  Of course not!!  


Putain TVD ca redevient le feuuuu  tout ca tout ca &gt;&gt;&gt;


Some studies suggest that using sarcasm can significantly improve your IQ. 


Being verbally and mentally abused by my dad in my every waking moment is so much fun.  


  Best feeling ever is having to repeat yourself over and over again.  


So US flags are flying at half mast for a foreign anti-American communist!!!   


Don't you just love it when your family talks about you like you don't exist? 


 you should hear the  remix of Kendrick's "the recipe" it is OUTSTANDING.  he just mumbles until the chorus...


 Um... when a PP goes on for seven minutes of course!  


I get to give the same presentation multiple times today.  Whooo tortilla chips. 


Anytime you can get a guy who plays 100 games a year for the bargain price of 21mil/yr ya gotta do it.   


Its always a pleasure to see two sarcastic people fight 
   


contact looks simultaneous to me  RT  Here's the All-22 view of the final pass to Gronk  many life lessons in  tonight!! Haha.  


No, I'm lying I fucking popped LSD and snorted cocain of a naked bitches belly button.... 


 Telling me I had cancelled the ticket was so useful and has completely reversed my opinion of the whole process 


 that's awfully brave if you bi! Overcoming fears like? I'm only home now. Good day overall for kill 


OD Windy Out Though...Suppose To Rain/Snow Tues GGGRREEAATTT 


Waking up at a sensible time to go snowboarding today was the worst idea of my life    so pumped that I can't wear jeans, leggings, my nose ring, or headbands to school...    


Thank you anxiety.. I just love when you decide to join me at work..  


Democracy Returns to the Senate  4 mob rule! 
whether its right or wrong, they'll bully america to utopia


 I understand that Canada wants gamebreakers like Marleau, Carter, Nash and Kunitz 


Love these  commercials during football season.... 


My dear SMG &amp; FPJ, could u please become like the Kardashians and pimp your babies so a lot of fans can be happy? Thanks. 


Man, Treasury must fucking love working with the Coalition. Because, you know, they're such stand up guys.  


" " your friend who can't fall asleep easily."   aye abena?


Can't wait to spend 6 hours straight taking 2 exams tomorrow.  


When you see a friend with evidently short hair:hey! Hv u had a haircut?
Ans:nah! Its autumn season n I m shedding



Im not sure that everyone is aware its cold outside   


I'm having so much fun at inkwell right now.    oh yay, I'm so glad I'm in that category... 


I love being the ugly one at work Cus EVERYONE listens to me .. 


The Saints only beat the Falcons by 4. Let's criticize the Saints! 


OMG! President Obama has a fundraiser today?!!! Why doesn't he do this on the golf course? He could multi task  


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                


Schools 'making gender bias worse'   


Why don't yall take a few more pics by the Christmas tree.... 


I just really love paying $40 for someone to put a sticker on my windshield and tell me my car runs ok.  


Why wasn't I invited to my ex boyfriends wedding when we were "dating" when it happened?    


Ditched by my "BFF" best night ever.  BIG TIME!! Lil ASSHOLE!!


I can't believe these are 50% off!   imagine what dance Susanna is doing?   


 but They arent giving away free iPads or iPods. I mean what else were they supposed to gift people? 


This baby isn't black at all......    know what I'd do without the informative yet entertaining tweets of rexona...good job guys you're making a difference! 


  Didn't you know if it's not about how you look it's not for you, none of that gadgets, outdoor stuff 


Everyone seems so excited about Bouillion's return  remember when he played for the Montreal Roadrunners  you have a boyfriend? 0.0 well it wasn't gonna work out anyways. 


Its cold everyone dont go anywhere today or tomorrow you might froze to death lol 


I just want to fall asleep but I can't.   


 I'm done got my bags and gone. Just another satisfied customer 


 why in the world does "how" always come up as "hire"...I wonder which is more common?  


Did GTA V really use a quote from Buzzfeed on a commercial?  


Good luck to the  with an ex-player in upper management. It's worked wonders for the  so far. 


  no, she didn't want them OO to draw attention away from her acting skills.... again...never seen it


Doing my best  imitation and hitting the legs real hard tonight  


" Physicists Reveal the Best Way to Pee Into a Urinal  This is from talent at BYU! Amazing 


I've got a migraine and the beginnings of a cold. How lucky can one gal be? 


So the Twitterfeed will no doubt be taken up with post after post about Beyonce's new album. Can't wait. 


I just love it when the trash guys come 2 hours before normal time 


 I wouldn't have guessed that..  I think my new year resolution should be NoBu twice a week..money's made for spending!


 Right, because Iran has a long history of cooperating with international monitoring. 


 shut up. We can't all be perfect like you..       


Denard Robinson turns it over on explosive play. Boy have never tweeted that before. 


Thanks  for messing up Duck Dynasty because a man spoke his opinion.  


Hey at least we raised that Big Ten championship banner......


The TSA agents at MSP are pleasant bunch this morning 


Welp i binged and purged but atleast im not doing coke!  


Spare a thought for the poor dears at the  ! Their morale is low following  ...I am heartbroken   gotta love Winter!         your.best friend is so fucking cool   just bc


loving the hate coming from the choice I might make for ball this year 


  I'm sure the coaches at NU never had rants like that! That staff was so regal and gentleman! 


George Zimmerman arrested after a domestic dispute w. his girlfriend. OMG! I'm SO shocked!     Guess I'll stick to my  diet! LOL    


I just love when you complain about me to me. I'll be sure to change just for you. 


So excited to retake two classes this summer to boost my gpa 


So I can't even get in to the staff car park cos the powers gone. Best start to my Christmas eve EVER..  


Spending Christmas Eve and Christmas Day without my love...yeah because that's just how I wanna spend it  


I blame Nutter for Foles' pick! He shoulda shut down the city like he did the last time it snowed for a football game in philly! 


I've come to understand from multiple people that I am a cunt and a bitch!!      


Tried to make a Boba Fett snowflake...NAILED IT.    Leave it to  to help me brush up on my  while simultaneously making me hungry. Ha! We're watching him too


Always thinks of tweeting something lighter n funnier, bt ends up tweeting on serious stuff!    


 Don't you just love the "Edit" Tweet feature.. 


It's so awesome how people put other people down when I guarantee they know how it feels to be on the bottom. 


Well everyone in my house is obviously feeling the Christmas spirit.  


That text didnt mean anything to me so yah who cares, lets just leave it how it is 


 WHAT!! Are you serious Stoke are obviously the best in the league 




 thanks a lot for letting everyone know the trains out of Newark would be on Platform H tonight. Aka platform hidden. 


 I don't even know what to say about the Jets anymore. They frustrates you, might as well start  


Thanks mom, i just so grate about myself now. 


I just woke up. What a great way to start the day.  


Some people know how to make me feel spesh, so lovely    yes because my life long goal is to have a full length Niall Horan stare at me while I sleep.  


So apparently insomnia is a new found love of mine!! Who new that laying in bed wishing I was asleep would be this fun!! 


I absolutely love it when Ms. VandeWegh crams 6 chapters of a textbook into one test! 


  I thought the Red Wings would flourish in the crappy Eastern Conference.  


Hosting  is gonna be so fun!  BUT I am  for my 


Got the alarm set for 10. I have a lot of stuff to do tomorrow. 


"A male stripper just started following me on twitter..this kinda stuff happens to me all the tiiiiime"    


 The way our  &amp; his cronies are directing our country the  should not feel snubbed but relief 


Van persie still out. Delfou on the bench after winning everton the match on weekend. Good management 


I soon look like pizza     :-)  "Nazi Titantic" w Dad. Would love to say its fiction. Good job, History channel. 


 Yes, because no one ever cheated on their partners before the invention of smart phones. 


What a great way to start the new year  


I love when you don't answer me for over an hour!  you answer me faster when your at work! 


 I love getting hacked by  and    You're welcome 


TIL that US treats some offenses as non arrestable. I wonder what those are because even unpaid parking tix get you arrested. 


 drivers, a friendly tip - Did you know an indicator is to indicate what you're about to do, not what you've done! 


   Yeah because he alone would have us at 7-3, not 5-5. Put him in the HOF!  


Hey  Thx for the follow!  Love it! Hey... "No matter where you go...there you are!" Great to connect!   


 gonna have to send you to straight camp.   


 of course! I always want to go to cooking 


 why would they have reason to fear?. Obamas been truthful so far hasnt he? 


Well thats nice, had a sudden attack of severe thorat pans and it hurts to talk, brilliant thing to happen in a skype call 


   Or were they acting as "trainers?" 


In case you missed my last tweet, that was  -_-
lol


im glad registering for classes next semester didnt make me want to stab myself in the eye 


Gronk needed a hug. What's the big deal?!   


The boys of  are hilarious. I love to watch their episodes over my lunch hour.  


Thank you  for standing up for racism! Why should we believe that people are equal?  cc:  


 LMAO yes friendship! It sounds so so much better  


75 mins to get my bags at baggage claim. Way to go Southwest. 


People that post pictures of drugs on social media sites are seriously so cool 


Yes I love being dateless for a wedding and getting my New Years kiss!  


But we going to the SWAC Championship though    am I glad I left Dawson on the bench.  


Big day tomorrow. Good thing I won't be going to sleep anytime soon 


So apparently not sensing  is a form of 


really? I didn't know the Mongol empire power declined 


I was a huge rugby fan right up till tge last 5 seconds 


Urban Meyer really showed his running back by sitting him a whole two plays. I bet he'll think twice next time.  


 sort of makes meth mouth not sound so bad 


Always love it when the networks cut away for a football injury.  It's out if respect, not because we can use the ad revenue. 


The motivation me and  possess for a levels at the moment should be admired :)  


wow, just wow .__. can tweet but cant even..  


Yes, I really did want to get the stomach flu or whatever I just got while I was home for break 


 United in 2014 played 2 lost 2 &amp; behind in their 3rd game. 2014 looks prosperous for us so far!   


Oh why hello there! Another encouraging, captivating and motivational AD!     OSU offensive coaches, you know what play we should run? Hyde up the middle. Clemson will never expect it. 


  what a class act that Eagles organization truly is.



It's lightly snowing here how am I going to get to work? Heh 


glad today is going exactly how i wantd it to go...  


Really happy I can go to sleep with plenty of room in my bed and without the fear of nightmares  


 wow ha ganda ng episode ngayon. ganda ng Korea. ang ganda ni Sandara. yeah 


   SEC YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE AND BLEW IT the world's greatest team  LOST a game now the conf is out so sucks 2 b u


Connor says such harsh things about people he doesn't like 


welcome to those that have joined since my stupid laptop kicked me off, sorry not frustrated at all  


I love this time of year, when everyone I know leaves town. 


Hipsters... You win okay, we get it, we are all mainstream preppy losers.  


doesn't come back on soon that I need to go and get her and bring her back to my place. Now why didn't I think of that?! 


  Great story on  about family in upstate NY living in a $1M home who is losing unemployment 


 duhhhhh  was tho they adebowhatever there names are should get 40-50 year at least


 See Bob, right there with the former Super Bowl champ. We are close. 


You gotta post pics of yourself on Instagram in your bra and panties for attention  


You know work was great, when you pop in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and drinking Strawberry Rum straight. 


Big shoutout to my dentist for stabbing me with his metal stick. Much appreciated. 
 


Watching movies by my self, that's the shit I do like...



So apparently I'm meeting the Canadian side of the family today...yay! 


    obviously the only way the spend my evening... 


Got my period the day before my birthday. YYESSSS LIFE IS SO GOOD THANK YOU MOTHER NATURE I OWE YA ONE GIRL  


The best part about being home is that I have to play 20 questions with my parents every time I leave their sight.. 


You know PA, I love paying 5.25 just to enter your state.... 


There are no words to express how marvelous blackberries are....  


Fro         what is "freezing" I don't see any refrigerators around?  Are you talking about the ice in my drink???


   yeah and soldado's the best shooter in the prem 


  That's a  record and this is 


Oh you don't look like a super model? Yes. Please post about how sexist and unfair the world is.  


 Well it's Friday yay!  &amp; I'm staying in yay 


 Does anyone know what BTN is airing at 7pm tonight?  What is BTN showing now?


Ranger takes a stupid penalty with less than 2 minutes left   


 ye iss season ki Ashmit patel ha, bethe bethe bimar hojati hai bar bar 


Reveal your sources or forever be lambasted!!!!!!! 


  RT  Packers don't want that vaunted Cowboys defense knowing which QB starts Sunday. Sneaky.


If a person goes to the gym, but doesn't post it on Facebook, are they really there?  


She's a  person. chelseabug2639          the proud(ish) possessor of a Yarus for the weekend   


"Do they serve cyanide or should I bring my own?" 


So made it to Toronto, but now I'm stuck on the tarmac for the next 30 minutes, oh what joy! 


Congrats     Charlie Weis gets doused after Jayhawks snap Big 12 losing skid   i shld includ the ptin for ties, because if there is anything a sports enthusiast cherishes, it's a tie. 


 I don't know why you said  That band is gold


You will only be sentence guilty when you are suspected of doing something.... something!! Ha-ha-ha   


 just told me that my teeth remind her of a llama... thanks Bambi! i always wanted to be a llama! :P
 


my newest obsession cause I need more of those..   love you 3:45am alarm. No really. I feel fabulous.  


Thanks for being supportive and caring.   


Authority with the distraction for the win!! Never saw that coming...    Lame Ending!! 


Dumb presnap penalty just gave NY an extra 4 pts. Blame Pryor. 


On the plus side, we can just concentrate on the treble now .. We were never going to get alll four! 



 your right she's a huge inspiration! There is so much meaning to her music that's what I love the most&lt;3&lt;3 


saints are impressing me. maybe they can win in seattle after all 


" Bods referred to himself as 'big dog'" 


I love going to bed at midnight - it makes an early start seem to come so quickly. 


Anyways. I'm feeling mostly better today. Now to get ready for work. Happy Black Friday!  


That is exactly what I just needed to top off this wonderful day 


 now down 2-0.  That staged fight was a great momentum build!  


  your sympathy does go too far at times 


 Well of course if you pay people more they'll spend more. Stimulus 101. Hasn't Professor Krugman taught you anything? 


I love getting all my quizzes and tests on the week before finals  


Those obviously that didn't get the sarcasm in my tweet, Watson will go out any ball now... 


glad nothing got awkward after I told you.   :/


Okay so we already bought the tickets like a month ago, and NOW the VIP shit comes out.   


I love that my heat at work is set for 66 degrees...   


 Come on Dejan!!!  Assists don't count when you make 8+ million 


  Great people like us only get recognized after we pass away ;) :o) ;) 


Ohh dear lawd people makn me weak af! You need Jesus   


I'm glad the whole duck dynasty debacle is making more headlines in the US than South Sudan is...  


Just at home by myself for thanksgiving. Parent left me for the week and I have work tonight. Great way to spend my thanksgiving....


Gee, I wonder if  could possible be on an airplane. Probably not. 


Ah, yes, the aroma of freshly "cleaned" chitterlings cooking on this new year's eve just brightens my morning!! 


 to be fair Michael you should have been able to predict the future at that point......


I just love working and just now getting off. 


Enjoyed getting stuck in the unplowed  parking lot for a half hour today. 


Gunner 1st Cavan player to get black card  


Wow, ref.  That was the best "objectionable conduct" call ever made.   


Dont you mean ready to stop LOSING LOL...look at their empty stadium nice to see they have fans. Not!  


Start the main part of my weight cut on Monday? 18lbs in 5 days. Woop. 


Guess I can't wear my Westgarth jersey tomorrow night. 


Love how my mom hates spending time with our family on holidays 


you're such a hardass now. like holyshit.   


Heard Murphy transferring to Florida? No one saw that coming  blame him one bit...Hope he goes and shines


I love it when people don't reply...     


 Surprised he wasn't called for targeting.  


Why don't you complain some more. That's what Twitter is for, right?  


It's something you haven't seen on Instagram yet:
A  2 0 1 3 Flipagram    find it humorous when a sarcastic post gets serious feedback.   


Feels so good to be back to the grey December Cincinnati sky! 


I'm procrastinating? Really? Was it the fact that I'm staring at my phone &amp; not doing anything that led you to that conclusion? 


I have to work a 9 hour shift being sick, with 2 hours of sleep! Yay me! 


" Laziness is in our DNA and can be passed down through generations, thx mom n dad  grateful 


 RT  Was on the Badger beat tonight. Tough one for the  Luckily, they get to play Indiana on the road Monday.


I love rumors I always find out stuff about myself that I didn't know before 


This night keeps getting better and better. 


 can you make you storm warning banner any BIGGER. I'm not trying to watch the Lions game at all. 


 it's warmed up to -6 here in central Illinois!    wasn't lying, I was just writing fiction with my mouth   


 Oh boy, the federal magistrate is going to *love* that  


//-Totally not considering making Hakase drunk-  


Texas Coaches: We (Cali) had 16,791 today for all three State Championship games combined! Take that! 


We have no temperature in Pendleton. Says -6 in Ingalls. I cannot express how happy I am. 


Hey y'all ... It's  birthday. He loves tons of attention. Tweet him!  


I love how on the merriest of all nights I fucking get into a fight with my boyfriend.  Just so happy. 


Sweeet!!! My claim for Keenum went through. I'm so excited!!  Get healthy Aaron Rodgers 


Time for my engineering exam.. hopefully all that "hard studying" pays off 


Don't you just love the feeling you get when you find out you're being played?  


Greatest double feature ever. Ghost rider followed by Tokyo drift. Paid for the whole seat but only using the edge. 


Oh no! Better delete anything you've ever said to me in case she sees...even tho SHE'S AN EX!!!   


So pleased we chose today to take a flight!   


It's funny how people think I am phobic to them. I wish I could tell them how wrong they are. I am actually allergic to them. 


beaming because 'twas a piece of cake!      you think things are gonna get better and it only gets worse &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; it's been such a wonderful day!  


Being sick on the last day of 2013 is really what I wanted... 


Most girls: I hangout with guys because its less drama. Me: I hangout with me because there's no drama. 


 lol 10% discount for possible credit card fraud and identity theft? Wow thanks  


Not a bad start to the new year.  Only 18 inches.  is fun  ps.I love you like a hopeless forever alone romantic all by myself.  


Wings loose in a shoot out. Shocking  


Wow, Cobb County. You're so efficient with your time. 


Wow Beyonc's visual album isn't sexual at all...  


That moment when you realize winter break is half over and you're already ready for summer...  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


yay the number changed from a 3 to a 4   


For whatever reason, my bike tires are pressure rated for 350 kilopascals....  good thing my pressure gauge measures in kPa. 


 aw look you dont follow me.. Gah, so adorable :p



I just witnessed the worst drug deal in history. Try not to be so sneaky guys! 


 You should go to the emergency room.  But really, find some bug spray and spray her it's what  does


    0-2 without Perk.  Do you hear this  


Nellie needs to cleanup the  defense here 


Uruguay's decision on cannabis violates international law says INCB chief amongst gasps from the crowd  


Can't wait to be replaced by a PS4 this Friday   


Science has yet to find a countermeasure to the infinity of human stupidity. Good luck, Science.. 


Oh you wear camo? Yep that's about as country as it gets  


Quite the tailgate party for  outside my condo.    has  not retweeted all the positive comments regarding the stadium name change?   


LOL I see TBT is trending and in the uppermost corner is a lovely bluey hued picture of District 12.  


The thort of wrk tomo is makin me so happy rite now  


My favorite thing about Facebook is that all my parents' friends know everything that's going on in my life  


wow,what energy at the United Center tonight for Bucks-Bulls 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 Shea McClellin is an antimidating force in the run game. 


Wow, aren't you just a little ray of sunshine 


Ohh yay... first of the month. These food stamp people are so friendly  


I can't believe that congress expects people to go get a job within 6 months of losing theirs. 


Too bad trees only produce oxygen not WiFi         back pain that keeps me from sleeping is awesome!   


Take an hgh booster! It's gonna make a huge difference in growth/recovery... 


Fuuuuuun day!!   Thanx for pushing me into the pool 


This is just a great way to end my year...     lip syncing during the parade is top notch! 


It's heartwarming how humble and understated NDSU fans are about this match in Frisco  


If you wanna be crazy then you clearly have bright future ahead of you  


 RT " i'm wearing a special bracelet on my wrist...i feel so energized 


 Tell JerryJones he is one hell of a GM for the other 31 teams in the NFL!! Just loving the new defense! 


But this can't happen!! State is genetically inferior!! 


Anyone know any good movies from the ENDLESS possibilities on Netflix? 


Again, thanks for ignore me, I really appreciate it! 


 next three games, all away. Tottenham, Man City, Chelsea. LOVE IT 


 Congratulations! You interpreted this joke correctly!  


Im looking at my timeline and im wondering if it's Christmas 


Hilarious stuff: Time For A Romantic Comedy About Payday Lenders As The Good Guys:       


But we all know Vanek is just mailing it in... 


 It's nice when a Salvatore talks bad about a Salvatore. 


 Lmao Gee thanks I wasn't aware of that lmao  


"Oh you got me an ice skate tree ornament for Christmas? Wow, thanks! I totally didn't have an entire tree full of them already!"



Guess who gets to wear this lovely brace for awhile? This guy! :/     start to St Andrew's days for the Scots. 


I mean I guess these snow flurries count as lake effect right...  


 this thing is such a clusterfuck  


Due to Thanksgiving I've no TV to watch tonight! THANKS!!!!!! 


Wow.  Blake Costanzo on a special teams bone head play.  That's a first.  


  thanks for letting me beta test battlefield 4 on ps4. Last month has been great   


 haha I know. I was trying to make a joke 


Eat another cheeseburger, please....  


it makes me so sad when twig bitches like her get the guys i find attractive... 


Tom Brady repeatedly said "we" instead of "i" or "me" at postgame presser. What a horrible leader 


 that can't be true, we have an offensive genius as our head coach right now... 


Photo: Exactly!            Rogues is just so much fun   dtf?


So. Tired. 
So looking forward to working at 6:30 AM tmw morning! 


I love getting ignored for parties. It's the best   


Found out a lot about everyone tonight, glad to know I have so many true friends 


so glad I came to this bullying assembly to write a letter and then sit in the cafeteria for an hour because I have late arrival 


I love when my dad turns on all the lights on while im trying to sleep 


Our small stupid conversations mean more to me than you'll ever know.   


Oh cool, a white pubic hair! Another notch on my belt. 


I am Surprised that every story on  is about NE comeback &amp; nothing about  big win! 


 Sorry, should have added a  to that last question.


I'm sure this Xmas special is exactly what Jim Henson had in mind when he created the Muppets 


"  ManU is getting chances, although they are mere half chances....but they are trying....."


 already have one sexy;-) I was joking, I do want a boyfriend hahaha 


  proof apparently has no impact on these American Hatriots. Don't you realize the ACA is evil socialism? 


 RT  Fantastic NBA action tonight..love it..expect more of the same Sat night at the UC..Bulls-Cavs! 630 pre Bulls Radio


I love when people tell me what to do.  


Man, I just feel sooooooo bad for Steelers fans and their decades of success and championships.... 


I love how crappy rap artists rip off old great songs to get popular 


A wedding the day in that weather with crutches and a cast, this shall be fun  


Its Friday baby! Starting of the weekend by being late for work. That's going to go down well. 


I've only been awake for 10 minutes to get ready for work and it's already going swell. 


So is anything going on with the Redskins today? 


Buffet, Gates, Soros, Blankfein, Dimon arrived in the Philippines as part of a first wave of promised assistance..(


Maybe if I troll people  will atleast block me.. Any attention is good attention right? 


    oh yeah. Not to mention the carbon footprint. 


Love when most of my check is already gone before I even get paid   


   here's a thought...Just like smoking, ban alcohol from pubs &amp; clubs. Problem solved 


OMG, can't wait for the snow to turn into slush. Like, no way. I love slush.  


Words of the   meister...
If you don't respect yourself other people never truly will...

Thanks for the encouragement 


So glad that the Southern vs Jackson St football game is still on instead if the UVA bball game. 


If you have a problem just tweet it. It'll solve it. Everytime. Most mature way to handle it. 


Do you think I want to put a paragraph on reliability in my essay?   Here are the 18 states that cut  this year. Is yours one of them?   // No IL? 


 will the weather today finally force the Cowboys not to  abandon the run??  


Going to the tutor tonight. I'm so glad I get to teach him how to teach me math. They suck 


My  is never properly expressd in text see my reference list 


Wuhu! Just recovered my mac from a catastrophic failure. Viva La Apple! 


Lows down to -5 degrees F with wind chill down to -23 degrees F. Yay winter! 


Can't wait to work tomorrow. In the -48 degree weather. 


Thanks  and  for helping me shovel the driveway today 


Sickness and finals, such a lovely combination...


 In other words, just enough to sell of draft picks and prospects at the deadline for vets? AWESOME! 


 what are you guys talking about? The only election I know, is happening on the 13th.  


  Ok. I had orders from the university to hire less qualified non-Saudis. It was communicated verbally too... 


 I LOVE when they talk about their "journey." 


I love when  is on the inside of our bathroom    Easy:  will walk in the Habs locker room and offer all the players a one way ticket to Hamilton... 


WHY DIDNT AUBURN GO FOR TWO    we've got another great finish and game here


Everything is so different... After years of the same bull?   


 glad UK got theirs out of the way so you could enjoy the game!  


"Alright, Fine, Ill Add a Disclaimer to My Emails"   


Holy crap, it's cold outside in the winter... Who would have guessed.   


gotta love the burning smell from thanksgiving dinner.... 


Bathroom visits at work/school always take longer than bathroom visits at home.... Hmmmm  


yes, i'm terrorist. so what? wanna catch me? hhahaha 


I swear we have the best relationship ever   Lol she loves to see all these hot   Awwwwwww Saigon got some Drake in him how adorable ^__^  


Yes let's ask for directions and then keep interrupting me pretending you know where you are going...  


Isn't it just delightful when you can't feel an entire side of your body? 


 wow I have never seen that tweet before. 


A filler ep...when they have a ton of material they still need to get through. Surely the rest of the season won't be rushed!  


I truly find it adorable that people think I'm ignorant, or just downright unintelligent. I mean, really, do continue. 


I remember when "Mark as Spam and Block" meant something. Thanks  


 . dressed up for work today.    nothing but class for 


So this new proton perdana is based on the Honda Accord?!?! Awesome. 


Besides the game on my computer, I have heard nothing but extreme wind or extreme rain... I love ohio weather 


I love not being able to sleep - it's great!  


I mean I'm only 30 minutes early to practice.   


 is a   to  , isn't it?  Google has just applied for history's creepiest patent.  Well isn't that fabulous...  


I totally don't mind that my train was spose to be I'm Toronto at 520 and now I'm not leaving till 530.....  


2 hours from RAK to Dubai another 1 hour from Union to JLT   


 obviously! I'm sure it's a gripping story. 


Going to work on this lovely Black Friday. The anticipation is killing me... -_- 


Its good to see that girls are just as supportive for prostate cancer and guys are for breast cancer 


    Well thanks to a white male, you now know exactly how you should feel, as it should be 


what an unreal night!      trains &amp; their service are magnificent, awe-inspiring &amp; breathtaking some may even say... astonishingly marvelous 


my brain is mush today...   oi going to be a loooong day by myself at work  


 Will they be naming an interim stength and conditioning coach for the bowl game? 


One more exam tomorrow, then home for 2weeks...  


Should've gone for it. I want TD's. Screw FG's. 


This day is off to a great start!    


Love the way  isn't at all biased towards Man Utd! 

Swanseas was a lucky deflection, Hernandez - best goal ever!


That was a nice nap. I'm sure I will have no problem going back to sleep now. 


I want to thank  for jinxing everybody with this weather! 


Everyone's tweeting about their good times at some parties and I'm here like Ha. Been to so many parties like can't even count...  


Hey you know what all of your statuses should be about? You hating republicans. That won't annoy anyone. 


The LG G Flex at only 899? So useful! I'm deffo buying one! 


  Sure glad it feels good to be green. 


Lookin' for a heavyweight bout tomorrow? Gotta go for Matt McGloin against Case Keenum  


 RT  Sure, of course, but must, most def RT  marlon one day YOU and I are taking him out for a day


wow, that chicken noodle broth bowl w/ 1 chicken bit, 3 noodle bits &amp; 1 carrot coin was simply amazing    


Well, Fresno State finally lost a game... FIRE THE COACH! IT'S ALL HIS FAULT! AHHH! WTF?!?!





    Well that clears everything up for me.  Makes perfect sense now.  


 Ah yes, the re-freezing of the Antarctic, just as global warming experts predicted. 


 Wow, such an intelligent thought, and it only had 2 words. I'm impressed! 


I love sitting around watching tv on a Friday night! 

I love my family but I'm so bored 


I'm thankful for sleeping babies who wait to scream until I'm two minutes away from submitting an article. 


Silly  pointing guns are for black kids (not white women).  


Nasdaq still below 4K though. Cue the sad trombone sound. And the 


At the Pakistani Consulate. Totes excites!  


I had NO idea there was going to be an SEC Network! 


OMG the  let them score? This defense is horrible.  


I really like not sleeping in. Like its great. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 if  aren't ranked you hate us.  


Boy, I sure do love waking up in the morning to small ferocious beast attacking my face! It's a great way to start off my day! 


I'm so glad that I have a chemistry test on my birthday! 


I don't get how anyone can be on the ball like that at this time in the morning!   


 We're tryna make it so that every American (even kids) has a gun, so that this never happens again! 
 


 not to worry, Roger Goodell will supplant Dana White and make the UFC less violent. For the children, you see 


It's mid November and it's snowing in Chicago? Please stop the presses. This is huge. 


Nw asuu wil callitoff" Lol..." C'mon bro it'll.." Now  won...I tink  strike ..


Going to my old school this morning to watch the Xmas performance. Sure I'll be welcomed with love and affection 


Oh goody  is introducing yet another new male character over 40. 


 after that tweet I'm looking forward to meeting/working with you at alphaBEATS..  


My favorite thing to wake up to is my mom nagging at me how gross the roads and weather are.  


 yes of course, I'll post it down to you. 


"Finally, a 3rd &amp; long for our...Auburn..." Good to know these announcers are neutral.  


 good thing we didn't hire McCoy. Boy his team looked bad tonight. 


It's bring your child to work day, my favorite.  
It's too loud in here to do my job!


    even hamza takes da piss out of him guys using 


  oh I luv wrestling   &lt;&lt; I'd dread having to wrestle  on the daily too


So basically it's Monday, have to get up early and got maths for the first period... What a perfect combo  


I love how my mom intentionally puts my crutches out of reach so I can't do anything on my own.  


 Shocking, completely shocking! And Mike said "yep cuz he worked so hard today busting his ass moving his own shit" 


thanks for texting me guys you're all great friends 


Guys had no idea it was cold out dammit why didn't anyone inform me slackerssss I tell ya  


Love it when people refer to themselves in the 3rd person. 


What? The Duck Dynasty guy is homophobic and racist?  Did not see that coming!    He wears camouflage clothing in his house..always!


 Your brain? Full of smut!? Say it ain't so!  


 I think you're the one who is having troubles understanding the  in my tweet!


Seriously  this is the worst service ever. Kicking people off a flight? You're right... I don't need to be somewhere. 


Wow the walls in my room are so interesting 


Hey guys, guys, guess what? The HOF announcement is tomorrow! Another flood of HOF blog articles to follow for the next week.  


I love when a date turns into a group activity.   


 Tuesday? I think. Can't come soon enough... 


Ah, my first cold of 2014. So glad I'm getting it out of the way early! 


Shocking, really.  RT  South Florida expects SMU to come out throwing Saturday  no when I stub my toe I cuss. I cry when I break a nail. Its just horrifying 


 you will always b a winner in mt boojs     mumabear 


Happy Birthday Miley. I am so excited to be sharing the same birthdate with you. 


Thanks for ignoring me ..... Make me feel all warm and fuzzy...  sigh people these days they know how to hurt.


Best Christmas present ever. Merry Christmas, y'all. 


Wow I just didn't see this champion vs champion match coming....  


 emotional n me?? Yeh aik PTI Wala keh raha hai???  


I get to watch 5th grade girls basketball all night!   


Zero degrees today! We're having a heat wave! 


Stuck in a post office queue. This is my ideal Monday. 


 cherries. Wish key. Sour mix. Firewater. Cinnamon cream rum. 


Well, I got Chandler in the "Which  character are you?" game. That's about what I expected.  


Love it when people make up fake bull crap just to get attention  no seriously ... I do  


Thank you  for throwing that out there and not making it awkward . 


 no. Url were saved by the best player in football history.... Lord Bendtner 


 just like it was before the green brigade GIT section 111?  The Strachan years?  Aye, was mental then 


Thanks Hamre. For the more "challenging" assignment. I really needed that. 


 we are stating facts about our life I thought 


Another   PP goal! Soon the league will have to invoke a "Jets rule".  


  Oh, you mean the one that has Iran and Saudi Arabia on the Human Rights council? 


Love an unplanned-fly-by-the-seat-of-your-pants night 


In the bus going home... cant wait to get home so i can do my homework  


 but they're gonna get their old name back soon!!!! 


I'm overflowing with confidence for this shootout. 


I love it when you stupidly haven't saved your article for 10 mins, the computer crashes and you lose the last 10 mins of work. 


Such a blah  tonight.       Princeton at Boston  that must have done it. A positive sports column by the local beat writer and refs rob Cleveland State.   


Sweet. So it's -47 out, including windchill (-17 without), AND the electricity is out.  


Train capt announced that there r downed power lines on the tracks. That was 45 min ago. Good thing Im in no hurry.  


 I'm pretty sure that will stop people from smoking. What a great idea. 


.... thanks America for such thoughtful news coverage. ..


So much love for the Cowboys and Eagles on my TL. Keeping the holiday spirit alive I see. 


But because I believe in solutions other than raising min wage, I hate poor people.  


Love my fucking cat when he takes a big giant stinky SHIT 


Just went to check out an apartement and looks like im gonna be paying $1100 a month    But it's beautiful so it's okay


My little brother made his Instagram name "Hyllabilly." I'm so proud.  


It would be so much nicer to have an outdoor stadium and spend 4 hours in 20 degree temperatures. 


don't you just love when you have school tomorrow, and you cant sleep?  


Indeed!* It is what it is!         cant wait to keep reading all these blogs about how to live the right way and what not to do. 


 Nice, lowered emune system from meds make colds last longer. 


 wait......... you're gay?!?!    


I am so shocked Jameis Winston won the Heisman



Quite classy if you ask me.   RT  I literally couldnt think much less of Mark Gandler.


 no I did, do us a favour whilst ur sitting at ur stat station take a snap shot of the festa game and post it 


Cuz when I party, I automatically start hooking up with people. Yea, that's how I am. 


 But you're so pretty!  You must be a horrible person!!  I hate you already on principle. ;x  


 what's up with my signal? I'm missing a very important  Divas tag match?   


Good to know everyone can get along.   


 'featured'(shit) gifts.
1. Printer
2. $MSFT laptop
3. $AMZN fire
4. another printer
5. paper shredder
6. labeler

 


You've deleted me from facebook. Words cant describe how hurt i am... how will i live?   


Twitter law says using that name &amp; 'class' together requires  RT:  Yep. That Urban Meyer is a class act


Shocker!   Marcus Vick ARRESTED -- Driving While Stoned in Georgia [MUGSHOT]   snapchat for not letting me know my baes snapchatted me 


Geez I hope the plow trucks come through soon  


 excellent work with the telestrator on that  blitz.   Wait which way did he come from 


I love how the  just eliminates the rest of an article in the NFL game summaries to make it fit the page. 


 lol that was the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me...  a lot of it


That two kill with the KEM Strike  dedicated to me though    


"  New in Denver Escorts: Nadia - White Female Black Escort"  that's not confusing at all.... 


A day of arguing and hatred. What a wonderful Christmas eve!



I love it when your teacher purposely make you feel like an idiot. 


My ass-hat of a cat just scratched me. Love ya too. 


 wow! Obama says no plans to prosecute you  That must be a relief. 


" Meyer won't suspend any players  for this week's game unless B1G dictates he must."&lt;---Well I for one am shocked. 


Man....all this ice is crazy in Hendersonville. Meteorologist's nailed this one 


In relation to the last 3 retweets. I'm SO glad we are having the World Cup there next year!! 


 RT  When you're hungry but don't know what to eat...isn't that just an amazing feeling   


Changed my religious views on fb to Satanism and nobody even noticed. 
I feel the love. 


 Maybe should try to put wolters in....but then again doing good without him 


Really good idea to give us a possible essay question on a subject that hasnt been in the lectures yet. Great job 


 Jennifer are you focking kidding me?  If you start now...it's not too late...


  I deserve a deal because I've been shopping all my life and still have nothing to wear. 


So glad I need to be at work at 5 when my first table doesn't come till 7...  


" Cold-resistant cockroaches discovered in New York   


Yes Tendonitis way to kick in right before practice... Great timing... 


 And all b/c we have such a forward-thinking governor, Pat McCrony!  Oh, &amp; his Rep henchmen, the NCGA! 


To be the perfect girl, you only gotta stop having feelings, opinions, and lose your self respect. duh  


Great foul Felton after great defense from Melo 


  pwy ma o chwara i dwa? Byth yn clwad chdi siarad am fo gei 


 that's a shame, yours is really interesting. 


Another horrible loss for the Lions. Didn't see that coming... 


I can't wait for Chelsea to be my New Years kiss tomorrow   


  Well at least they can't be called racist! 


The NCAA should just make another division and have all the  teams play each other. Bump everyone else down. Too far?  


Wow, people are amazing drivers when it's raining. Can't wait for winter.  


I think we have an away game next week...    Calm yourself.... //Well that is totally not awkward 


 I'm a little disappointed I didn't get my $1,000 purse everyone's been talking about.  


Forgot I don't get out of class until 6:50 . . Y'all have fun at the game though . -___-  .


Big deal, Bama gets beat by a guy running from far away. Y'all are tying down my TL and making me miss a lot of UK/UTK information. 


Photo: Im not a   I swear. ( I am.  No but for real, Im feelin this   dare you not say OSU would beat them by 30, support your school  " San Diego State is going to win the Big 12.


Why hasn't  abjectly condemned ASA Israel boycott vote yet? Is she a secret Israel hater? 


Impressive defense in this quarter by Clemson.  


  let me tell ya bout it so is getting wasted all the time and stopping our metabolism for days  


Awesome my favorite season winter. First snow of the season      room is sooo cold it's restricting me from getting out of bed,it's alright it's not like I have work today or anything  


I have to get my blood taken on jan 6th. Then after that it'll have to be taken every 3 months. Woohoo messed up blood! 


I just LOVE being left home alone every weekend with nothing to do....not     


Stuffed up, got the cough, headache, sore throat. My kneecaps out of place.. Wearin a stabilizer. On crutches..  


Nothing better than Birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese's...yah!!! 


Love seeing my 'favourite' person on a train. Hitting someone In the back for a made up reason. What a hard man... 


 hey did you pitch in the MLB? You don't mention it enough.. haha 


How come they don't show RG3's wife in the stands like they do Romo's wife?   


Glad there is not a hidden camera in my car!   


Mmmm! My mom is having scrambled tofu for breakfast     what's what supposed to mean? whoops wrong emoji. 


Lol  I believe I just saw Nick Young's first career assist.  


Nah it totally doesn't creep me out when I catch someone staring at me while I'm working out... 


 no...not at all I laughed, those were tears of joy -_- 


Ohh Blake Shelton, you know me too well..          all hope those 2 bastards don't get beaten in prison too much aye?  


 you're right - regulating companies, especially those that kill poor people, is bad for people. 


Sam Bailey is Christmas no1. Fantastic, another person who gets lucky and gets millions. X factor you are a joke  


So glad all of my friends are somewhere else for NYE.  I love my fam and all. But wouldn't mind a diff NYE experience...


 school board is now hearing an update on student assignment (my two favorite words in the whole world) 


Scheduled to work on christmas eve? Thanks costco I didn't wanna drive out to Lindsay and see my family anyWAY 


I think it would be awesome if  would play baseball but he might be too short to play second base 


First huge thing of the new year: my car died going uphill. On a curve. On a busy road. So much fun. 


OMG Patrick actually get to be in A scene with Robin tomorrow!?!?   


Went through at least 2 boxes of tissues since I've been home. I just love being allergic to my house  


What a great decision. Appalachian State's New Logo Might Have Been Drawn By A Child   via 


 Yeshhhh pros to being the only child &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  


No ones MCM once again? -.- oh well I didn't give a fuck anyways 


  Gee: I wonder what side Bob will take? 


Yes Dad, I totally wanted those ice cubes down my shirt while I was sleeping...
 


Why was I blessed with such stupid people in my life???  


"   &amp;  Prettiest girls I know ;)   aww


"Just hide your heart and don't let anyone know what you really care about, so then you'll never be judged." -  


I love it when my headache starts going to to my eyes as well feels so good 


So, my New Year's resolution about spending less time on social media is going really well so far. 


Oh yay!!! Time to get ready for work!!    


George Zimmerman has been arrested (yet again). Don't know about you but I am shocked...shocked I tell you.  


To top of the best week ever my tire just went flat in the middle of town  


  Does stubhub post the prices for HOF votes or can't we have a system counting number of Facebook "likes"? 


Perfect way to end the semester if I do say so myself  


oh hello wisdom tooth. nice to see you've made yourself comfortable in my mouth   


I just jumped up in down in my living room watching the Auburn game alone. If only I was this excited about Jesus.  


Thank you  for showing a whole evening of fat shaming programming. You're awesome. 


*sigh* I guess I need to attach a  hashtag to my tweets now to prevent this kind of shit.  formally introduced the love story 3/4 into the story, great  


Way to go bears. Way to play until the whistle and pay attention 


This day just keeps getting better and better... 


I gotta say that this beard is coming along rather well. 


On a miniscule level. I mean who cares about fish right? 


over worked... unappreciated... stressed out ... exhausted ... broke???  welcome 2 my world =P
 


I love being tired, but unable to sleep...I didn't really care to get rest before finals...   


Big thanks to the Trin grounds crew for cleaning up all the ice, us wearing sperrys really appreciate it!  


Not everyone favorite my last tweet at once....thanks to  for favoriting it first 
 


 Stats help d on Thompson 8footer was impressive. 


Love when your only wanted when it's convenient for others... 


 Said it before the game even started wow 


Tonight just keeps getting better and better. 


Well has the black card been received positively then? 


Yay! Teaching hours increased to 18hours per week starting next semester. Syukur saya masih ada kerja. Kalau tak suka, boleh blah. 


Waiting until 10pm the night before my bio final to study has probably been one of my better decisions in life 


 Sorry I didn't have the proper hashtag.. there's no answer to why we must, we're just told we must. it was 


 Don't be so superficial rach, I love whales!  


I've got Isabella flooding my timeline. Thanks. 


Such a lush fry-up made by  this morning  


'new year new me'. please excuse me while I: regenerate, level up or expose of my current host.    


Nice Canon I'm so glad your camera cleaning &amp; lens cleaning has gone up 20+$$. 


hardest part of  is cheating off somebody on a  cuz that person also goes to community college  


I can never tell when its someone's birthday...loving social networks and the personalism everytime



Yeah, i'm sure buying your coffee is going to make my dreams come true....



For all my Twitter followers that have their tickets for the Super Bowl  MetLife, you're not allowed to tailgate.Why bother going? 


 well yea , cause with the season on the line who wouldn't want Kyle Orton starting?? 


I wish I could start every day like this.   you haven't told  Happy Birthday today then shame on you! Give the guy some love... He'll love it 


gosh I wish Audra could sing. like seriously get some talent  


I love how my mom is making me walk to work in the morning in the 18 degree weather.  


 tell that to Alabama fans. Don't waste my time. 


 Yeah! That'd be good..! Import them illegally :)



Lose 7lbs in 2 days: DAY 1: Throw up any food u attempt to eat. DAY 2: Stomach nothing but a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  


You know it's cold in SoCal when I turn on the car's seat warmers! Brrr..it's 50 degrees. Arctic. 


Writing a paper on the Jungle is exactly what I wanted to do this morning 


 why is that a problem for him?? He's the special one!! 


Lol I just love the way some men compliment girls..   


3 fouls on KU, 0 fouls on Duke. What a shock.   


 - that's what I'm talking about!!! We need more  on twitter


Back to work tomorrow after 2 weeks off. I'm so fucking excited about it I don't think I'll be able to sleep to tonight. 


I'm gonna stay up all night arguing with   YAY!! 


Ahhh congested traffic, how I have thee  


 Omg, me too! What Holiday Gas Station do you work for?  


Its lashing down and thunder and lightening! Lovely weather!  ;) xx


 if there were a cliff nearby I would jump.  


 cuz obviously you need a 1/2 naked woman to sell the zombie apocalypse. Obviously. 


Yayyyyy just got my post at this time. Fuck me they musta put a rocket up his ares today  its Saturday get a fucking moce on!!!!


Also it's nice to see the Heat faithful fill up the building for the game. 


Fantastic play calling Mike. Playing for the win, obviously. 


Damn Stanford's run got stopped again? What a shocker 


Exam time. Only 40% of my grade. Piece of cake.  


I absolutely love when I fall asleep early for once and then wake up for no reason and can't fall back asleep   


 the words applies to private companies is also next to the entire Constitution 


Cool, bro. Just answer your phone on the fourth floor of the Ugli and sit there talking on it. I'm sure noone will mind. 


I totally predicted Kyle chipchura and Tim Kennedy to be in coyotes top 6 and ribiero on the 3rd line 


Hooray!!! Class the day before Thanksgiving!  


you're with him but he's sleeping with someone else?   


 That wrap looks cozy...all bundled up in his rubber wrap...


New  :            Heart Will Go On - Recorder By Candlelight by Matt Mulholland:  via  I cried... So emotional 


Ready for the weekend? Sure! I guess. Fun fun. 


I LOVE how  data SUCKS bc wifi is off.    


If I can't spin around in mid air and still have great accuracy in  I'm not going to buy it  


I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. YAY they aren't walking down!! 


 maybe, I'm in CT so I'm used to it, I'm really looking forward to shoveling later tonight Lol 


It's nice when someone can reply to your  with sarcasm instead of just getting offended..


I don't like your happiness. I'm miserable, so I want you to be miserable too. That's why I try to convert you to atheism. 


I forgot how much fun it is to drive in LA.  


I love hanging out with people who sit on their phone.   -_-


I'll probably be able to considerating Immediate dismissal as my back up but "it" have to effort as goodness as yours  


I over think every single possible thing, it's a great time 


This is just the topper to my perfect day  ha 


 wooow you don't know how much good you've done by sharing dis with us 


RT  the "disrespect" lmaoo     mistook my finger for a bagel and cut it with a bread knife. Definitely a sign of a good day to come 


This all nighter just turned into me goin to bed at 4 am. Tomorrow should be fun. 


look out the window and someones just throwing up all over the neighbours house, isnt biddulph delightful? 


 glad you left without letting me know. 


Well.....a   .... Everybody should get one! skjilt!  I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.
 


Thank god my windshield wipers work in this rainstorm.... 


You're so great at making me dislike more &amp; more people each day  niceeeeeeeeee. 


Whoooooo a three day week, what an efficient system of learning!
  


 When ppl don't reply&gt;&gt; makes me feel great!!  


  Gossip of the split has already hit London-glad to see AJ is being sympathetic!!! 


I love that my brain thinks I don't need sleep and can function fine without it! 



Your   is sooo  rather be looking at my desk   it's cold out? Hmm I guess once you've been out in it for the last couple hours, it's not so bad. Lol 


I was playing the slot machines today and this guy looked at me and smiled. He wants to marry me, right? I'm so into him! 


  Everyone knows it's more efficient to use extra code rather than specific calls that do what you want, duh. :D 


 can you guys like email funds so I can sign free agents? Lololol 


Nothing like your skirt blowing up from the wind. It's fantastic.  


I couldn't resist. This made me lol. 

      MU sent an email telling me to stay warm hOW CUTE 


Love getting the reminder meeting text when the person who sends it is the one who's late  


Why doesn't WSU have an amazing sports column writer like ASU?      Im happy to see WSU win 


The coalition government is totally rocking it these days  


Oh you like other people, thats cool.  


Cracked the back of my phone yup my day is going amazing so far.  


 so creepy Creepy? Ooohhh noooo, I think he is kind of sweet. 


So excited about going to my grandpa and seeing my family and spending the whole day answering awkward questions   


Somehow the  played 10 fewer minutes than the  and still won by 9!!    Angry? What of course not.                                                       Bones  


Bendtners time to shine, show everyone why he deserves to be proclaimed as the best in the world n future Barca star! 


Always making me feel lyk shit...wat a great family huh 


Sorry for the confusion. I am not blind. I just cant see well. Too much 


When I'm bored, I eat.  

When I'm happy, I eat.  

When I'm sad, I eat. 
  


O man Call of Duty Ghosts Cod Caster isn't working? Oh man I'm shocked. How could this phenominal game break? 


  because poor people are poor and it their own fault. We shouldnt help them. Duh 


Thanks  I didn't realize the Washington quarterback is one "Robert Griffin Jr." 


" God gave us our mouth for one reason - to glorify Him."And for something silly, like food so we can grow, and EVOLVE. 


 Glad I get to watch the FCS Playoffs this weekend!    


.  
But Organizing for Action needs you to help sell their gun grabbing program!! Where is your heart? 


Super fun to see your home invasion make the beat.   art, English, German, Mathematics  
y e s 


Dead chuffed to know that I will miss  performance and broadcast. Also, that I will miss the airing of  ! 


 well that explains the below average IQ of the jocks at my old school :P 


 ur just so hilarious i had to repost ur tweet about netflix fireplaces 


What a perfect dull afternoon to be bored to death  


that good ol Bears defense. its just awesome to watch 


Best way to get a retweet is to have a pretty face and then even if you say shit it works :) 


Ladies and gentlemen I finally have a new door, life is good 


Yes cause going to her house us escaping responsibilities 


Waking up with the runs is just the best, let me tell ya. 


 coming from a locked Twitter account holder Id take that as a heavy ass dose of  ;)


Thanks for deciding it after my dad &amp; brother went to work   Raised travel warning to RED in Indy..."


Love it when my bench Fantasy players score TD's!   


 About as genius as watching paint dry. 


Last week in gaming:  outsells everything and  outsells  Yep.  is dead all the doomsday stories are true. 


 Shocking joey doesnt like a good movie  


Thank you, stupid little girls for knocking on the door, freaking out the dog, and waking the baby. Really, Thank You So Much! 


 good things health insurance agents get lifetime residuals 


My actual LOL face....     that Chiefs defense is soo good.  


I party hard. I spent last night in footie pajamas, watching tv with my younger siblings. Watch out. 


The scammers today are so slick, arent they? You would never guess its a scam. 


 He's was jumping out of his skin up there lol 


 It's not his fault. He must still be recovering 


Kendrick Lewis got beat deep, that's never happened before.  


  a red soxs fan saying the yankees are guna be bad.... Haven't heard that one before 


My  is a   goes in,  comes out.


I have so much to do tonight. Wow im excited.  


. won  person of the year? What?!?? I wanted     


Well I think that went well...thanks for your support guys  


I love being able to breathe out of just one nostril.    


Had to do it with retweets but I did it. I spammed some Muslim quotes. Nothing better than good religious text. 


Oh don't worry that is exactly what I want to be doing on my Monday! 


So I finally learned how to spell Eagles thanks to the people at millers ale house. Couldn't have done it without you guys, thanks! 


 Omg Kirk, you don't like Man Of Steel. Shame on you sir! 


 I NEVER DOUBTED YOU RORY. Lol  Must have been the lone man on that island!!


 surely an out of this world bass playing (other instrument playing also available) commie liberal without a clue 


i love being ignored. it doesnt make me wanna come break your window open and kick you in the face at all. 


14- you're one of my best friends your freakin hilarious! Your pretty tall  and your v-ball hits are amazing


Happy finals week everyone.      please dont act so eager to wanna hang out with me  


Great way to end the night.... No seriously ... That made me feel so much better 


Wasn't enough room for the  tag in the last post...


Ezekiel Emanuel is haunted by the dead fish his brother used. It explains  


Hahahawhat a beauty!  1-1 Kadri scores

 


Hmmmmmm I guess my texts aren't going through   


Tremendous turnout for class the day before Turkey Day. Lots of eager young minds ready to learn.   named People's Sexiest Man! ... what a terrible choice...    -  what is " I do not understand what you are trying to say.


When the first thing your director says is "I hate this musical," you know it's gonna be a good year. 


THE Funniest Shit Was When Mfs Tried To Say I Was Gay, SMH That Made  A Lotta Sense    


Do krocodil. It makes your skin beautiful.  the fuck is wrong with this shit?!


" 5 points clear at the top of the PL,qualified for last 16 of CL from the toughest group.Why is life so shit to us. 


Is this inappropriate for the office gift exchange?     why are vindicating Justine Sacco?! I thought this was 


 but but but Chip Kelly has a system!!!!!! he needs a running QB 


Katie is  the office for the New Year instead of home with the kid.  What a way to start off the New Year.   


   But it's been almost 2mos since  Sami's been in a murder storyline!   


Txs media for reminders to be patient w/ holiday travels. I'm sure many in heated moment stop &amp; say to self "They said to be calm" 


Thanks for that essay during testing week Coates just what I need 


" OMGAWD Rob can't celebrate Thanksgiving!! He's from England! He can't eat Turkey and stuffing etc!!  


I think this one came out really well....   With way hes been playing its nice to see NYR have so much skill up and down the lineup that they can scratch Miller. 


So I get the privilege of working on Black Friday.... 


The billing cycle on my phone ends in 3 days and I've used 16 mins of my unlimited plan. Feels good getting your money's worth. 


 its the land of enchantment how could it be boring?? 


Miley Cyrus Wrecking Shame.         c'mon Mike, don't you know about those early 1900's national championships?  


 School still going good? Nope I thought it'd be cool to screw up on the last year 


Sounds like my kind of answer...  at its   packed full, I've no leg room, but sure it's a great idea to lean your stupid seat back so you're comfortable. Go ahead. 


Harry; wouldn't mind something nice to wake up too...    me; *sends a picture of my face*  


Great conversation, mom... Thanks...  


Just realized that what I've been studying for the past two hours was the wrong material...   


Heading downtown tomorrow! Can't wait to do nothing as my sisters try on clothes all day! 


Alright then don't talk to me all day..  


Got to go to the doctors at 8:45am on Friday, looking forward to it 


So, Seth Rogan involved with a Preacher adaptation possibly maybe?
Golly, I hope it's every bit as good as Green Hornet...



True Story. IDGAF. Captain of Team Sarcasm.        no way man. They grind and play hard and are proven vets   


So Diamondbacks will announce new stadium in two years?  


 well he's such a bad player and not NHL ready so no one is going to pick him. 


I'm so glad  thinks the pope is too liberal. I was eagerly awaiting for her esteemed opinion. 


Sitting revising on a Saturday night topped off with a curry, what could possibly be more exciting!? 


My power button won't work on my iPhone. Fantastic.... 


For those of us who have just had enough!       


Clumsy from cleverly....and he was having such a good game haha 


I have no plans for New Years Eve. Yay!!   


Looks like my weekends going to be super fun 


I started the KC Star subscription back up starting this weekend... You know for the ads and coupons 


 I'm not a piece of meat gosh but yes you can  or  ?


 thanks for the summary of the movie bud. 


Wellp, time to go spend the next 6 hours with my favorite subject.. Psychology  


I wish some people start using glue instead of lipstick  


Thank goodness that Grantham's job is safe at  Great defense on that 100-yard pass play. 


 maybe that Govt can pass parallel laws from Ram leela maidan.   


Oh boy I get to work on burger night. What a joy it is going to be.  


Hey there sir, I'm not sure your headlights are bright enough.    that? You have problems and you put that shit all over Facebook? Great, cuz I am so interested in your failed relationships. 


 MT  Take that Ujiri. Bargnani's two straight Js give NYK 69-62 lead. Y are fans thinking Ujiri won that trade? TBD.


when your mom leaves at 9am and forgets about her daughters at home alone bored all day &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


  makes headphones? Here I thought luggage would be a priority ! 


  uses the Rooney Rule more than the  does. 


So so glad I'm in work today no really I am. Really glad I forgot to book it off 


Perhaps Edmonton would be interested in Rosehill now that he's a proven goal scorer...  


There's nothing so relaxing as a sick husband.   


 yup! But at least we don't have to face that powerful UCF team in the Fiesta Bowl! 


Best new twitter account? Most definitely...    now what if a black person sees that haha 


Yay for dry air and random nosebleeds!  


Rule of life  - My brothers opinion is always right no matter what, even when he has been proven wrong multiple times. 


Yes people that is snow on the ground!
 


success doesn't give you the right to become an asshole,,, Thick  watch their face! ;-)    


  I think its because Tom Brady is in the NFL, not the NBA 


How did Mother Nature know that I wanted a power outage?  


I am  in     &amp;         can't wait to hear about how awesome Logan Thomas is after tonight's win.....


Yeah the weathers awful... So glad they canceled the game!!  


    oh life, aint it obvious? 


Checking ID's at the gate,  Man, you guys know how to make me feel safe.  Thanks for making boarding a complete goat roping.


We get a snow day and I get to stay home and babysit by myself..  


12:30am was the perfect time to watch the most emotional episode of Parenthood and sit in bed crying - I can definitely sleep now. 


  I won't argue that... Way better than anything we have currently, except for maybe Grebs... 


 Agree with the 1st 2. Who the hell is Will Fraser? 


AJ states some Muslims in  saying some french soldiers  treatment of people not neutral .  Can't possibly be true! 


I have officially reached the point where I'm so tired I cant sleep... I love car rides   .....


This is going to be just a fucking fantastic day   


Oh damn, got my interview date for leeds city college. Erm I'm not worried at all... :/  I'm actually having a panic attack -_-


   don't be afraid, black ppl aren't best at everything.  Snowboarding next.


Well my timeline is great. Fucking quality lol  


Auctioning your personal items and keeping 90% to yourself. I didn't think hating her more is possible   


Whichever flat mate thought it would be sensible to have a shower in the only bathroom with toilet roll I salute you. 


This. Is. Killing. Me. RT  Well, this game has been ugly so far. At least I've seen a lot of fouls! 


 surely this got a big round of applause from the assembled media 


Man I love being tooted when I'm waiting on pedestrians to cross on a green man 


Here we come 2014! Excited to see some versatility from Costner next year in theaters!     hey we didn't lose to an 0-8 Jags team, we lost to a 3-9 Jags team, respect 


Anddd here come the ten million tweets of upset usd students bitching that the yotes lost to state..  


Just listen to that pop when Magnus pointed to Samoa Joe. Breath-taking.   


 what do you mean? You drag a button, you click it, and then it does what we want it to do. 


I'm soo selfish toooo I don't know why people ever ask me for anything cause I never do anything for anyone else 


  U mean the films with Asian women as math geeks, ABSURDLY quiet, &amp; martial arts pros aren't accurate? 


 It's nowhere near as significant as 30.6% or 18.9% that's very misleading.  


Anxious to hear yet another "new" version of Silent Night tomorrow. 


The president is the most trustworthy person in the country 


  Wait, books have gender identies now?  What will science come up with next?! 


   should've put this at the end of my last tweet  lol better! :)


Strange, didn't see anything about this on CNN  


missed field goal!  that's a game changer...the momentum has shifted!
  


Ah, money off in wetherspoons?! Now there's an incentive. 


 a whole car jack, so spoilt  poor rich kids


People hating on  for his column, because their opinions are better, clearly. Sheesh. 


Oh man. Sexual paraphilia's the best topic to study ever. 19th-century sex can take a backseat now. 


  obviously, only the great teams are at the very bottom of the table 


 I always assumed it granted partial ownership over the artist's soul, I mean.  $10 is a lot of money!  


Flipping tire tractors at 5:30 on a Monday morning is a great way to start your week  


I don't want to cuddle or anything right now...  


 what do you mean life size? Are the ones we have now fake size? 


I love when people have time to open my snapchats but can't text me back.  


Just got invited to participate in an one hour event during working hours. Sure. I'll squeeze it into my 60hr week. 


My country cousins always answer my questions with "Jesus Christ!" or "Our Lord and Savior" ... it's really cute. 


What an amazing Christmas eve I'm having.   


 Dude you're missing out on some great fun.... 


Every time I breathe, I cough. This is a great way to end the year. 


Wow. In order for me to send my portfolio piece to UCF I have to buy a membership on Vimeo?   


These bruises on my arms are very cute.    


A cross and angel wings tramp stamp.  


so now it's all about the 'bikini bridge' does this mean I get to stop working on my thigh gap?   


 Appreciate your interest in the basketball game!


I've been informed I'm going shopping tomorrow. Whoopee! 


Hubs is gonna be really happy when I make him watch Nine Months as soon as this game is over 


There's no better way to salute America's Veterans than with 25% select mattresses.  


"Leonardo DiCaprio never died in Titanic. Last scene: him going underwater. 1st Scene in Inception: him waking up on a beach."



Pretty pumped I get to miss the Christmas Eve celebrations this year! Thanks  


I'm so happy jimmy took the time out of his day to come visit me. NOT. 


 you jinxed bishop in the pre game show about no fumbles this year didn't you? Lol 


I'm in Newark, my bag's in LA and I'm getting to Palm Springs via JFK? WHAT. Thanks  Thanks a million 


Giggs clearly looking out of his depth and lost tonight, Souness was right!  


First ever end of the semester tests should be fun. 


 sure it does  haha the life of every 12th grader rigt now.


 time. Naya isn't in a good shape. That's why she is in detroit looool 


Man being home is always the best on Christmas break!!! 


The Phillies, in an attempt to get younger and faster, signed Marlon Byrd and are looking at Jose Bautista.  


 My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


"Sunderland in talks with Brighton duo...." Didn't see that coming. 


Today I found out my soul mate is Harry and Bieber is my idol..  


I love being forced to do things I don't want to do.  


 All those career assists weren't a fluke??



Slicing your finger open on the way to class is a fun time I recommend everyone try it 


Can't wait to go on Instagram in the morning and see everyones presents under the tree!!!!  


Man last night was a blast! All that watching YouTube videos of cats really got to me!   


 wins are not as important as the development of the young players. Its a process, to sustain success 


doing 5 hours at work this week, going to be rolling in it this month 


. Having already mastered  additional use of  will not add to your l00t. You must now master LOLs and ROFLs.


Backes hurt. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. 


 oh Hi Jamie, im good thanks, how are you? Good Christmas?  


 Really starting to accumulate here in BG.   minute Christmas shopping is always fun  

At least I get some Pizza Hut cheesy bread sticks out of it. That makes it okay &lt;3


  gays everywhere are super excited. 


Dear you,
Nothing brings me greater joy than having everyone tell me how great you are. 
 


'Participation' its Participation &amp; Action all-in-one, isn't that amazing  


Kudos to the  project team for waiting so long before failing back to the old UI    


 you come up with the greatest ideas!!  


- now would be the perfect time for something to go right.  


Favorite  blooper. We don't have much fun on set.    Halas Hall  off to a great start! That's what I like to see... 


 This &amp; the Campus School story? Really appreciate the circulation of dated, negative news  


Just received our 6th Christmas card. Nice to be so popular. 


awake now 12 hours. 2 more hours to work. then 1 hr to travel home &amp; off to a friend. no sleep for another 8 hrs  


Since we are off tomorrow. Who is in for the Ice Bowl at the Dean. Sleeves optional? 


Is anyone as excited for Almost Human as I am? 


Wonder if MM is alert to the fact that Aidy Bothroyd is now available. That's about our level right now  


Love waking up to someone else's phone in the AM when I work the night shift   


Love getting statically electrocuted in my ears through my headphones from my hair and peacoat   


 knp kah... Nape x setaun sekali.. Bebas tweet youllssss...  


Yes! another midfielder. Just what the doctor ordered . . .   


 you're so funny ha ha ha   it's sick you only wanna prove their relationship is fake just sad hahahahaa lmao


Put a rapper on your country song. That will definitely get you some R&amp;B/Hip Hop Airplay 


 the plot to X-2 was so good I tried to rip my prostate out and feed it to my sister, can't wait for X-3 


 is a rare thing on instagram now a days..   


I constantly forget that we have downstairs neighbours...they just heard me have an emotional breakdown  


I mean, I'm a ginger that works at Chick-Fil-a, what else does a woman want? 


The notebook is the best action movie ever 


Rats in a building in the downtown Eastside? That's some intrepid reporting, province   talking to my dad for the rest of the night... Such a great day off!!! 


 I feel so bad.. Really..   


Ed Cunningham is a really good announcer. Not!  


 Way to represent your team w/ class  Can't wait to see the Packers serve your ass some humble pie today! 


 you must have a difficult life.  


Idk why I'm not upset. Its just all the thought about him changed. Where the gentleman? Or worse, where is the man? 


Oh ya know, 66 in my house. Hope it doesnt get too warm in here. 


Maybe he should do his last RCR race in a 3, and make sure JJ finishes 23rd.  " 48 vs 29 sounds good to me"


Being a farmer again for the first time in months tomorrow.  


It's been nice to hear from you this past few months. 


I don't know if you all realize it but its 11-12-13. And you're probably going to see this 111,213 more times. Enjoy your TL today. 


 that was  I was laying it on pretty thick!


Oh I totally didn't mean to ruin your happiness so you know exactly how I felt when you stole what was mine  


[A friendly heads up, should I "poof!" as the saying goes, it is due to a delightful lack of reception / signal. 


 is 3 interceptions a lot in one game??? 


Great party devin! Thanks for the invite(:  


Mom: "Be careful going to work, the roads are going to be wet."

Me: "Really? I didn't think the roads got wet when it rained..." 


Perfect time for our internet to get shut off  


In Riverside, I like how Mongolia Ave. has become the new 91 FWY. 


 you could just say that your head grew.. 


Olbermann is really funny and entertaining. 


        
STRIPPING AWAY the INSANITY of LIFE &amp; PARENTHOOD!  Next year there will be an away game with the Kings.  


nothing more that i want to do with my saturday than shop at khols with my mom    


 Parents  "Don't talk to strangers but get married with them."  


   You mean, as if it were American history, or something? 


Wow I didn't know MY life experience was all about YOU! Shame on me for sharing it!   


But hey, Bipolar Disorder is trendy, so maybe it'll sell this piece of crap:   


//I truly love when someone replied to you, but your mentions won't let you know about it...  


"I love her. I believe anything she says!" My dad (on Miley Cyrus)   


 Oh, so GROUP work is not ALWAYS appropriate!?!? Whaaaa!?! 


Snow changing to ice on Sunday. Fantastic!  


How will the Patriots be able to contain the extraordinary talent of Brandon Weedon on Sunday?  


Man, I sure love classes where the teacher doesnt grade/hand back anything all semester, including tests 


Hey Cleveland, keep the unwavering love for the Browns up because they are the best team in town.  


 mizzou is so much better we 4-0 u guys a 1 loss maybe 2 loss team we could kill you any day everyday 


 Oh Noooo. Not $2 For NBA Tickets.. Lol.  Wyd Tonight??


That dinner probably cost a full days work for my mom. Thanks bet she really appreciates it. 


General tweet about how much living on a fucking mountain when it snows is so much fun. 


I'm not angry. I just want to break my keyboard over somebody's head. Nope. Not angry at all. 


Walking around with a fag hanging out of your mouth is really attractive... 


Ehh it's really not that bad....     ex texting you*

Ex:  I miss you.
 
 * We are sorry. The subscriber you're trying to reach apparently doesn't  give a fuck ! "




Wow my friend level is just through the roooooof. 


Haha I think it's so funny how when I do something it's not okay but when you do it, it's okay! 


Ola k ace esperando a que llegue la noche  o k ace      can't wait until the NFL Network takes over the Superbowl.  


With guys like this I find it really hard to stay single. No pun intended..  love how people are so intrested in my love life 


Hahaha! I feel bad for Saban after that recovery 


Wow. Your "blue" eyes are so pretty!!  You should probably learn how to use photo editors if you are gonna edit your photos. -S


 I will be home at like 7 tonight though. Oh yeah, definitely missed the mall  


Merry Christmas you get to have your wisdom teeth taken out!  


I'll tell you this, Jesus gets ticked when you buy XBoxes at stores that don't celebrate His birthday right!



Hahaha oh I love this!      one on one puck battle by the heart and soul of the leafs   


Great decision making  RT  Garrett just said that Romo changed the play on the last int...should have been a run


  nice response by the  last night too. At least other teams will be wary in the future...


 Waking up completely sick is the best way to start December.  same 


Try to save some cash bought Teddy pull-up diapers. Thank you for your non- absorbency!  and why do you smell like curry? 


 parenting vs the ignorant world around our kids!           


Lots of Filipino politicians supporting Manny with their presence in Macau this afternoon. Pinoy Pride. Yay.    


 wait what.
you have never been to Gen-X? 


Starting the New Year off with a BANG..... Yea you guessed it!!!! At work.... Sarcasm much?   


Must be national "Talk to strangers day."    


 ur a subtweet wizard.no one could ever tell who ur tweeting about.


Can someone please tell me how cold it is again?!?!  


Having pneumonia is so so much fun. Yay for being sick for the past three weeks!  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Icing my lower back has become part of my nightly routine ever since I pulled a muscle going beast mode on box jumps. Yay! 


I'm so excited to be up and going to work this early in the morning!  That and it's raining buckets cool.


Lawsuits and damages. Well, I wanna why that happened?   


I'm so good at indirect messages that I might as well ' them...  


Is it Tony Gonzalez's last game?? I didn't know.  


its so busy at work that idk how i find time to tweet this tweet. 


Oh you have a tattoo, you must be a real badass 


Really? Brett Favre isn't sure what he'll be doing next year? Sound familiar?   


  how long will it burn if it's not an emergency 


All these jokes about Costa seen in London is so funny and never getting old.   said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


More sunburns, oh yay. And this humidity, lovely.   


    re Harper, non at all re Ford


Rebecca Black is Back...a guess what the new song is!? "SATURDAY!" Perfect sequel to FRIDAY!   its warm here....  .. I am done with cold weather.. and haven't even started the winter  great job in selecting analysts for your show.  You have some incredibly open minded, educated talent.   


 as always  never fails to make your christmas more merrier 


Minus 41with windchill this morning. So very thankful that I work outside. 


I'm going back to school Tuesday and I have yet to do my homework. Guess that's what I'm doing tomorrow.    


I feel like I'm going to puke. Thanks, stress! You're the best! 


   because large families with conservative values are fair game to  


Did you see my tongue implanted deep in my cheek?  


   What am I? Chopped liver? ;) lol  in case you weren't sure ;)


Michael Owen's insightful commentary followed by  coverage on the same day -   


I hate being judged by people who have never even said one word to me.  


...
Me:Well I wonder where they will get the fire from?!?  


Contemporary poetry      


Can't believe DJ Campbell got done match fixing. He was amazing for that game I saw him play for QPR!!!  


Well. My Recruiter is going to put me through hell this weekend.   lol


Flat is clean, hoovered and fresh. What a way to spend my Saturday. 


Yeah this is accurate            to see Dick ("Dukie V") Vitale has continued his objectivity in broadcasting Duke games..... 


Love when my mum leaves me sitting in the car for what feels like hours 


Tully better not bring us back to school for one day.....   


I hate that new tattoo itch... :( good thing I broke most of my nails at work. Yay. 


My favorite activity is waiting to talk to an air canada agent and being on hold for an hour.. 


I can just tell it's going to be great fucking day. 


 can really crack me up.   


 Did you really think I was making an argument? How silly?  


If my   you it's because you are    calls a read option with Tyler Russell on a 2 pt conversion? Nice call 



Don't worry about what ppl say, my wife &amp; I share our birthday w/ friends too, I mean definitely not each other





so now Beyonce and Gaga are gonna have a 'part 2' for their new albums. How  


--Fail--   It seems that Aston Martin has made a more aFORDable version.      


 well the Ravens are dirty too. Love how the media calls it good nose football. 


Love still being at work when the footballs starting soon!! 


  Because I'm sure that was his recruitment pitch 


Ok so I think I should've added " at the end of that last tweet 


Let's pick sticks to see who has to help Lyric with school supplies.. 


Survived an entire day at work. Still feel like death. I'm so brave. 


When  said she and the others were mad at me    home away from home.  ( Audi Sunninghill)  my voice. Hurt my ankle and my wrist. And I'm ill. How could my day get any better? Sarcasm alert    


I'm just relieved that they called off school in every county within a 300 mile radius today cause that was ROUGH. Whew.



OHHHH. It's called "dead week" because I am DEAD and WEAK. just put two and two together. I see what they did there....  


Hearing a guy vomit behind you is like, my FAVORITE part of going to the hospital. Seriously guys, loving this.  


Yes! I do love it so much when you block my sight w/ your iPad just so you can record what I'm TRYING to watch.  


Oh how I love getting off work at 9 pm and going back in at 5 am! 


 whats that the STL QB is talking to the Chi DE and in a friendly maner?  "Vanilla" "not enough rivalries" 


Grinchy people, freezing rain and icy roads these are a few of my favorite things 


now my phone won't turn on this is bloody great 


 And, if you take the first two then subtract the second two, you get 6, b/c he rested on the 7th day!   


LOVE IT when people text me first,  talk for 5 minutes, and then don't text back.    


 It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it... 


Feeling like a ghost in english classes... Nice 


 Dude, sooooooo stoked!         


Almost as excited to go to the dentist tomorrow as I am for my exam next week 


.  You guys haven't answered my question yet. How do I download TaiG and get free, deliciously pirated software? 


I love it when people in a service industry walk away from me when I'm talking to them... Thanks  


 They don't play Feliz Navidad enough on the radio 


 Was very sad to see the Ohio Luckeyes lose.    toseeurbanmeyerlose


once again, that's being very responsible of you. 


In other news,   is sitting at home wondering why he wasn't chosen to the All-American game. Weird. 


 the word welsh has very low significance, I envy you so bad 


I just LOVE when ppl on the phone with me and talk to their background! 


This weather in Dallas is absolutely fantastic 


Perfect way to end this oh so perfect day.  


I just love when girls kick each other and forget that they are playing soccer.. 


Halftime!  Flipped over to the  just in time to see 1 Direction!!  Can this Sunday get any better???  


Ya totally let's go to the bus stop early and go on a nice morning sprint, that's a great idea  


It's now officially the  season. That's right, the kids got their singing cards in the mail from my parents. Thanks Mom! 


Went to bed with a headache and woke up with a headache! Lovely 


 Ithink I was born the wrong skin colour my brother aha joking aside I'm serious  What was your most enjoyed battle 2013


Whenever I post something sarcastic I'm gonna hashtag sarcasm after it because people are stupid. 


  But let's keep giving $ to EPA, Afghanistan, Gitmo, Obamacare, etc. yeah, that makes sense. 


 But then you would just get honest and candid answers from good sources. Who wants to read that?  


 haha thanks ! 2014 is going to be amazing, the best ever, super, top, ha 


I love how I say "Don't say anything to him, it's fine" and she does the exact opposite. I just love it so much 


Always encouraging to hear the doctor say, "scary." And then have you rush in for multiple blah blah with a serious look. 


I'm stunned that it appears Dick Vitale will be calling the  game against  


So stressed for monday classes.   


my life is just a collection of poorly made decisions with alternative music playing in the background 


My dad: kelcy I see you put a lot of time into your hair today. 


  God, why can't I just discriminate against people with out being called a jerk!? 


Nothing like the good old "do something useful with your life" and "you can't stand on your own" to calm the nerves before bed. 


Wow, Target. 10% off?? Gee, I'm so grateful my data was revealed so I could get a measly 10% off your stuff. That makes it better. 


  And all the political parties that already exist are just great aren't they! They're so productive! 


Ahh yes because nothing makes a better evening than heart problems and feeling like you're dying   on a treadmill and only eating salads in 2014    


Loved emmerdale last week oh hang on am I allowed to think that cos I'd OTHER PEOPME disagree I have to think like them no choice 


Well  find another way to crush my spirt. Going 6-10 with a  draft pick will help us a lot more than a top 5 pick... 


Can't wait for this  team against Big10 competition...    


I gotta wake up in 5 hours to go to an airport to get on a plane to fly away from family and my best friends...   


 hmm.. Then you certainly have grounds to speak from a knowledgeable position. 


 oh I got you! What you want? Chipotle? Taco Bell? Popeyes? Whatever you want lol  it's too cold out here for that


Told him to smile, this is what I got... 

  funny how Burger King is trying to compete with McDonald's and they come out with the "Big King". It's so original. 


Thousands dying of marijuana overdoses in Colorado this weekend. 


Back in  I'm so glad it's so warm out and the driveway isn't at all icy.  



Can men and women be just friends? Of course, but only when one of them is ugly. :P 


Filling out Christmas cards and watching Glee. Man, I just live the life! haha  


I'm really glad nobody told me training was at 830 and not 8am good thing I didn't get up 630 to be here at 8 


" ED puting ceremonial robe on   LMayor May 2011  


 last one...'cuz I hate being outdone in this department.

"Don't you just love it when people take sarcasm literally?"~Alex V.


 AAP party can do the investigation  get moving.. Actually do something instead of just protesting all the time 


So having Baines and The Liverpool GK in my dream team. GREAT IDEA! 


  Yes, That was very successful, lol 


This.Right.Here b/c there's no way in Hades that a gay man/woman could maintain their masculinity/femininity...


  Cool. I'll quit working and start smoking. Maybe the gov can pay for my phone AND smokes...then my meds. 


I LOVE it when people remind me that I'm single, lol  


" This bra can speak on one,non stop.  ironically this tweet applies to you too. 


That amazing feeling of being kid &amp; spouse free. :/ 


Friday the 13th Part 2 was on and I kept thinking why aren't all these actors major stars now because that acting was stellar. 


I love a 9:45 curfew. There's so much time for activities! This hotel has so much to explore 


   You know come to mention it I have not seen 1 trailer or any extra programming. Poor show BBc  


Kudos to that nigga...He hit it right. RT  My legs are sore


Everyone calm down! Millions of illegal immigrants will soon be saving the country. 
 


This day just keeps getting better and better  


Good game so far. Gotta get away from this spread bull shit and run the ball! Geez!   


Sabi ng prof basahin chapters 3-5 ng module. Eh yun na pala yung buong module -.- nice vacation 


Prince may be gone, but we have Phil Choke for another year...oh yay 


Don't see why everyone is surprised I'm starting rugby  


You'll never believe it but Anichebe is doubtful for the Spurs game, I'm shocked!!!   


 Is is easier to defend when a QB only trusts 1 WR and has no OL?  


I'm allergic to stupidity. I break out in sarcasm.   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  oh noo... Please don't go.. We went want you to stay and tweet us so bad!! 


Why don't you shove your pleasantries up your ass, my friend ? 


If someone were to ask me what was lacking in  today, my first response would be another Planet of the Apes movie. 


Nice to see uranium crashing through the floor again 


O joy it will be below freezing by Tuesday!     For the same reason everyone needs  coverage prenatal care &amp;  Like wife 65 &amp; I 66 


"Let's go back to Miami PLEASE"  says to  after completing a 4-game road trip  


Yeah  Angelina Jolie was HORRIBLE to adopt her African daughter. Same with Madonna. 


Have I ever mentioned my unconditional love for TSA, and airport personnel in general.  


 Thank goodness our bus is on time... 


And now my Thanksgiving is complete!  will wear blue jerseys at home for first time in decades  Penguins are such a clean hockey team  


Can't wait for the non stop tweets about I'm a celebrity tonight  


  Bozak deal paying huge dividends  Should have saved buyout for after Kessel re-signed and then bo Bozak


An everyday conversation with my mom...   ready for work, gotta love sales :O      come fast so I can moan our lack of gameplay yet again!   
PS : Come fast though. No, seriously.


 I just thought it was so cool I had to copy it...


Dee milliner getting beat for a td? Unheard of 


Man, I wish there was a way to get rid of pain without taking a ton of pills. 


I just really loved that surprise visit from  and   


 lets pussify all professional sports.  NFL shouldn't be tackle.  Oh and while we're at it, let's not keep score. 


 I bet her parents are so proud of her 


I love it when im not even worth a goodnight text.. 


Changed my username because it was sooo 2012  *whitegirlvoice* 



I wish I was an iceberg bcoz icebergs don't
have to go to schlor hav crushes on people
they jst float around destroying things


You don't know how bad I wanted to follow through..      I refuse to believe a city obsessed with baseball would make things overwhelming for a hometown player. 


The next cat I have to get is a HAIRLESS ONE because Dave's allergic to kitties. Darn.   


 I love when my beds all messed up cuz animals think they're in the wild &amp; can fight on my bed   the jungle baby!


So... Is there a big game or something on tonight? 


 nope people aren't allowed to have opinions anymore. 


  I'm glad Skins fans don't turn on our QB that quickly   


 Suspect in Waupun bomb threats is sex offender that officiated area youth sporting events. this guy is a winner 


Willian and Lampard have been brilliant, defended well too  


Thanks,  for introducing me to the ridiculosity that is Ylvis' "What Does The Fox Say?" 


Good news for Browns fans...Weeden is cleared to practice.  


  in Utah Thanks for the tickets  


 wish Megna could... Oh wait.... He is injured too 


My friends set up! Aha its the best ;)    what do you guys think?   I get it. They provide us lack info about the products. Now it's our fault! Thank you!! You're great! 


'Cause I don't feel like complete shit or anything. 


I don't think I travel enough.       


It did Sound Like it at the Time..But I'm Not much with Wordz LLz 


True Story!            have a horrible flu and I have to hand in my book that is half way finished in a week. Great...  


  could be related to said tweet   x


I can be more sarcastic but I don't want to be.  


Ohhhhhhh Robin? should have passed it to Wayne...to score?.... 


Love it when the  are getting their ass kicked. 


Pregnancy to trap a man....thats new.    


I love when fine art snobs "educate" me on why my art is wrong w/ "life doesn't have an outline" &amp; "you need more gradients." 


love love LOVE the fact that our heating has broken and my house is freezing cold 


  Just signed. Stockport County fan living the dream in non league :


Words can't express how excited I am at the thought of work tomorrow 


Thanks society, women really love this!  "If Jennifer Lawrence Needs This Much Airbrushing, We're All Doomed"  to say that District 3 have broken up   


  Also lost my bank card! All in all a great weekend 


I just have so much swag like I can't even handle it.
  don't believe me? Ill email them and ask! 


oh yes I will help you pick an outfit for tomorrow night, while I am stuck at home. don't mind at all 


Jesus's biggest miracle was being white in the Middle East! 


The books I read didn't have ANY smut in them.    


So they won't eat u when they become zombies
   About to Invade the Great Lakes.  &amp; How to Stop Them.  Good news everyone, problem solved.  


Imagine the  without acrobatics? I'd turn the TV off. 


  Im close to ditching all cloud synching services, and hand copying my manifestos.  


Good morning. Unusually i woke up to rinitis...   btw.  text you just to exercise my fingers, not that I wanted a reply or anything 


 But suppose Human Rights Watch is just US propaganda. 


  Yea. Cause real life relationship rumors aren't around anymore :D 


Two playoff teams face off tonight  vs  should be a great one. 


There's no time for silly games and studying when you've got a long hard day of sleeping ahead. 


Sure glad BRPD sets up seatbelt &amp; alcohol checkpoints to keep us safe. Yet there's been 3 armed robberies within 20 mins. 


Hey guys, is going to get cold anytime soon?  


I am so sick. What a wonderful way to end the wonderful year of 2013. 


"Lol" and "cool" have two totally different meanings now a days. 


When you're a mayor of a big city and can't get the underground to work properly what do you do? You plug a cycling scheme. 


Correct -thxRT     I believe she is talking about the firefighters rescuing the driver.  


I always am thankful for the hours that I do absolutely nothing 


 Got a replacement XboxOne with a broken optical disc as well. Too funny... I got offered a free month of live, though! 


Beautiful beautiful day. Glad I get to sit in a 7x7 listening to doctors complain all day.




If the guy next to me could breathe louder and sound more like he needs to blow his nose that would be fantastic.  


 Someone really said that? Who? Interesting, I guess I didn't know that Dennard was even considered a Hesiman contender 


  Yeah, that's not overly dramatic. 


 barely I mean I got really turnt up on Sierra mist so I have an awful hangover 


Reality TV needs more deadlines and confrontations.  Less time about the craft the show is actually trying to showcase. 


Beginning the year feeling like a total failure and that no one understands is so wonderful.    


"I doubt she gave u the stink eye... that's just how her face looks"  


. you, doing something awkwardly? No way...   


 Yes... doing whatever I want to any bitch I want!  


Hey look the temperature has gone up a whole 3 degrees in the past 2.5 hrs.  Its now 28 degrees.  Woot  


Soooo  , no shave November is over... You gonna shave that muskrat off your face? 


chinese or crowded shitty fries. yaaay.  


gotta love having absolutely no plans for NYE.  


Stupid insomnia. Couldn't sleep at all. So Im going to work 2 hours early. Yay.    


If you insult someone and they don't realize it until it's too late, you're doing it right.  


salamat sa game niyo :&gt; you make me look a retard for the past 2 months   


I love being told to shut up  lol I hate that shit


 so by  I take from that tweet they are not some hot girls headed to HI for photo shoot?


This day just keeps getting better and better. 


" If youre feeling depressed, drink water. You could just be dehydrated."




-37C with windchill at -50C this morning. Good time to spray winter annuals    up with a sore throat and not being able to breathe is definitely how I wanted to start my day.    


  Yes, none if us have put ourselves out here enough :) 


yo old a o e cel,  no o c... oer we yo wll reaen e an!  ...  oh cmonnn everyone knows thats the the divine interpretation 


Feeling like complete and utter shit.  


Ahhh and the neighbors are smoking weed again... such a wonderful smell. 


Love practically working 24hours a day, sleep and food is over-rated anyway   


  I think its  No one could make that ridiculously inane to equate Sensex rise to INC - not even 


 with all your wisdom and knowledge on the game,how did you not predict this scoreline?   


Okay guys calm down I know you're in shock that I put my number out like that.. Getting tons of text 


 that makes us feel such happiness Loo, thanks...  


No big deal, marshall just needs to stuff the run now like they have all night. 


No siblings with me on Christmas morning woo! 


Don't you just love going to work to get spat on?? :)       :(


 He sure did RT  I love that JR just confirmed the secret deal theory via instagram subtweet meme.Shocked 


I'm a cool kid. I play midnight bingo and go to Waffle House. I'm the definition of cool. 


Not happy about this development.

*evil eyes the work fairy* thanks for the advance notice. 


Went to work to do some quoting, end up on job site 6hrs and back to office for quoting.
Just got home. Wouldn't be dead for Quid's 


 then stop watching and maybe he will stop 


Nashville's got that christmas cheer today.     is an idea...why dont you go jump off a building or something 


My favorite thing about lightbulb jokes is that they marginalize a group of people. What's not to love? 


Appreciate the acknowledgment of my existence 


Our D looks strong. So strong I just screened the F word like ten times at the TV 


NYC's will-be mayor appoints schools chancellor and gasp... she was a teacher.   it just 'awesome' when you make plans but then that person doesn't doesn't text you. Even when it was their idea!?  


Oh, *great*, just what I needed to see, that last miiverse post to show up in my timeline 


Don't let the tears fool you..I really love being led on.  


I love it when I dont get to work with  ....... :(


Shocking to see such a classy team like the  resort to dirty plays, cheap shots and taunting. 


  did you vet this opinion with a qualified male tweeter? 


So apparently the transformer by my house is on fire..so just a normal day in my life 


How I love being super jumpy on New Year's Eve :P 


Michigan COLD?!?!?  :-) RT  This just in.. Michigan is cold!! Doing my Dorothy impression, there's no place like home.


"haha LOL.c who is taking,whos sister z most abusive1 n evry1 knos it  Dude,thers a longgg list of ur achivements na, 


Went to Ikea... Bought a Cactus....
Totally what I went there for...   a small PA town where they are playing Silent Night downtown. Alert the ACLU! 


Can this line for Space Mountain go any slower?? 


 you can't listen to music when it's silent... 


  At least they're looking good today! Ok, that was 


 Shocking...just shocking  New Jersey GP up for grabs as Ecclestone tires of delays  so glad I am Christmas shopping tonight.   I really miss watching  Dany Douchebag spitting  63 times a minute.  


Falling asleep to the lovely sounds of zombies    


Colorado to Accept EBT Cards for Marijuana from Welfare Recipients |  Isn't that nice?     


Learn all about the miracle that is Deepak Chopra's hippie weight loss solution!   Well I'm quite glad you're enjoying it. Live for, die for, 


The weather is looking gorgeous for the weekend away. He he    it be funny if the media made up this "huge snowstorm" just to give kids false hopes of a longer winter break  


Now it's time to reward myself with enchiladas! The perfect post-workout meal.   


ROFL -    (remember this post is  --&gt; Outgoing Company Commander: I Hate You All  will help my amazon habit  Via  Amazon Taps Post Office For Sunday Deliveries; A Win-Win?   i find it rather uncharacteristic of me 


Thankfully, the library is pumping out icy cold air because it is just so hot and humid outside 


 cool, thats a half year before the  it self here in the Netherlands.  But the truth..


It's Saturday and I'm doing homework all day! I'm so excited!!!!!     I didn't cry or scream or fangirl when I saw it   


Thank you RCHS for fucking me over with finals.. I appreciate it.. 


Can you post more selfies on instagram? Like clearly I go on it to see your face all the time    


Aw my Dad cussed me out. So sweet. Love life 


 Could have been worse, you could have mentioned GTAV. Then you'd be a baby-killing racist hatemonger 


Thank God I can use my  phone as a mobile hot spot...so streaming it is then...thanks a lot  


" PINAKAPOGING CORPS    HAHAHA joke lang. Ayoko ng parusa Ivan joke lang talaga


 oh man. Parent fights are just so awesome 


Like oh my god so much snow, like I can't even see the ground!! 


I wish I wasn't an atheist so I could have morals   


  One thing about Heath. That fool is always around the football.  


There's nothing better than starting rehab on your shoulder on a Monday! 


 That's not distracted driving or anything 


Hey numbnut...It's -12 degrees outside!        you'll love it.....he's your favourite comedian......


Don't I just love being home alone with the baby 24/7.  !!!!


M&amp;S, I cannot see any issues implementing this rule at Christmas time. Busy checkouts and long lines? No problems.




yes thank you for being such great friends, I really appreciate it. 


I love it when people take my band shots off my blog and repost them themselves. That's like, totally fine  


Hope you have fun with your ugly new girl. It goes pretty well with your ugly personality. 


 you will learn to understand me with time. :) 


It's cool that every electronic besides my phone can connect to the wifi in my home.. Really it's great. 


Yea I followed u bc of your awesome quotes and music lyrics.  

Hunter Moore


Good thing The Game showcases our gr8 defense.  


.... Well then I wonder what happened on the AMA's it's not the only thing on Twitter   


  well it's America or it's allies doing it, so by definition it can't be terrorism 


cant wait to read all the  statuses!  


  get that money because that's what it's all about at the end of the day, winning doesn't matter 


  "It isn't what you know, it's who you know."  well, unless, you hire someone's kid.  


shootin' life the finger guns, 'cause everybody hates me. heyyyoo   


My role for our Christmas party: photographer, prayer leader, entrance entourage... sige pa ma! Name it! I can multitask.... 


I know my family is safe at home with these two ferocious beasts guarding the fortress.    struggling against a mid-major? You don't say. (


 Fair to say, Holty, you'll never play in the Champions of Champions event.   

 someone who works in retail, I can't help but grin seeing Santa get sucked up the chimney.  


Video ads get 9000 times the clicks!!!!1! And no it has nothing to do with people trying to pause or get out of the ad.  


 you should put  or  hashtag. People take even an obvious joke seriously.


Class, the class, the lab, then a zoology seminar at 7.   -_-


"Undocumented Feature" by          


Watch out  We're on the town    


Abt to pop multiple bottles!! Whooohooo  Night Peeps...be safe! If you are reading this and  god I can't sleep tonight. Don't know what I would've done if I got a full 8 hours of sleep for my final tomorrow morning 


If the  don't use all their timeouts and try to score here...well... 


I love when people ignore me. Its my favorite. 


Thanks for the brick that looks like a PS4  and  Really appreciate it. 


 this time we don't have an update.  what a shock?  You mean...this twitter feed isn't helping someone?  Amazing 


Well... I can cross "seeing a pregnant girl twerk" off of my bucket list   so proud 


 Me either. I guess we can't rule anything out with the BCS.  


I've been walking around with a hole in my pants. Could this day get any better? 


 exact same thing happened to me, woke up an hour ago and can't fall asleep. I know checking twitter will help. 


Cant wait to come home and have  tell me how awesome the new One direction album is 


My poor hat and jacket after playtime with the dogs. Man's best friend    haha get it in roman numerals .... then you will look like a propa mug !   


Family arts &amp; crafts  Kolt's apartment. Oh what fun.. 


That was definitely what I needed amidst the other stresses of finals week. 


  I mean, I think it's pretty clear. Married people are just better in every way. Duh. 


Bet  is loving  on the  right now! 


I love when ppl r too lazy to take the extra 2 min to clean the snow/ice off the top of their car. 


What a shame I don't get to see X Factor more often 


Because everything on the Internet is true 


so finals are fun right? isnt everyone else having fun with finals so far? just good times in college right?   


 your good at explaining it like, a total want to see that now  haha


 what could you possibly be snarky about this Monday morning?  Let me guess  


  I'm still waiting for the honor of being the recipient of your notorious replies;)   


Miley is most likely going to twerk tonight, fun!! 


Having 10 GA in the last TWO games is quite an accomplishment....   


 Yeah Gadzik was surly the most noticeable player that was possessed ! Hall , Hemsky , and Smyth were invisible! 


  yea cuz Americans are evolving to blonde curly hair, fat lips, n gold eyes now  


  at least they are offer a free oneway flight off the island  


 i don't know how  will ever stay in business with such competition nippin at his heals .  


I had the nicest dream, then all of a sudden I was in school and shit turned ugly.
I just LOVE waking up at 4 am. 


 Thanks for the wonderful season! It was a blast! 


 just checked   2  1 I'm not sure but I don't think that's a tie 


   yeah but Pryor makes the defense play better 


Love how I slept so good tonight and woke up at 5:30... What the crap is wrong with me?  


Thank you for responding to my text message  


Yeah that's right. Martin Bashir was wronged. All 5 MSNBC viewers, hurry up with that boycott! 


 kool kool...I will probably warm up my 3 day old frybread this evening. and drink milk and get the runs.  ..hahhaha


There's nothing more sexy than a snoring wife.



Couldn't have happened to a nicer person.  


Must say, getting hit by a car on Monday has been the biggest convenience and has made everything so much easier(y) 


So far this wk I got a cut from tin foil and a black eye from my cell phone... What's next? Broken limb from breathing?!?!  


 as a Pats fan...please bring back the "ultimate motivator." 


Couldn't end NASCAR season without another rain delay! 


You know it's gonna be a good day when your tires are so fucking bad you almost ram into the back of another car........., 


Only an 11% pay rise for MP's? They deserve a lot more if you ask me! Make sure it more than covers the rate of inflation. 




Thank you  for another boring game and worst performance. A gift for us-interisti. Actually  deserve for a lose 


 But they have to remind everyone how awesome and beautiful they are...it just wouldn't be right 


  notre that's smart. Timeout before end of quarter. Acts like two timeouts back to back. Steelers should learn 


  Please use the hashtag "sarcasm." Some people may not detect it! 


Thanks Toronto for doing such an awesome job salting and shovelling the sidewalks near the subway stations  


 In other news: UFC fighter Paulo Thiago accuses Brandon Thatch of bullying after their fight.....   


 honestly..i believe you should retire 


 hey, Kodidek is awesome. Where's your textbook? In your locker? That's a great place for it! 


Closest I'll ever get to being a hipster is wearing a scarf when it's 20 degrees. I can't do the scarf in July gig like a real one. 


 You're multiple women &amp; your Paul Walker opinions are not as dumb as you are uneducated, based on the "so" lengths 


Poor Ari Zucker for being subjected to working this hideous "troll". The pain. Only James Scott is worthy.   I get to miss the broncos game tonight... 


Guys, I know this year's nat'l championship was incredible, but c'mon , it wasn't was good as last year's! 


I love having a bloody nose at work!   


I don't think the West's want to keep this cardboard KFC box so you know I might just throw it away  


 that felt like it came from the heart mate 


No better feeling than being stressed day in and day out. 


 so progressive. Looking forward to when u you announce the NDIS is also being cut to save me a precious 44c a week 


Go leafs Go! Go leafs Go! I love coming home, and watching the Leafs getting dumped by the Canadiens.. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


First day of winter classes, break didn't go by fast at all 


haha how wonderful! I knew it all along  


Sick as a cheesy chip right now   Transfer window to look forward to I suppose!!!! 


"What time is it?.." "There's a clock right there" "DID I ASK YOU WHERE THE CLOCK WAS?"


what lovely weather we are having on the first day of 2014! 


 us too! We're coming back early because Chch has been too sunny. 


It's almost 2014 &amp; we still don't have waterproof phones? sux.don't u feel like texting in the shower or while swimming?


LOL! " Luol Deng with 24 points? That's it... Trade him 


Darn... I accidentally ripped two nails off.... Guess they all have to come off.  


" Oh. We'll be fine guys. No biggy. It's just ice.   not funny


 I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.



Another Christmas that I know I'll be spending single, woohoo so fun.  


 huhuhu.. iya, buuuk. etapi beneran lho EXO kalo nyanyi emang CD quality. jernih banget suaranya. keren! :)) 


Yes, I enjoy voice journaling...NOT                             OMG, I might know that person (not) 


And to think they could've kicked a field goal...shame on you Duke 


BC yar Takfiri Deobandis postponed their rally. We were waiting of some chaos &amp; violence for propaganda. 


Look at what I've been doing all afternoon.       your kid is making noise at mcdonalds and interrupting your adult time. Shame on them for playing in the play area. 


I wonder if the crowd back home got their report cards today. 


I really wanted to share myself with you today but I guess going to NA is just as fun...   thick like my smoke


 In that case, give the winner 10000, and then in descending increments of 5. And then a drop round. 


So mums trying to find me a job!   


I'm really enjoying all these Merry Christmas texts  


there's a financial services poster in this carriage though - a bit of welcome cheer! 


What the hell was that? Nice play by Calapari out of the time out 




 Every girls mind when a cute guy calls them pretty.    


It's 5:50AM and I've already favorited someone's tweet while I was stalking them...today's going to be a good day 


Lucky me I get to spend tomorrow with my parents...


Most offense I've seen out of a Greek soccer team in years. Dark horse World Cup favorites?  Still, nice to win a game not 1-0


 How dreadful of  to support the one democracy in the region! 


Da ability to insults Idiots with out knowing them. 


6 hour flight delay at Charleroi and  gives us a 3.50 voucher for food and drink. I'll try not to spend it all at once. 


   thank you, thank you both, for Rick rolling me 


Whatta great outlook for this weekend and finals week   HEY!! She is a great friend to me alright? Stop bashing!!!  


My  win but fail to clinch to the top seed or win their division. Now they must brace themselves for the....uh-oh,  


It feels so wonderful to wake up sick! In loving it! 


 If it doesn't have over-sexualized girls, it's obviously a terrible game and not worth my money. 


 Since 2000, the Cowboys are 2-11 in Week 17  that's the worst record in the NFL over that span HURRAY! 


Joe Flacco lookin like that big money QB today! 


Haha Ya cause I totally asked you! I totally waited for you to just bud into the conversation that was totally directed to you. 


Oh goodness my life is so incomplete. I just. Don't. Think I can go on. 


 a visit to the very nice Mr Westley   sarcasm


Why is Mexican  waste theft news if nuclear is so safe?     


Today definitley fits the bill for a Monday Funday!  


The worlds greatest dad award goes to my father!! 


A lot of people on here should be premier league managers you know so much about the game. Tad bit of 


Good thing the Saints are playing like shit ..   


Christmas Cakes.....yay.......      Check out I-275 in Cincinnati- it runs all four directions, and that's NEVER confusing. 


So with ADP off at half time, who has taken over as designated diver for Sydney FC?
[ 


i'm buysexual, you buy me food, i become sexual.  


We'll apparently we are to get snow in a few days, really looking forward to it  


 There is, of course, no way this risk calculator could have been set up by manufacturers of statin drugs. 


  so you go to  indie coffee houses and nurse a cup of coffee for 3 hrs while hogging their WiFi bandwidth? 


 great I have so much to look forward to! 


When people are hanging out but are more interested in their cell phones....awesome 


YouTube is having issues? Oh no, now all the YT stars need to face reality and get a life, what a shame.  


Obama's Current Approval Rating Is The Ugliest Since Nixon  such a cool cat 


I love when people say their gonna do something then they don't. Just love it. 


I love those people who post nothing but political crap on their Facebook  


Wonderful a teenager is in charge of a band of hired guns...this can only end well  


Thanks for that. Really helps after a long day of work. 


 OMG, he played ANY sort of video game?! This just proves that no matter how innocent the game, it breeds violence! 


Woke up to an empty house and no idea where everyone went. Thanks guys for letting me know... 


I just text people for the hell of it, it's not like I want a reply or anything... 


 you got more than one license? Whaaaaaaat 


You should probably talk more about how much you love yourself..  


  Would you two stop conversing on my timeline...jeez  


Can't believe it - Burke has been let go!   


I  when people complain about holiday spec all of spec week. Really! It doesn't get old or repetitive at all. .  


I appreciate when people ask how Im feeling because it not only shows they care, but also, that they think I can still feel. 


Congrats to BBC Three for endorsing sweeping generalisations of rock kids! No really! I don't think they get enough abuse! 


 Most annoying phrase to me is: "In a miute" especially when my kids/grandkids are saying it to me 


Oh it's going to be a great day I can already tell 


 If the hedgehog is named Sonic I need to have a word with her 


I'm willing to pay someone to do my homework..or to kill me, either or is cool with me.  


I support everyone else but no one wants to support me on anything that I like to do. 
Thanks... mom. 


 Oh...that's what it was...okay, I got you lol 


 So disappointed, all us fans care about is a good show.   


Thank you, Pat Robertson, I now feel so enlightened about the feminist agenda.    sure I'll let you borrow a grand let me just pull it out of my ass real quick.   


 Because the main source of income for any hospital is selling organs to the highest bidder  killing ppl makes no $


didn't mean to intimidate     


Ah, I love the personal emails that start with : Dear Recruiter: &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


Breaking news football team pennant only one up on the pennant wheel         

Love is when 2 brains come together and stop working.


Having a great time chilling with   Tim Hortons lol 


Nothing I like better than watching the  concert thru the 27 various phone screens being held up in front of me. 


So glad I follow  or else I would have no clue what's happening in sports 


What a productive Friday it's been so far... 


those times when you look at your self in a mirror or a picture and you just think, damn i am one sexy beast. 


 All The Way Turnt Up w.Roscoe Dash. So. That makes it better. 


Still can't get over how amazing the mixing is between songs in Aviciis New Years mix. 


I love that people who never ever speak to me text me for pet advice. 


said to never do it again...oh whoops, i guess it just slipped.. Great way to end the year! 


LOL=true. RT  Question Everything... Except things that benefit you, then you keep your damn mouth shut! 


 clearly that tying goal was a high stick, refs are in on the conspiracy theory!  (Malkin G, JVR trip vs BUF, no G vs MTL)


  everything we did in summer was usefullll:| 


I love dropping my Iphone face down on the gravels.  Luckily it just has one tiny mark. 


Thank you  for making awesome laptops!    


Tweets about politics really prove so many points. Everyone should tweet about politics more often.  


Smith is the reason the Chiefs will lose. He just keeps abusing the hands of his WRs and they can't catch anything! 


Oh yay! Everyone getting engaged on Facebook.  


 Great a  agreement between 2 Admins we can't trust  &amp;      


 Boy Scouts of America to open ranks to gay youths on Jan. 1  &lt;We didn't see that coming 


We all know the biggest Big Ten rivalry is Illinois-Michigan, not OSU-MICH.  


I seemed to have developed one of those lovely irritating coughs so looks like I'll have a great nights sleep! 


Mich St has a lot of bandwagon fans tonight. That's cute. 


 let's watch your mouth mister! You hardly ever swear so I'm shocked 


see you guys grass ain't so GREEN on the other side  RT  Brooklyn lost tonight. Maybe they can just tank for us.


  I'm sure Belichick and Brady are nervous wrecks because the Colts signed 34-year-old Deion Branch.


Up all night, this is going to be a great day 


Love when everybody I'm texting decides not to text me back...I have plenty of other things to do so please just don't bother me. 


Why not allowing bankers to have their own guns too? And maybe students too? yknow.. because people are being shot at these days 


This is what everyone is missing when they don't hang out with me. A super cool good time!   at home and doing absolutely nothing for NYE. Woo hoo... 


This day just keeps getting better &amp; better.   


 thanks for making me wait, I love it! 


11 years, 0-5 playoff record, and terrible clock management.....i can't wait for training camp!!   


  Must be because PM Harper is a dictator. 


Yeah because It's so hilarious that a Christian, hardworking player just hurt his knee bad.


 just saw. You can see how much Bernardi values public debate/democracy. V liberal 


They're not biased at all. Teen mom "ex bf" truth.     like internet and cell phones have saved our precious time" -    


Probably gonna make ten dollars at work this morning. Totally worth my time. 


How did Paul Finnebaum become so intelligent? Listening to his intellect is just a blessing to my life. 


  I'm a way better singer Jo just obviously hasn't heard me yet 


 Isn't cool when you do favors for certain people all the time and then they don't for you?  it's super cool bro


 of course! It's not like she said being gay was sinful geez!! 


i'm sorry i called you a bitch i really thought you knew 


   jobs. So yah, ignoring boycotting in favor of calling is 'defeatist'. 


 you're joking, we SPY on other countries &amp; there I was thinking ASIO was an internal agency,  FFS the left need to wake up


I love how fast rumors spread and how people believe every word! 


if your doing in directs don't lie and say "I'm doing it because I'm bored" like thanks that makes me feel real special 


What a surprise    Taylor Rebuilds Sea Wall in Rhode Island,  Spreads Fake Outrage  I guess it's turned into a clean up for Christmas day...woo   


Yay, gonna be home in five hours. This is gonna be a great day.  


 They are only protecting the ideological frontiers of this country.  (to be clear. Too many idiots out there)


Yes please tag me in embarrassing photos from 7 years ago. 


 I'm switchingto PS4 just because of this, I can't deal with the Microsoft's lies anymore. 


    Leave me outa this!  Joobs is the master of confusing sarcasm. . .and dance-offs.


It's 9:15 and I've spent 30 minutes defending all the decorating choices I've made in the house. Today is off to a fabulous start. 


When someone uses the phrase "classy" in  a sentence by itself, it's not being used in a complimentary way.  


  Just in case you guys don't survive Beane's marathon, it was nice having you in Oakland!  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 how dare they. Nobody is allowed to loan players &amp; do well as it causes absolute uproar! 


 lol RT  Well the ones that do won't do that RT   lol


this is exactly the way I wanted to start out 2014 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


These refs are not one sided at all.....  


Love the way my boyfriend has hit me up &amp; asked how I am (':  ...


Wait a minute? Running on 3rd &amp; 5? That's allowed?!?!?! 


I wish my final grades were posted already so i can see how great i did this semester...  


Another long TD pass from McCarron. I don't see why people question his deep ball   


 Johnny bench is soft *ducks from flying objects thrown by maggoe* 


Just had a major craving for cheese pizza and breadsticks. Good thing I have these carrots to satisfy me 


I wish the  tonight was more exciting.  


It's a miracle I got into every one of my classes with no problems!!  


I use  because flat out telling u ur a   is   &amp; is  upon....  no school, now I can't present my project.  


Some boys asked if I wanted to give them a blow job tonight. Oh how I love Manchester..... 


The budget is too high in London. Mayor says what everyone dare not say. Layoff police and firefighters. It's sacrilege! 


 ikr Rooney is an idiot and definitely is England's worst player 


   thank you so much guys I really appreciate it 


As if it's snowing in Cairo. I thought climate change was meant to make the world hotter   


Wow RT  Eagle fans are booing Lewis while he's on the ground?  


HaHa, said no one ever. :) RT   Man, sure wish we still had McBain.  


" It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it... "


See something cool while driving? Better grab your phone and Snapchat/Instagram it.  


I mean, Ive spent 24 winters in Indiana. And Ive never seen it snow like this. 


Just love waiting on people. It's my most favorite thing in the world. 


always look so attractive in late night photos 


Well, I see that  is getting back to normal. I was starting to get worried.  


 I have Street Fighter the movie for the Saturn.... No one can top that! 


 it's cool nfl as a pats fan going to work with 3 hours of sleep is a win  how about 7:30pm next time


What, the Duck Dynasty guys are homophobes!? Never would've guessed that!  


35 days till Christmas!    


Omw to get a shot, then to get oral surgery....what a great day  


I like how randomly the ac unit in my room sounds like it's about to blow up.  


 because it infringes on their right to be pedophiles. They are victims 


I watch more football than the average football fanatic. Yay me 


 thanks for responding to my tweet for help... absolutely the worst experience I've ever encountered with a bank


Awww the girl one of my exes cheated on me with got engaged... How cute! Homewrecker gets a hubby!!  


Well this is MUCH better than animation domination.   


Last outdoor game before Christmas won today  Time now to prepare for the indoor season  


I drank a Coke at lunch...hope my body doesn't dissolve 


Nope, no global warming here!  " iceberg size of Singapore broke off   love being ignored , it's my favorite thing   


Train is delayed, fantastic start to the journey.   


I like how Ference only stands up for himself and not the star players...   


There go the Lions playing dirty, AGAIN!  Oh, and Detroit is bankrupt!  


the Canadian employee told me its BS that they do not have a disclaimer. so the Jordans I want may cost an extra $50. THANKS... 


 : I am so not sitting here playing  till Don't Starve is released! Are you crazy? Psh! 


That SMSE day was so very helpful! My career path is already chosen! 



Whoever saod Bairstow shouldnt be in the team is clueless. ..he is class! 


 who do you think you are, making critique of musicals? You've never watched a show... 


Corporate Valuations for Emerging Technology Projects.... Tons of fun 


 hahaha it was a joke, every other tweet i see is about the eagles and it's getting annoying 


I love being up this early. It's a great feeling.   


Having so much fun doing the most boring part of accounting... Yes, for real, no  


 haha! I actually received some very thoughtful gifts but today is all about Jesus of Nitrogen for me, Lee 


This doesn't sound at all like a scam   


I love the fact my twitter decides to follow/unfollow people on it's own. It's such a delight!  



The Cowboys loss is all Tony Romos fault. If he would have made some tackles on defense and forced some turnovers we would have won 


 that's what is the enjoyable thing, still think they'll win the league. 


The wife is psyched for the mike richter and cam Neely cameos at the Macy parade! 


 really? Fucking morons. But more people wanted Big Show in there, didn't they? 


Don't be surprised if Todd Graham is actually making calls at halftime to inquire about NFL or the TX gig. He's a job hopper. 


 Well it was a genius idea to have the entry deadline before driver ratings and technical regulations were released. 


Oh no I'll get the trash guys don't worry     I have so much respect for Norcross right now 


I'm pretty sure it's bad luck to not get a fortune cookie with your Chinese takeout. 2014 is looking promising... 


pretty sure that im the only person who didn't go home for thanksgiving   


Boy the Colts made a great move by trading a first round pick for T-Rich.  


 Gee, I ain't think of that  ... If only my job had that


It's a shame Nashville is so ugly and all      have seriously got to be kidding me hahaha a perfect end to a perfect week 


I cant wait for Laramie weather to take a BIG GIANT SHIT on my world tonight...      


A nice grey day. Perfect for a 4 hour Thanksgiving Eve drive.    Because the Rangers are obviously going to miss Pierzynski with his 12 walks and great play behind the plate. 


 give support to people who try to change from bad to good, not mock them with sarcastic comments Agree with u bro! 


First day back to regular work and didnt get home until 9:45pm. Nice start, 2014.   


    all jodi supporters are "stalkerish" because jodi is &amp; we are in love w/her 


This has to be about the best night ever!!!!! 


suarez hasnt scored in 16mins he must be crap!!! 


omg only 3 eps til Aniki tells yuki his true feelings and susumo to stop being delusional  


 Oh please! Let me guess, now you have the Pats in multiple parlays don't you! Way to only post it once its winning! 


How dare  market a popular program? What an awful thing to tell people who love the series that it's coming back! 


Well my dog just got attacked by another  dog! Happy New Year!   


Destroying 1300 tonnes of chemical weapons at sea... Seems like a GREAT idea, world leaders!  


Look I'm so cute I'm smoking and drinking and I'm going to take a picture and make it obvious!!!!!!!!  


The family leaves for Tulsa tomorrow. Can't wait to stay home all week along and work.  


Great job by  staff. Diverting attention from  win by kicking out  Definitely the image we want. 


Lego graphics in an employee training always impress me!    How was he not already your favorite?  Nick Young is turning into my favorite NBA player"  


  thanks Gary that was so emotional I think I'm gona die  :P


Because shooting him the first time worked so well  


Vic's moving day is off to a great start   


  no sympathy? That's not like you at all.



I love when coworkers break rules and then think the boss is waging personal attacks against them when theyre disciplined. 


Yeah, cause if I'm gonna commit an alchemical taboo, I want it made of vinyl and on my wall.  :  is a serious, reallife issue.   6-yr old suspended for kissing girl, accused of sexual harassment  that the girls won ... So obviously y'all didn't want any . HA .  


  Sadly,  Jennifer isn't very good at designing things. 


My favorite thing ever is when painkillers don't work. 


That's the midfield situation sorted then. Fletcher's back. 


Bo what are you doing there was 23 seconds left on the clock. Make your move closer to 10. Get with the program. 


I can't. Lmao hahahahaha. Best gift wrapping in history of gift wrapping! 


 What  part of the  are the regular   who   on  Don't get me wrong Im still worried about rich investors! 


Oh no! Just chipped an incy wincy miniscule bit of my nail varnish,  if that's the worst of my worries then life is good. 


I love it when people don't reply to me ^_^ it makes me feel so warm inside 


I had Cajun pasta and a microwaved apple pie.    


There is great need for a  font on  .


After tonight's Penguins-Canucks game, I totally understand why Team Canada picked Dan Hamhuis over Kris Letang. 


Did  just make fun of Demi's sobriety?! Wow, new low.   


Ready to go fight off hordes of people with my madre in order to get some $20 boots. Woop woop. This should be fun. 


So, I didn't miss anything in that fourth quarter of the Cowboys-Packers game, right?  


" Thank you for that good luck text before my game, it was greatly appreciated!!   bae my phone died


Aww. Dwight Howard and Parsons had a tif over a rebound.   


Ah, yes. Glass in my foot. Exactly what I needed today. 


Bout to watch Identity Theif with  I just can't wait to wake up to yalls "new year, new me" bs in the morning! 


Gahh...im gonna get beat up. That sounds promising.



Christmass eve eve and it's a happy night in this house 


Idk how I got so lucky to have you in my life  


My alarm went off &amp; I didn't have to get up for work today. Cool! 


 this guy is still tweeting about me? Wow.  (also what a  charmer otherwise....  coughing up like a pound of mucus, I feel like today can only go up.  


I'm hungry, tired, sad, and sick. My life's great rn. 


 I know must be rough flying from BC after a ski trip  


Friends who never want to hangout are the best friends in the world. 


 "great spin class so much better than cyclocross".  


by the way IK , even if they stop drone strikes , nato supplies must not be opened... mushkil hai bara mushkil hia 


Feeling massively homesick at the moment. Also paranoia is my favorite part of pms  


Jameis Winson won the Heisman?? Who'da thunk it?  


I'm in the mall food court. There's a family of 3, and the dad (prolly in his 60s) is wearing SUNGLASSES! Danger! 


Farthing is another word that I like to toss around while conversing. 


Thank god I live in New York and get to watch the Giants and chargers game and not that shitty Seattle San Fran game  


Who else is super happy about school tomorrow ?!?    


Incomplete on 3rd down? Don't you mean pass interference ref?   


Ooooh noooo chiefs blew it in the playoffs. No way. Can't believe it... 


Biggest turn ons?  Anonymous questions oooo   My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


I am the number one fan of mind games   


   the Prez wants to surround himself with Unemployed just have him walk outside the  


 lol its gonna be such a good time I can't even wait.   


So happy that I cant go home right after my finals on the 20th because I have practice everyday until christmas eve  


I'm going to be in such a great mood tomorrow. 


   Eh... debatable. Good no call  


That's alright, I didn't want to talk to you anyways.  


Yes, let's use the 9-inch spoiler. Because downforce always makes for better racing. 


Oh ya know just working my 11hour shift deathly ill throwing up every 15 mins, I love this place  


Mountains, snow, Front Wheel Drive, stick shift, my drive to work was so much funnnn!  


 didn't harm our lovely palm trees ha ha ha  


How me and  sext...
Me: I need to fart
Her: I all ready did like 5 minutes ago.... We are such a sexy couple!! 


 Haha. If its a biz, then yes they are. Good thing I have this real desk job to keep me stimulated. 


Thank god for social networking or I would have never known today was Christmas Eve   


  Thank you for being so hopeful in being clear if the busses are canceled or running the day after a snow storm 


Nothin better than speech class on a Friday morning!


Is there a better gateway for P.O.C. to understand white America than  I think not. We just need to be understood! 


Just to top off my brilliant day, my train home's delayed   


dear flu... I got a shot to prevent you, why are you even making me sick? Get out. Love, Noe  


 I would be very surprised. In fact, I hope they do. Could do with a busy day for once!  


 yes yes yes it is totally   Na 22 really isn't old :)


 Perhaps, the Ms could trade Walker for Tanaka. 


 you are, therefore, just as bad as them. However knowing your working today Sam has brightened my day no end   


 it is, the little box is down on the bottom now.. So revolutionary...   


So ready for this geography and maths test!  


I think I'm gonna get used to uploading videos. :D 


  did I mention how much I loved the techs thorough tidying up when done?   sure a pic of your weight on a scale would suffice of you saying you're skinny... But no please take a pic of you in a bikini 


Don't you love it when people only talk to you when it's convenient for them? 


If you're reading this.. Thanks, thanks for helping me fix it.   


 who comes up with these stats? 1st qb to run td  when hair combed to side in Dec with temp below 40 


  They haven't made enough $$ over the yrs from COD man. Mansions,hookers and cocaine ain't free kraka!!! 


Romanians!Romanians everywhere I turn! 

Wait,I am in Romania.Guess everybody didn't jump on planes&amp;coaches the 1st chance they got 


Sitting in a hall way all alone.... What an amazing first day :D 


Good thing our government is here to uphold the law.   nothing wrong with a friendly bear hug  


Road trips with my family are just so much fun 


   But, but,  had been telling us they have been ready for MONTHS....  


I just love going to work and standing around not doing shit...  


Just completed a 2.28 mi run - Pull-ups in the middle of this run made it fun.   


 never. Sickness is a sign of weakness. Goalies should never get sick. Trade him. 


Geez, what's next, bringing back recess and art?  The end of zero-tolerance?  


Encore paper finally done. And it's only 4 in the morning. That leaves me with like three and a half hours to sleep.  


Damn it Strootman's agent says he's going nowhere anytime soon:( if only he was available in the summer!  


I remember when TLC was launched by NASA and broadcast into schools. Privatization has made the content SO much better. 


 Hmm, war with a non nuke country or war with nuke country. Hard choice, eh? 


Just awesome.  Looking forward to the sweat.     l like!!!!!!! RT  In Moyes we trust? Hahahahahahahahahahahaha 


I will be reading 14 300-500 pg books for ONE class this semester. Oh grad school...how I've missed you.  



- 10 sarcasm tweets :O, have you gone mad?
- No, I'm feeling lucky today



So many cliche posts. I hate you all.    


 yeah I have that problem all the time... it's so annoying looking like you're 21 years old when you're really 18 


 lets all take a moment to appreciate such a great comeback    


Gotta love the Carolina-Clemson rivalry. It really brings the best out in people 


Kill people with  kindness is too outdated.


Love how just when you think you are over stuff, you find out how so painfully clear that you are NOT. 


 That's as big of a November win as you can get.Rt 


Darling i just found ur Nose ,  it was quite easy to find it in my business ! 


Hey  nice job acknowledging  day. Stay classy. 


Once again i can say im proud belieber :)   


Just got spam email implying a website is the first to offer   certification online. Finally!  Crowded market...


Big up all the soap stars who get a p45 and then become DJs. Salute 


After the fan-tastic review of  by  ,I think I'll wait for a good movie.I cant handle awesome movies. 


Loves twitter on football nights   May as well only follow you right now .... 


Well, Tyler and I's first purchase together is a new snowmobile...bet I'll get to use it so much 


So not excited to fail my chem test tomorrow in comparison to failing it Thursday.  


Once again, delayed while waiting for a  flight. How shocking. 


Doesn't get much more secure than this    nothing better than biology at 8 am...  


 Is FOX really a player for all of the Big Ten rights?  But ESPN hates the Big Ten 


Mum thought it would be funny to put a plastic spider on my pillow, Hilarious 


Hey it's snowing. Why aren't you panicking?  


 But it's a dot org! Those are always good sites. 


 that it's gonna work. This is the first try. If its a no-go, then we explore other, more painful option. YAYS.  :/


Starting the new year in a wheelchair  


Come on...Why would I do that? RT  LOOL  LOOL" E no good to laugh person ...  I bought a new ipad so I can play video games and read books   


And Torian White?RT  Meanwhile we had low moral and integrity guys like Jackie Robinson and John Wooden...   


Sore throat, stuffed nose, watery eyes and now an ear infection. I'm so blessed 


Another great turnout from the other side fans    what a shot it was!  RT  Leafs record first shot of the game 11:10 into the first here. Sounds about right.


The   of the  ...   


If football has taught me anything this season: High school, college, or pro, this game is over. No way anyone makes a comeback. 


The Redskins bringing in Code Talkers doesn't seem duplicitous AT ALL 


" Congrats to FSU!  Now there's the NFL playoffs.  Then......  Baseball!!!" ...........great..baseball. Yippie



.  The reading of listener's complaint on   was vintage Kim Hill 


I have the utmost confidence when the bus drivers don't know the routes that they're supposed to drive.  


Fast Offerings in about 8 hours. Shout out to the Deacons who never show up! You guys are great! 


Can already taste those lips I would not be kissing tmr at the midnight countdown.  


Getting home at 12 on a school night! Fuck ya  


I love waking up and going to class so much 


Thanks  I always wanted a Sesame Street episode :D 


So how's yalls day going so far?     I'm a tortured Boston sports fan and we got screwed again.  I will be even more insufferable at work tomorrow!  


 yeah Jen gotta keep the Profits rolling in  lol


Pfft. Negative 8 degrees?      and  Two things most people don't get. Those who do are smiling. ;D


So basically never getting home tonight...already 3 full metros I haven't been able to get into.  


It must be my lucky day Royals is on every station!! 


  my partner in crime, today proving if he wanted to take over the family business at a later date its an option 


Financial accounting on a Friday morning     ... 


 You do realize that's just the short version; the town's nickname...Right? 


I'm literally running on no sleep, so today should be a very productive work day.  


Aw. Ngtatab si enrile habang inaakusahan n sya ni santiago. That's 


     nah, best reason is to leave richer than when you went in 


  I know right? Teach said she really has her priorities right! Lol 


My head feels like its going to explode  


Just watched the finale of  - big surprise ending  watch it  


Nothing better than being sick on Christmas and having to miss church.  


Really?  is a thing? What about his red shoes? Or green? Where is the concern for his other chucks? 


I just realized i missed out on a prime white-girl opportunity! I didn't instagram the crab we had for supper.   


That moment when the clerk at 7/11 tells you that you look "so happy to be alive and standing right now"  


They are all sorts of high tech over here in Cornell!  


You know what I really like??..being lied to it just makes me so damn happy!   


Who want's to work with me next week? It's really fun and everyone's lovely.. 


I am pretty sure my .3 lead will hold up against Frank Gore and Harry Douglas tomorrow night.  


Messi is becoming the Argentinean Pato 
         


Wow the kid upstairs NEVER cries, tonight must be a special occasion!   


 woo hoooo I was really worried it would stop 


 No! You cant smoke in public! You have to go outside of the city! lol   




I wonder what Toronto Mayor Rob Ford thinks of Kubiak firing  


My night just keeps getting better and better:/  


It's already the end of 1 Jan and ManUtd still hasn't signed anyone! Lousy Moyes!  


  they made a second one?! The first one was just SOOOOOOOO good. 


Put hashtags in your bio so I know you're a joke.    


And my car didn't start..good thing I don't have anything to do today...


Oh darn. I have to be katniss tonight for my job.  


Glad to see Jacoby is following in Damon's footsteps by signin w/ NYY   ??


 Amazing numbers for a 30+ yr old. HOF material!



  probably because you need more Guzman in your life yes that is EXACTLY what I need. 


oh i just love when it is so cold the windows are frozen -.- 


Is it just me or does the governor seem mad? 


S/o to Davis players for trashing our stands tonight. 


 Oops, seems like twitter removed the  from that tweet. Haha.


Dear  hai arek magelang! Wk budayakan main, stay eksis dan jadilah beity baru dg usia 20 HAHA  


   Of course, we Tea Partiers support whatever MSNBC says we do! 


 oh yeah totally just paid way too much money for my classes next semester. Such a blast woo 


So I'm pretty sure my hair after seeing frozen looks just like Elsa's....     good to see that  care about their students   of people will backspace their entire password if they press one wrong letter.  


Who knew I followed so many Chicago Fire soccer fans?  


At the doctor to get new head meds.  Why, this ought to be tons of fun.    


Oxford, Region 16, Ansonia, Seymour, Woodbridge, Waterbury, Derby, and Shelton all have no school but we do. Good call Naugy! 


I'm really glad I got up for a no-energy practice 


The UK public transport system is absolutely smashing at dealing with adverse weather  


Just getting home from work -_-
Oh how I love my job!



 Omg Man U had an easy draw for once...  I swear we got Real Madrid last season


Turns out, I enjoy shopping online every bit as much as I enjoy shopping in stores. 


  haha Jo! And that's exactly what it is  


I love when people don't answer my texts... makes me feel so important 


Kay... They want more break downs... I can't wait to hear what the other bands sounds like 


Enjoying the warm December weather here in    didn't win City of Culture... *stunned 


Alone on Christmas Eve. . Shit can't get greater. 


Do you guys want me to do anything else for you? 


It's midday and iv already been up for 7 hours... I love exams. 


Good to know you're on my side with everything. Preciate the support...  


I can tell, conversations with this guy are gonna be FUN! 


If taking something off my desk.... Leave a note. Minor heart attacks ensue when corporate devices go missing. Thanks IT. 


  yaaaay moody Beckie is best!     ha I'll nap


 oh sure... Because not every American deserves equal rights. 


Well it was a bloody slow day at work and I missed the grey cup. But hey tomorrow is another day, another week. Woo hoo!!  


That Awkward moments when aunite ji's come and sit right on top of you because there isn't the whole hall to sit in  


The first thing I want to do when I wake up in the morning? Deal with insurance issues. Yay! 


That's okay I didn't wanna talk to you anyway.  


Wow, some asshole double parked an Escalade?? That's surprising... 


 so soon it will be a crime to play music in your own home? I may as well quit life now if that's the case 


I've exceeded my limit of pain pills and the pain went away for only an hour...welcome back..so happy you returned 


Has anybody ever considered moving Buff to forward?




Jibs just fab dragging me out in that weather! 


Great job  officials in the  vs  game.   


instead of working on my  project, I'm having to do a paper on Cancer and HPV, gee fun fun fun 


One thing I'll really miss when I graduate is walking those 4 flights of stairs 50 times a day.  


I haven't heard nearly enough about my  and coach Mike Shanahan today... 


  RT  Has any one else noticed that both the  and the  have been the Old Man Wells shows?


 This is the type of game I expected. Potential classic. Great game being called by referees... 


And now it's the time of the night when my Internet likes to take its daily crap on me gotta love Cablevision 


 u really just tried pinning that on me 


 Really? I thought he just hated women. 


 But I thought "sex positive" meant "slut"? Gosh, I'm so confused now. 


Oh, but women hero's don't sell tickets. They just don't, ladies. Deal with it. 


  Can the  please sign Tebow too! 


 kids in Africa dont even have problems... Consider yourself lucky you do 


Cant wait for this Malzahn offense to catch on in the NFL so we actually have more than 5 fantasy relevant RBs!    


I can't revise my AP Land FRQs because they are all perfect already. 


I pray for the people named as ' pAR! bE or similar kind. I mean, how do they even fill their  or CAT forms? 


No, don't worry, I texted you because I didn't want a response.. 


I just helpfully got an email reminding me that our wedding is in 4 weeks. Thanks! I almost forgot! 


 What do you mean? The plan was always to be in Europa League and win the trophy in home stadium. EVERYONE knows this!!! 


 oh my god, what a slut. Fancy being topless in bed.  


 good old facebook, what would we do without? 


     Yeh cause im sure that will be successful 


 i think you forgot one more hash tag.  OK. I hope you forgot it anyway......


oh yes. All previous tweets were SARCASTIC RT    Please mention  if you want exoneration from fatwas.


thanks everyone for posting how damn cold it is outside on every social network. I would've never known otherwise  


Thank you, JC Penney for using a Christmas song I have a very strong dislike for in your ads. 


I'm so glad Directv gave me the option to watch their channels in Standard Definition, the HD picture was just too clear. 


 Why, thank you. I definitely make sure to wear opponents' colors so everyone will know I'm cheering for them. 


"We have no bread left, sorry." Well, it's a good thing you're not Subway -_- 


Well what a great start to my fucking day  


 you have so much personality and charisma, makes your matches so entertaining,  hope you win the rumble!   


Thanks Framela. It's awesome that you finished grading our papers &amp; told us our grades going into finals 


I am gonna play the best megaman game now. Megaman X7! 


I have this really strong passion for singing now. Thanks Mrs.Miller 


Kansas St. 28 - Tceh 10 --- 218 yards rushing - middle of 2nd quarter -  ---- 


Wow wasn't expecting so many people to be here this late good thing we stay open till midnight 


12 million for Hughes? Nice to see Liverpool aren't paying too much for players now  


 good luck with that!  All this HopeChangeFsirShareCare is just SO GREAT, right? Oh and bonus unemployment.   


That NSA catalog of spy gear? It's all Made In China. Hey, that's what they told us! 


 the airport is quite active today...   cool, I didn't wanna text you today anyway 


I don't know how I'm going to survive going from 84 all week to 72. Brrr.    totally shocked. 
MT" Bpt mom accused of leaving kids alone to go clubbing Sat. night  play great in  MT   gets fundraising boost from   


Hahah who could have guess coL and Crs LV would have problems on mainstage 


Love being awake during the night - even writing my to do list isn't helping me return to sleep   


According to Google's Santa tracker, Santa is currently in Moscow. That explains why he wears all red, that commie! 


 try   until twitter introduces a sarcasm font :)


 it's so they can remember who they are duh  


Just SO happy I'm going to follow after both parents with blood pressure problems! 


Hmmm... Drunk, high, belligerent... And this is a racial issue? Yep, sounds right to me.  


 yeah cause he's lived an exemplary life since winning last year 


Guys on the train talking about having sex really loudly  


So rask is about to have a second consecutive shutout against the lightning   


This pup has a rough life, let me tell ya, no one lives her AT ALL.      haha your soooo funny  ....but for real we are all going


Local food banks are jam packed.  Good thing they cut food stamps, huh? 


Guys  was targeted! Congress made him go n vandalize...its not his fault pls don't punish him 


Who are you?  RT  I'm so glad you forgot about me 


Sarcasm is Part of My Charm!     


If Shrek can find love, so can you. My point is, you look like Shrek.


Its brilliant not being able to sleep, love it! 


Next week,  will teach you how to locate clay in the ground, make your own bricks, and build your own house, before Christmas! 


 just put on a tackling clinic. By the way Hi my name is    


When someone calls you "friend" &lt; 
 ?
Cough cough




50.5 hours in, and we wrapped! And I had 2 scenes edited thismorning.
What am I going to do for 49.5 hours.  


Sweet hotel room!!        no surely not.. I mean it's all been so simple up to this point how could it possibly get more confusing 


Oh yayy...perfect weather waiting for us in Richardson     pumped that Arian is out for the season,  What a disappointment he was this season


So funny how the media works. Some people say we have an offer out to Cruz, others say we aren't interested. This is fun. 


Unfollowing? No please! Why does it have to come to this? 


 oh good. That's who I wanted it to be. 


Spending the evening at Jiffy Lube...   


But hey! Tanaka is gonna be a Cub or Angel! So that makes Christmas great right!!?? 


IJS..
            up with Brett and Glenn at starbucks to complain about our wives!  


OMFG! I am beyond hungover from the amount of sleep I got last night  


 Next time we're at Dunston this has to get done 



You know what's fun? Having your train delayed. :~/  


I just love waking up to Larry sparks voice at 4 am &amp; not being able to go back to sleep. 


You seem reight disappointed that you can't see me this weekend... 


Entering the final leg of this 15 hour work day. So excited 


I love being treated like I just fell off the damned turnip truck! 


" I blame Russ....he should have scored 80.....  LMBO!!! Or 95!!!


Toronto's expecting 3-5 inches of snow, along with freezing rain in the morning, that just gets me in my happiest mood!   


    oh HAHA your just so funny! 


 "Slightly" is an understatement. But I got it.   


New year same old great reliable service by London's finest transport service  &amp;  Thanks megashake! 


 RT  Momma Joyce is just a ray of sunshine ain't she?  


Dodge ball over here and I can't sleep....    


Aaron Carter absolutely killed his remake of "I want Candy". Look it up... :/   


Is it weird to anyone else that Miley and Kellan Lutz are together? Yeah.. Not sure how I feel about this.  


I'm glad Ortiz is FINALLY talking about wanting to renew his contract. He's usually so quiet and dismissive about contract status 


  Petition to go back in time and make the other Doctors go away cuz they're all old and stuff. 


Coughing, sore throat, headache, achy body, and absolutely freezing! At least I don't have a ton to get done before Sunday. 


 Packers are signing QB Matt Flynn.  Now I'm getting nervous... 


 I'm i smart? I don't know if I am but I'm left handed. Hahaha 


Don't you just love people on trains who have incredibly loud phone call conversations that the whole coach can hear 


So proud of how my kids complete tasks and follow directions.     obviously can't finish games. He just throws interceptions when the game is on the line. Just like   


love when people open my snapchats and don't reply. 


Florida St is blitzing Marshall from everywhere. Sunseri really has the boyz fired up, oh the memories 


Great coaching by Jim Schwartz. Future hall of famer 


It appears that everyone is at the DMV today. Yay! 


Reposted from  , "Sarah looks overjoyed to be getting her papers done.  "   broncos fans start talking shit I would love to hear what you have to say 


I guess 3am means it's bedtime. Hooray for my 8am test!!!    


" We're preparing for a big  day tomorrow...  No way?! But you NEVER mention that programme in your paper EVER! 


Kyle Okposo only plays well when he's in Minnesota, put him on any other rink and he's a bottom 6 player.  


Oh the nonstop fun I have at work... 


The defense did everything they could to keep Carolina down. It was our offense that forgot to show up. Great job QB7!  


Jon Gruden giving great commentary.  "Blunt is in there to run the football." 


 isn't that what all women want - to be told by an old white guy what there problems are? 


Well tonight just keeps getting better and better  ...here comes the tears


  Karan Johar for his  number 


Wow thanks for telling me!
You're such a great friend!
 



Dear Skin,
Thank you for being so over reactive, I greatly appreciate it.
Love, 


How can I can feel better about myself?  I know I'll let my bangs grow out



It's always nice to be a part of family events, especially important ones. Really makes me feel special being included. :) 


If I got good grades this semester, but didn't screen shot them and post them on social media, did I actually get good grades?!? 


Folks be like "I got STRIP throat"...I be like whaaat somebody took ur throat?? It's strep throat people 


Awards Ceremony this morning.. Aka 2 to 3 hours of my life wasted on long speeches and the shaking of hands..  


Boss: I'm going to the store, if anything bad happens, call  she'll know what do!  


So excited to march a parade in 35 degree weather.  Yay. 


  Ooooh yeah totally gimmicky he should look into that 3:16 guy that Foles aint going nowhere 


 *snort* I thought those things never did that 


Really sore from all the punting I did yesterday....  


I love putting up pics of Jennifer Lawrence and having no one like them. 


Glad to see you're where you're supposed to be this week.   you fuck up.


Obamacare It just keeps getting better    way to start my finals studying week . 


 That awkward moment when you don't know how to reply to a really sweet text. Cause that happens all the time. 


Bendtner is looking fresh to death in that mini-pony... 


Yes  Limit liquor sales to 11a-3p every other Tuesday. Just think of the cost reduction.   


 What an injustice!  Would be interested to know what students do in absence of the device.


 Jefferson is a much better option then Kanter. Marvin doesn't play SF so that doesn't work. Corbin is right.  


They are ALWAYS this nice to each other.    no it's fine, I didn't want to talk to you anyways.  


Paul Bunyan Internet is awesome!!     the other hand: women getting preferential treatment? Looks like we finally beat sexism! Wooo! 


Nicoles new hair has taken years off her  


Twitter. where love is spoken. hate is driven. and not a fuck was given.       


Please give me a play by play of your evening by tweeting every five minutes. 


Economics is just getting better and better  


God, those feelings from yesterday are making their way back to my head. Greaaaat... 


Thank you Bing for translating, I would have been lost without you.    have to write 4 more pages of my story for language class. Yay. 


Thanks BT sport for having a pure great signal. Makes watching football amazing.  


 He must be living in a post-racial world. 


The support female sports get from the community is mind-blowing! 


  we may not have enough mental hospitals but we have plenty of prisons to put them in. 


Look at those wheels on Nick Foles   Who said he couldn't run?!? 


 lol follow Justin Bieber, he can get your motor running  :p


Let's talk about this amazing defense being displayed by these SEC teams 


Yeah every time a girl is mad or upset she def pmsing. Totally. That's always the reason. 


My favorite thing to do on Christmas Eve    up yelling, "one of you actually needs a ball. " Illini Elite is interfering with my sleep and season hasn't even started. 


Hey everyone, Baylor beat an awesome OU team who just happens to be getting beat by Iowa State. Great win 2 weeks ago Baylor! 


I just love when my friends flirt with the guy I like...  


 The amount of fun im having right now is indescribable 


People are debating on whether or not Katy Perry's performance was racist...clearly that's what she was going for. 


 I totes know the feeling, I so get that all the time....  (if you couldn't tell)haha!!:)


 We all want to hear about FX for the 454th time today! 


That REALLY pissed me off.... Thanks   I greatly appreciated your attitude today. 


No Kenyon, no Felton, no Tyson, no prigs, and now no amare.....IT'S ALL MELO'S FAULT!!!!!!




From their lavish labs, scientists laugh about fooling the rest of the world!     i guess i can be thankful being forced to be on-call last minute christmas night i was not called until after 12am. 


A Ted Roof led defense struggling with tackling...color me shocked. 


Don't worry, I'm sure Dave Joyner has this under control. 


  kikikikikikikikikiki we should ask Collins-oo


 that's not something that runs in your family so I'm not sure. 


I love when everyone is texting you and then drops off the face of the world and won't even say goodnight. 


 noted --&gt; RT  Gord Miller just CONFIRMED Finland is going to win. It's now 5-1 w/ 48 seconds left.


 I hadn't realised you were a fan of Warks George! 


I'm not Rude and Sarcastic all the time....     need to stop lying in bed and moping about my life. GET UP AND GET THE FUCK ON YOUR FEET!   


" Haven't had a poo all year. Bit worrying. I've eaten like a horse (and eaten a horse) too.   .. a future model 


When you do everything possible for some one and in the end get nothing in return is the best feeling ever!   k...


  I love kpop          


In horse country Bourbon Co's Pregame Cd was 1. Ooh kill em by meek 2. My hitta 3. Turn down 4 what and All me. Really?  


So your the voice of the people and the people said fu$k the vets. I find that hard to believe.  govfullofeffinlosers


 awww hey why don't you take that  and shove it somewhere 


Totally excited for that Spanish test tomorrow. .. 


I read a rant about Kanye earlier and N**gas in Paris has been stuck in my head ever since. So yeah, he's "worthless." 


Ah,  would be happy to know that FoxSports just used a limp bizkit song during their HAL coverage  


 but the tea party and republicans lie remember  


//Godfuckingdammit, I love my brother sooooooooo much. 


He loves taking pictures!       didn't feel like Christmas to begin with, and now it really doesn't. Because your such a wonderful person 


Thanks to everyone who checked on me yesterday, doing better now. Wasn't angry, just really down.  


Nice and warm!       me tell ya, my family is so happy every single year at Christmas  


     Gee. I wonder why. 


There's that infamous poor end product from Lennon again... 


 me have a cat? lol, I'll get one as soon as I move to Nunuvut!  :D


Couldn't have asked for a better start to to bears game 


            just love wrapping Christmas presents.  


 yep, not quite the sensationalism when ppl get helped. That doesn't deserve coverage at all 


 we are fans of     for age 10ish boy


No weight bearing for 4-6 weeks. Christmas break should be enjoyable...  


Because it couldn't obviously get any worse.... 


 your right not all do.  People that do drugs usually end up happy in castles and mansions and are rich af.



 so...... Are you in danger of missing the rose Bowl? 


Black Friday is in 4 days and trey is so excited to take me and his little sister 


 yah, exactly! She had the audacity to want heat and electricity! Why on earth would she expect that? 


Atleast I can always fall asleep at night instead of mid-day. 


Just got the word we're leaving work at noon and the broad who was complaining has walked out of the building   


"We have gotten every NEA grant we ever applied for." NO PRESSURE,  JESSICA is what that says. 


No  in  due to a leak, this isnt going to thwart today's plans one bit 


Oops I guess she's going to see that tweet. Uh ohh, maaah bad. 


  ...East of 71 outside of Griswold  hope that vehicle is 4x4!! 


Freezing rain is one of the main things that attracted me to Minnesota  


  i'm frigid over here in my 58 degree weather  


Yep, makes it much easier on me &amp; E if you keep commenting about how clingy she is 


Oh right, I just had to flatten my already FLAT layer in order to Bring to the Front that makes perfect sense  


Failed my first class.  Ill check that off the list of things to do before I graduate. 


Lyrics in music are so deep nowadays.  I can't deal.


I should say though that they knocked on the door AS THEY WERE WALKING THROUGH IT!  


   Of course not and that's not the point either...you're all missing the point.  


Another stellar big 12 reffing crew in Ames. 


Oh, the joys of being on call...     


Pretty sure it's not a good environmental sign that on 11/16 I've got my car windows down, but the govt doesn't care, why should I? 


 I like how they photoshopped a name in to make a joke 


Oh, man.  The coolest people just walked into the bar.   haha I was joking because they are so beautiful 


  other than that all that he's alright!!!! 


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


Sharknado is happening for me right now!!!! Im super excited for what is sure to be an absolutely amazing movie! 


 Yeah so, what the hell does that have to do with Votto?!  


I'll never be able to fulfill my life long dream of being a foot model.     


Just shutdown phone for 5 days OMG i don't think i'll make it haha  


It's Friday night and I'm home and I'm in bed.  


I love that moment when you piece together your argument in an essay &amp; it sounds epic and u feel like Einstein but then get a B+ 


Did I forget to pay at the restau last night? Cuz im about to wash dishes. 


Can't wait to baby sit old drunk people while being paid $7.50 an hour and miss NYE  


Good thing she is taking care of well being. 


 dude you should be a comedian or something. That's hilarious! And so original! I've never seen that ever before 


Brandon Ross does his best Ray Rice impersonation with that trip and fall in the backfield. 


Oh gosh. Pretty Little Liars comes back on soon.  yay. 


wow glad it's -47 with the wind chill and i only have jeans to wear. my legs arent gonna freeze or anything. 


 babe RT  Rapper! R u in d world lol RT "50shadesOfKlair: pls who is dis phenom dey keep talking about?"


Hmmm well at least   has came back to England looking English     the weed smokers sitting behind me at Staples Center. 


  if hacker took a picture with Eeyore how can we tell them apart their  both jackasses  


Hah. You're right. Lehner and Anderson are just awful.   


S/o to twitterless Jillian for not moving us up in this HUGE line at kohls !!! 


Trying to use  in text with my stepdad was dumb of me. Hes all pissy now.


 GSoc...and here in New Milford, we are playing on a rare combination of real grass and dirt. Very unusual stuff. 


    And the percentage may be even HIGHER 


Nothing more attractive than watching a 20 year old man play video games for hours on end. 


Girl of my dreams hurt me..People in Brampton I'm close with talk shit..Struggling financially..What a 2013 I had! Woohoo!  /


 get your proof, get interest, get bought out, move on.  


Old english texts are absolutely frustrating! I hope you had fun misspelling those words, scribe!  


I mean you have a bed, but please, just sleep on the futon so that I can't watch TV or do anything  


I wonder wholl win  could go either way! 


I'm really glad that 5000 people tweeted about not having school. I would have never figured it out!! 


 need to stop scoring so many goals, it's getting a bit unfair on the other teams.........


"I read a sad statistic that something like 4% of all sushi gets eaten without being Instagrammed first."   


Thank you k-state for having wonderful internet 


I forgot that my brother follows me on twitter, he must be so proooud. 


And that's 2 hours of my life I won't get back, thanks Rob. You're the best teacher ever. 


Gotta love the freezing cold weather!    getmeouttahere


The cast of Ocean's Thirty is very  and     ...   in two days, we're so lucky to have the genius commentary of Michael Owen. Thank god we have the  on  &amp;  


So happy I chose Everton away over Liverpool...  


Just ran out of fucking gas on the way to the gas station.  


 Oh I can already tell its gonna be a great one with the journey i'm having  X


First time he's volunteered to go pick up the dog...fun fact...his ex-wife works there...    


 Scizor: the Pokemon who needed a Mega the most. 


$TWTR up again. Another "all-time" high. Time for a 10-1 stock split?  $MA


Red light cameras are efficient and accurate at catching law breakers 


Feeling desperately sorry for those who had to go back to work today. Some of us have been back a week. 


Had to slither out of bed to look out the window. Thanks a bunch guys, for your responsiveness 


Love how Britney spears new song is beating everyone off the charts haha
Just saying..




Shocking.  RT  INBOX: Speaker Silver will push for $9/hr minimum wage for 2015, a year ahead of scheduled 2016 increase


Not the worse place to practice I guess    Because $20.00 is an outrageous amount of money. 


My hair doubled in size. That's just wonderful. 


Sure the  calling a pass on 3rd down when the run game was working was a smart call... 


So maybe not a out in  tonight. Instead, even better! A night in  ...  but will still be good!


S/O to  for helping me out in my other playoff league!!    favorite season of the year? The season that involves scraping windshields.   


Oh I love having allergic reactions to thing. 


We'll maybe next year billsnow I'm gonna watch the Knicks lose there 9th straight game. Love sport this time of year. 


19 Honest Disney Movie Posters by ScreenCrush     


" "  Holy Grail" I noticed -_-"swr dwn?! O_O 


How I do love to huff paint in the early hours of the morning  


Wake up to my nephew beating me with his penguin yelling "Wake up Jacob!". Ah gotta love the little guy. 


My level of  is to a point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


So the offensive player can hook a guys arm into fouling him. That totally makes sense now refs. 


   NO... I want back the manager who ignored us when he had an outside chance to manage England. 


The chiefs staying in their called defense and ignoring anything Peyton says at LOS is really working 


I can do it. I kinda like school. School is cool  hw is fun 


 you should be, I am pretty cool, and not a book need at all!  


  pffftt feel pure aw wow words cannot explain feeling  


  Wow... 

 Check this out, I think you might like it...  


  ha! this is the 2nd day i've seen you "push" the bhagavad gita. what up homes? *wink* 


Jay Cutler signs 7-year extension deal with the Bears... Great decision guys  


  I didn't know you were this funny... Brandon's Popularity &gt; Nicole's Popularity


I love when my feet go numb randomly especially at the gym  


What does $39.99 buy you?  Only the freshest sea salt.    a beautiful day to sit in front of my computer and fill out job apps 

 


 Well he did dedicate 2 whole sentences that portrayed  as doing that.  


Of course when it doesn't matter mitch mcconnell votes nay. Thanks for your wonderful leadership.... 


 my life sucks...like I have too many friends  


Wow I had so many texts and tweets there I can't cope with them all  


 waley pero alam ko lang 80% sa lineup eh lalaki :)))) hooray!!! *sabog confetti*   :)))


I can't believe this Presidenthe has said "Merry Christmas" TWICE now. How dare he! 


The best part about being a  subscriber who likes  is having to watch fights on a 3-hour tape delay. 


Next semester Ill have a lot of early mornings, I guess I forgot to factor in my insomnia, should be a fun semester  


Uh oh guys, better watch out! I saw  last night and he hugged me. Must mean we're dating! 


And I thought it was nice out yesterday   day just keeps getting better and better 


  Yes. Kyrie sucks. Cavs would be much better off with Dion running this team... 


I'm officially signed up for 6 credits that are completely useless...  


Fire alarm goes off while I am in old navy with Nina, my lucky day   burrr


 but we were the ones in a rebuilding year, I thought  lol


Starbucks workers should go to the spelling bee  


 it's not like you sent nudes to anyone, 


It's great to have such a deep, important news story so early in the new yr such as Hillary getting bangs. Riveting &amp; inspiring. 


This whole situation jut gets better and better. 


C'MON GUYS it's important to remember that the  has our BEST INTEREST in mind with the  rules! 


Being able to respond with  within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy brain


Two rounds of severe weather possible tomorrow. Should be fun... 


saw these at the store  because u know its getting really difficult to hold my tacos &amp; fill it   Yea right. Like the word 'point' will add so much sense to Mukul's tweet. 


 preferring a debate over a true champion...  Sounds logical.    Glad I cancelled 4 mths ago...


 haha Yap and I was not giving sympathy before 


Good morning to the most wonderful store in the worldddd! 


 yeah.. But we got coffee out of the deal *sips mug* so it all works out in the end 


 Man Ronnie I really have to applaud you on your professionalism  way to secure the future of your company 


Oh, 'cause it's not like music'll pay my bills. It just resonates within my soul and communicates like no human can. Nothing big. 


 I can't imagine the pain you're going through 


"no pain no game." i whisper as i break my brothers leg while playing twister 


My level of  has reached to a point where I dont even know if Im kidding or not.


 you should just wear something with zippers.... 


Thank you  and  for charging me a bag fee even though I was given one free checked bag. Wonderful customer service 


 oh yes he's such a ballhawking would be a great safety 


Thank goodness they decided to start construction again next door at the beginning of finals week... 


Good lal punches and a head butt of a 21 year old lad for fuck all last night, my jaw feels great!! 


Quite obvious that Jonathan Grimes was snubbed for the Pro Bowl! 


Very funny piece: Porn Shutdown In America Devastates Millions Of Fans Of Hand Relief:     


The usual insightful analysis from catalaxy  "Couldnt they have kept her longer?"  moment when your reason behind making a decision is "FUCK IT"   


  how do we know he's wasn't born with "dog attraction"?   


Another mega shit Friday night, bring on the weekend, wooo  


I can clearly see what is going on in this Phili Detroit game 


 Sooo are these gamma blue 11's the worst Jordans ever? Lol Everybody seems to hate them... 


Surprised everyone isn't posting their opinions about Phil Robertson and A&amp;E.    


Been working since 4 in the morning.   


Gales.and power cut at cliff... Ohh what a fun night this is so far! 


 Meaty views are down 50% since the google+ implementation. Thank you for rewarding hard work youtube. 


 Janeway is voyager, so the other one. Look up the intro music if you can, it's fabulous 


  Maybe some  in that first tweet?!!!


Always lovely waking at at 7:30 PM knowing you have to finish two deadlines and get decent sleep for the next day. 


My brother threatened my with his knife.     


I have to be at school til 7 on my birthday lol awesome! 


Wow! It's so sunny and pleasant outside today!    


Constant criticism in the public eye. Humans make mistakes, but not media people... We gotta be perfect!  


 is a very serious affair like constipation or loose motion. So, be serious and never practise  if you want to be a 


Glad to see the  made some solid moves to upgrade the team this offseason... 


  yeah those never need to get replaced 


I love it when people invoice us for work that I haven't actually approved. Or better yet, that hasn't happened yet.  


It's a good thing this game is meaningless for the  


But if a Christian says 'Merry Christmas' to you? GEEZ, what a jerk. Throw that guy in jail. Am I right? That should be illegal. 


Driving a truck with RWD through the snow is my favourite! 


 consumers generally hate ads, so stalking them from device to device just makes sense 


I want to give a shoutout to   for texting me back per usual... I love you too 


Sweet mo-ped dude!! Does it come with a badass skull tattoo?? 


A beautiful sunny New Years day in Oak Harbor      right. because I never went through the public school system 


Miller Light's punch-top can is one of the most convenient inventions of all time. Saves users 2 seconds per can.  


Welp. I guess it just grew legs and walked away by itself. 
That makes perfect sense  
 


 and we wonder why the racing is Sh*t.. but at least even bigger spoilers are on the way!!! 


 (because punching people in the face is illegal)


maybe chelsea mng...dan dpt tiga mata pnuh untuk mnghampiri pts arsenal...hnye mnghampiri....


.  
With the media on a JFK memorial marathon, I'm sure the coverage of that will be HUGE!! 


Thanks Pizza Hut!  Ace of Base - The Sign (Official):  sure y this parent is upset. After all, children belong 2the State.  Really though, the State is criminal   a perfect picture of austerity. That was  btw


 Typical excuse for getting the sound of geese and turkeys messed up. Totally understandable. 


 Thanks for retweeting this.    K Phil Dawson named NFC Special Teams Player of the Week (14).


I have now refused to trust guys and post up all my fences. This couldn't have come at better time 


WOW, Skye, you're so considerate of people, I am in AWE at your empathy.  


Yeah let's start Bargnani and Chandler at the same time, that'll work out great!   


PBR on tap at Applebees now. And its only for $3 a piece??? Wow! 

Eff outta here with that


I really appreciate the effort you show. NOT 


I just love going to the doctors every week. It's so much fun. 


I miss the days when movies had overtures and intermissions. 


Nothing feels better after running 10.3 miles than a 2 hour drive... 


That ms girls basketball game though.. Such action! 


Ohh I hope no one asks me to preference while I'm at work till roughly 8 pm tonight.  


Watching "It's A Wonderful Life" tonight. Alone.   


So good seeing Bernard Tomic doing tennis ads on 7mate... I can't wait to get bombarded with him this tennis season

 


 and how about a million dollars!!! Cuz I see the likelihood of all of that happening! 


I'm going to look soo pretty with my hair In French braids and a bun for the dance show 


. Thank you for your permission to be bitter. I should definitely keep it in check, you're totally right.  


 right.... you sound lke a really smart football fan.. 


No hot water or central heating in our digs this morning. Happy Monday everyone! 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Callon is back,  intact. Check out the  sample on      Florida back to Atlanta today. 6 hours of fun driving 


BREAKING NEWS: They have spotted a puddle in the Benton elementary parking lot, so they have no option but to cancel school. 


  has its ways to get back at you ! :P
    and then i wanted to go celebrate christmas in japan but my parents booked a holiday to the US. how sucky is that! 


Wow. I can hear the 49er fans cheering at the appropriate time. Good job, looks like that email really helped.   


Exactly!             What do trains run on? .....tracks?  


The best thing to do at 3 am is to listen to sad music.  


I just love getting lectures from my brother.  fml.


 so I can just email you all my writing assignments and you can proofread them? (; 


Nobody would hv thought Leslie Frazier would get the ol pink slip.  


West Ham v Sunderland what a thrilling 90mins of football 


So glad Joey cleared up the dishwasher.... I wondered how it all worked!!! 


Well good thing my car won't start and a huge storm is coming  


Girlfriends father in hospital with suspected broken leg after falling on black ice walking the dog. Fun Christmas time 


Ithe dry skin I get in the winter. It's really cool having to rub lotion on my feet. 


But the Chiefs haven't played anybody.    


 yes I would like for you to beat my ass Kenny. 


Glad I get to spend the whole day working! Its not like I wanted to watch the State game anyways! 


Ok. We're starting now. Oooh skull &amp; crossbones. I wonder if there'll be pirates?
 



Hooray for stopping multiple times on a 70 mph interstate.  I hate this day more every year.


 oh my god Ed you're so funny like oh em gee how can I be like you I want to be as funny as you you're so clever. 


Thanks CHS, I was hoping you'd give me a chance to use my new coat and prepare for my trip.   get ready you look like shit!"   .. My friends &gt;    


 wait soooo...he didn't buy the car in England 


Goodmorning met hospital oh how I love your company ...  I need to go back to bed


No message or nothing?? smh well dang glad to know i was in your mind  


  is only word describing why that play happened. Woodson is a mole.  


 congrats!!! Mia is a trash city. I hear its a tough place to live. Nothing to do 



 so you must be back home in beautiful NB!  


 what would we do without you protecting us?  


This extremely painful pinched nerve in my arm shouldn't hinder me doing my job at all today.  


 perhaps your next game should carry a warning:- you may have to mess about for a long time before this game works. 


The snowdown showdown has all the honor and glory of attrition warfare. Who doesn't love that?  


congrats you're really good at taking selfies, I hope you put that on your resum one day. 


Martin o'neill is a class manager beating the might of Latvia 3-0   


Its an app for your iPad to buy stuff from the Apple Store. Wow exciting stuff  


 it just bothered me that they can talk shit about me to other people but when i want to hear it they wont tell me :'( 


Perhaps one of the greatest episodes of   was just recorded. Oh ya!      


Wow my phone hasn't stop all day... I have no friends


waking up at 5 am and working with my dad on the first day of break is just what I wanted to doo . 


 Yet another round of 'reviewing protocols'.  That'll help. 


 Oh, I thought it was about a guy running around with a Dildo-Like thing that flashes the fuck out of everything 


Whoever wrote this article obviously loves AVB!    


 hahaha yer got a B in history!! I'm basically Stephen hawking and I can say what I want 


 how dare you say anything negative about BB and the PATS.  Don't you know they are the model for all human beings?! 


Thanks for sharing the pictures of your shopping trip, we all feel great about ourselves now 


Crying yourself to sleep.haven't done that in a while..lol  


Two pink eye infections &amp; a sinus infection. Well isn't that just attractive..


David Perron the  best player?!?!?  LMAO... yep, playoff team.   


Their strength of schedule is just as bad if not worse and yet they're above Ohio State. Oh wait they played Miami, right.  


Loving this forecast. For the next week we get to choose between a high of -21 or -22. It's like a weather buffet  


Yeah. You're right everyone. Alex Smith doesn't have a good arm.  


If Seferian-Jenkins and Sankey were staying before, they're definitely staying now!  "   


Fair weather ManUre fans? Nnaaahhh. 
 
 Boos at Old Trafford from home fans after 1-0 defeat. 


Mental breakdowns before exams is always fun.



Thank you for that good luck text before my game, it was greatly appreciated!!  


Preach RT  Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't take a picture of my thanksgiving meal. 


Pretty sure I almost fainted tonight. But I guess that's college for ya. 


What? No, no I love feeling sick. It just makes my heart swell with Joy. 


 Oh, thank you!!  I feel SO much better now! 


Jordan Burroughs is semi-athletic:  HT:    


But that wasn't a big f'k u to TB and the Pats or anything. 


    life is the best isn't it . 


 Stop being so open minded!!! Like...come on Vern!! 


Your tears is like the rain in the middle of desert. Bliss for everyone. 


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


What a crazy concept! Eat real food?!      


Why is our punter not at Alabama   


 way??? Motorists endanger cyclists no matter what safety precautions we take? Shocking! 


Scrabble with the family always brings out the best in us 


I love sitting in doctors appointments waiting for an hour or so to see some real results. 


            someone you love keeps comparing you to their ex...oh yeah I love that shit makes me feel great! 



70 in  3 days away frm xmas..Ne1 goin 2 take  seriously? Really dun want 2 b dat "I told u so" guy  


I'm soo excited to start classes tomorrow especially since I'm taking the beginner's math... when I should be take College Trig... 


Can't wait to get back home and start on this homework  


Funny how everybody acted like PO shot their 7 year old dog when he came out about his stint w/ drug usage while at Harvard  


yeah i'm amazed too  RT  I can see OT5 shit and yunjae shippers photoshop :) !! Your amazing guys ? That was fast.


 Well my break started off good  


 Does holding patients in ambulances allow A&amp;E to reach targets of &gt;95% o patients seen within 4hrs? Jolly good  


wow. you telling ,me you can suck your own penis makes me wanna bang the shizz out of you now    


I have an idea! Lets watch something that gives girls unrealistic standards and makes them feel bad about themselves after!  


   forgot to add hashtag  - of course I've seen Avatar. But that feels like a long time ago.


Best go wake the party animal and shoo her to bed     


Funny right? Hahahaha fuck it it's okayy I wasn't expecting a same to you or thank you 


   you mean Satan put out similar stories to gum up the works? You mean he's that smart? No way! 


So, girls get dolls in pink boxes and boys get cars in blue boxes. The imagination of toy makers is overwhelming. 


So, the Day of the Doctor live tweets. Thanks a lot. 


Ooh a new Gary Barlow song, someone better hold me back from buying it... 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Can't wait to get deer stands ready in the rain 


I almost forgot how great the drivers in CP are. 


I love that cute thing you do where you ignore me and then act distant when you talk to me. I just love it so much. 


Not sure my nails are sparkly enough u know...  :p      sore throat, sore tooth, staying up to export music... This is fun      


Yes, continually complaining on a business' Facebook will definitely fix all your issues. Please just keep doing your thing!  


  guys this convo is prob hurting someone's feelings 


finally, my computer is back (and it's faster than evah, holla) and i have LR again! now, only 2,000 pictures to edit. yayyyy. 


No, no. Don't worry about it. Getting sick the week before finals isn't a problem at all. 


I guess you can't take the French out of the French-Canadian. OH!  


 So Gibbs will get a 2nd chance at love &amp; Tony will be building an aquarium in his basement. GG, you are brilliant. 


Make sure you post your feelings publicly so you can subliminally make that one person feel bad. It always works. 


Yeah, God. That's exactly what we need. MORE snow. Thanks, buddy. 


   No, no...wisdom says go along with this, THEN when we win in 2014/16, we fight. Don't rock the boat! 


Who knew "reasonableness" was a word? Thank you Common Core math for improving my vocabulary. 


  Truly the best time of year, it's so very generous of them! 


  Raes NDP fucked people over? Impossible! 


I love it when..           those are fun temperatures to see.       says he's the greatest quarterback ever!   


I feel like i'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. -Anonymous  


   not jealous at all, not one bit. 


 I wasn't sure if you were aware of a snowday on Tuesday, January 7th of 2014. People aren't really talking about it 


 how disappointing that the Bears couldn't break the Saints 40 1st downs in a game record.  


Tulo trade would fill Beltran offensive hole, but how much of an upgrade is he over the Gizzard of Koz at SS?  


Oh good. We've left campus in search of parking and are now a good 30min walk away. Totally worth it all. 


 Good Morning -- YES -- MAJOR WINTER STORM THIS WEEKEND -- and YES we can still be friends!!    :-)


Sometimes I type in something and change my mind. Not because I'm being mean. Because it isn't mean enough for what I want to say. 


everyone will cancel school in this entire state but nordonia. that's what I love about nordonia. 


Loving a freezing cold 25 min wait for the bus 


I need to use the  hashtag more often.  I keep getting into trouble. :-/


  Told you roddy would kill it tonight 


 "Redskins frustrated with RG3".

Tell em it's ok because Marshall Faulk still believes. 


  ole trey is the    


Root seems like such a patriot, I'm sure she'd total go for the country card!  


Yeah I forgot how much fun it is dealing with  email clients.



Can't believe all trains are delayed this morning. I mean visibility can't be that important for trains right? They're on tracks. 


Got so much work to do but got nothing I'm doing. WTF. You punk!!! 


Omg yesssss! Totally me!       sounds like it!! I'll pass the word on!  


Good thing this pain in my back gets worse through the course of the day so by 430 Ill be so ready for work  


Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, well that's alright cuz I love the way you lie... 


 how many titles don't get have between them...  Oh it's bc they r such good coaches &amp; beat each other.  


Love when you're sitting in the library with a bunch of open spaces, and someone comes and sits right next to you. 


People please stop blowing up my phone ha ha ha 


Have a class at 9 and have to be up at 6.30am on SATURDAY GROOL :D 


If there's one thing I've learnt at M&amp;S, its how to disassemble cardboard boxes  


Gee I love listening to my mom try to talk about sports 


Oh my gawd! I just got the call - I have been randomly selected &amp; won a Cruise to the Bahamas!!  You guys...this CAN'T be fake! 


To the girl who is dating my crush, please make him happy or if u dont, your nightmare will become reality, biatch. 


lack of heat. no hot water. this is a good sunday. 


Yeah we should totally get rid of Big Ben.  


  Why did you have a Pyatt one in the first place?  


I love when my hair gets stuck to my lip gloss 


No mom, I wasn't just climbing in your curtains and the rod came down.       I'll miss the Fox Sports Midwest pizza commercial where he sings "the square beyond compare."  


 just a freshman, but composed himself in 2nd half completing every pass on game winning drive... yup he sucks 


Gotta go back to Birmingham for a week and two days just to come back to Montgomery for 2 whole months... How exciting!  


When I get in trouble for forgetting things-_- oh yea mom and dad let me turn up my "memory switch" in my brain real quick 


There's a smoke shop in Zapata lol looks like we have badasses over here 


there are two types of ppl dat dont know how to shut a bathroom door: men and married women 


Wow my mom makes me feel so good about myself 


I should prolly include the  hashtag when tweeting abt urban legends, since some folks are still believers.


Nothing better than being "The secret token black boyfriend" 


 " It's going to be 18 degrees tonight... Perfect game weather"    


Don't think I'm going back to sleep now.. GREAT, JUST GREAT



 I suspect you used the I's instead of the correct E's because of how self-centered your world has truly become! 


Oops shoulda put the $ in that  Nobody probably knows who tf I'm talkin ab without the $.... -___-  


That is a pretty good average though RT  hasnt produced as a runner. One attempt for 5 yards &amp; a lost fumble  


I do not care if one of my Facebook friends joined   Thank you for the e-mail notification. 


I just love the subliminal hidden agenda behind white house down. 


Dear lord being sick is aweful! Perfect timing 


Banging headache, backache and my bed is calling me back zzzzzzzzzzzz. All in all I feel amayyyyyyzing! 


 but I feel so safe in the car you use now....... Who needs a handbrake? 


Nothing better than naked old dudes in the locker room at the gym...  


You know what's fun? Having to manually re-add all your contacts back in because they didn't transfer to your new phone. 


Gee, I wonder who will win Superstar of the Year?   


So glad I have my friends on tho boring ass night!  


That final was a wonderful start to dead week. 


I love it when I'm watching a movie and my family is having a who-can-be-the-loudest competition. 


If you take my sarcasm seriously, then you suck and I hate you. 


I don't understand why but I totally understand what you mean 


In case you're wondering,  at $900. Below $700 earlier. Told family I will only accept future 529 gifts for kids in $BCOIN. 


Don't you just love that friend who reposts everything on 9gag and spams your Facebook timeline?  


Hey isn't Gore the one that created Twitter ? Or was that just the internet in general   


 Just wait another 1500 years to get Brahmin reservation. 


For the Capitals-Penguins game  tonight I will be live tweeting every play to validate my status as a hockey expert.   


Didn't Know You Could Do That. Fucking Great..   Who? I think you're exaggerating ;) I haven't heard a thing about him the whole game! 


I read today that the gov want all embryos testing for intelligence to properly ensure education progress is met 


 It's all coming up roses for Cowboys fans!  


How about Chadli up top and Soldado at RW so when they both run to the other's position, they will be in the right place



Had an interesting exchange with airline but hey, gotta do...eh? RT   oops. Gotta love air travel 


I love that 90% of the time, you guys are just OOCing with every one of your tweets.  


Dorsett! WTF!? Whatever, TRADE Nash! We got Dorsett!  


My favorite part about telling people how long I've been with Richard is when they ask why we aren't married yet. 


   why not go after DRC?&lt;-- 


"Mike, what will you have on tap for tomorrow?" Man! Bob Costas deserves every broadcasting award for those kinds of lines  


  ugly christmas sweaters are soooo funny.   


 New video is the worst thing I have ever seen and heard. I wish I had  talent of having no talent  


" Moss looks thrilled to be out there returning punts." That's what a veteran is supposed to be doing 


I'm so glad this deer season has been a success!   its like I live in the forestry!!!


If minorities complaining about a black president is considered racism, white America needs to eliminate  from their vocab 


 did you hear.. Justin Bieber is 'retiring'.. Oh no, what a shame! :(  :')


I'm so sarcastic, I even have a sarcastic hat to wear when shoveling snow!   a big deal that will shake the landscape in the AL!!!  "  are close to a deal with willie bloomquist"


 People always staring down my damn shirt      cut for a cut


It's firmware update day. The most wonderful day of the year. 


Don't worry about those who talk behind your back. They're behind you for a reason. 


  Naked Gun remake just wouldn't be the same without OJ. 


My friday: 2 quiz, 2 homework, 1 test. I really love school. 


 I'll bet he's just glad that he doesn't have to face the powerhouse Bearcats.    


Come on Gilbride! Why wouldn't you call a draw with 4 seconds left?  


I was such an odd kid.. Glad to know I changed 


Time to load up the rented  and get back to  So glad it has no windowd  


 Very funny! Should have read 'protein-packed'. It was very much a non-transportable meal! ;-)  !


Watching big brother with my dad isn't get awkward at all 


Love waking up to my mom &amp; sister arguing &amp; stomping around like an elephant. 


Mark may loves kstate if you can't tell.......  


 sent from iPhone after being charged AGAIN.   


  well, Belichik is great at halftime adjustments 


Oh, my favorite commentator who gets excited about everything is doing the Ohio State/MSU game. 


Thanks, dad. I didn't realize what that song was. 


 ATK is totally awesome!  I just wish Victoire would put out a cookbook... it'd be soooo much better!   


Have absolutely no focus and no energy ... Welp today's going splendidly. Exactly according to plan  


" Just burped and it tasted like ikea meatballs.  ... how u kno wn a girl is into swedish guys  


Looking forward to another lunch watching the (completely inappropriate) two man show.   


 seein your favorite characters from books whitewashed. I didnt like that darkie description either 


 Not a bad way to end an eeurghh sort of year... Just a quiet night in with a Corona for me! Happy Days!! 


 Good thing we have an offensive genius who knows the big12 coaching 


 Good to see Chelsea and Arsenal draw, good for our title hopes...  


So far this weekend has been awesome.. Staying in 2 nights inna row  


 well we can't have that. Forget privacy &amp; civil rights, we can't hurt business!  


My aunt is so sweet. I asked her to make me spaghetti and then she sent me a link to a recipe.  =))


This song is keeping me sane writing my essay. So I'm glad I found one so full of joy and Christmas cheer..  


The Florida Gators are so good that their linemen block each other. Hahaha.   


Hilarious piece: Spare A Thought For 1000s Of Sex Tourists Caught Up In The  Philippines:     


Wow! Getting spammed on Facebook is delightful. You guys should try it sometime! 


I love how some drivers decide to pull out in front of you 30 seconds before they actually do. 


Getting your psyche analyzed is fuuuuun. Goooooo counseling!!!! 


This is how  helps me play  He's very good at it.      lucky to get these 3pts here against a strong Hull team... taking a risk resting our number 1 striker too   


it's okay, it's not like i don't have to work in the morning or anything. 


Barry is making  a family affair. Michelle gets her chance to screw it up now since her school lunch thing went so well. 


It's been years since i've seen my phone actually get to 100% 


Look at Peterson taking wickets, getting a quick 50 also with the bat. Definitely should be dropped 


     bahahaha I did yeah..  


What a stupid way to wake up, this should be a great day 


And there goes John Inverdale continuing his charm offensive... We love you John!  


Put weeden in. Lmao.      


Obamacare =  only 3 million newly UNINSURED people for Jan 1, 2014.  That's moving the ball.   


Dear  NY. Would please please keep the freakin'  coming so we're stuck here another day?! TY! 


 heard you got an awesome Tebow autographed calendar.  


...Name wrong.  Thank you. I appreciate the clarification, because obviously I don't know how to spell my own sister's name. 


 Sorry! . Some folk don't like them. And I'm not a fan at all.   i love when the 10th person in a row ignores the important thing im saying to make fun of my laryngitus.  


Ask me a  dumbass question and my  comes out and you might not like it


Wow, looks like a great week ahead    hair is blue. You're so indie, why can't I be you 


  that's true, wouldn't want to be banished to hell for something we can so clearly control. 


   you could always call on Chris Fishe, the king of all that is cool, tough, and southern 


  Par for the course, I asked for your help but heard no reply. Great customer service.  


  No Kiero...you have to go to school tomorrow by yourself, while everyone else takes the day off! 


// It's nice when your 'partner' comes online and tweets you once in like a week. .. ... .. 


  But the explosions are cool.. and it's only part one, maybe it get's better? 


Thinking about taking what $$ I have left after betting on real estate in 07, then gold in 2011, and "investing" in bitcoin. You? 


 you missed  on your tweets apparently LOL


No swimming today?! There's no reason to live anymore! 


How are we going to be able to use SHOUTcast?!!?!?!? 


The amount of white people on the field of the championship is overwhelming.  


Oh god, tomorrow's the first practice and coach is gonna kill me since I didn't do the offseason workouts  


almost as much fun writing a chem exam as taking one 


SO EXCITED to work outside tomorrow in the cold!
  really glad the  are spending tax money on this manifesto instead of working in the interests of the people.  


 and in Toronto, they not only sign him long term...they give him the C too!  


 Because were giant attention whores that like to listen to people bitch about all of our obnoxious tweets.  


Couples, now is the time to kiss each other in the rain. 


Thank you to the hundreds of people who decided steak n shake was tge place to be tonight    


Longest 2 weeks of my life can't wait to get back to the graft tomorrow  


Wore  favorite shoes that I own this morning, I know you would be happy!   


I just love when people make up stories about me. 



Mano los tweets de  son tan lindos! Inspiran a uno a vivir!   just really love English class best of the day!! 


Alright. Time for chipotle dinner. Gotta love night shift. 


If I didnt know any better I would say that a big snow storm is coming because the shelves of Walmart are practically empty 


My life is hilarious right now. And yet I'm not laughing. Ridiculous.  


Hey guys, great news, the Beatles and Kraftwerk finally get the credit they deserve both receiving lifetime achievement Grammys 


Sometimes the level of my  goes to a point where even I don't know if I'm kidding or not.


 cute  mate, I shortylingualize my tweets when needed. Btw lets go get some candles to make wishes and blow them ;-)


 Sounds about right but I can't tonight. Plus I wouldnt be able to fill your shoes 


 when your sarcasm is so advanced, people actually think you're stupid. 


The storm has really got it's shit together, it's doing a screamer now. Oh joy! 


I've become more mature; my user name is no longer alternating upper and lower case letters, woo, go me.  


It's 30 degrees with whipping winds at 2:30 am. Naturally, I should be outside with the Husky. 


Feeling so proud to be British right now!   -_-


Wow its almost 2014 and Im still as ugly as I was in 2008 


I get to wake up in 5 hours to finish getting packed and then go on a 6 hour drive home.   


Must say this is the coldest 29 degree weather I have ever experienced  smh


padres should go after Morse, more outfielders please! 


From all the tweets id never have guessed harry potter was on 


I should become a detective. I found Maria's private Facebook (and other celebrities). So proud of myself  


VH1's Single Ladies is back for another season.....Oh Joy. 

 


 maube his weekly radio spots, we kno how valuable those are to a team 


The atmosphere in Sixfields is as electric as always      


 to me: "has anyone ever told you you're a fantastic singer" lmao   


 love the new edge option. Pay full price for a phone and still pay the 'subsidized fees'.   


 haha did you threaten him with knive  


Aw, thank you for texting me like you said you would.  


Lately all I want to do is be silent and read. I guess it's my new coping mechanism.   of   


*Goes on IG*, sees girls with booty shorts, shirtless guys with tattoos, shout outs and the DM things. Just beautiful 


One of my favorite things to do this time of year is try and cram all the late projects in at the last minute before holidays. 


 Oh hey, if you were unaware, we don't have school today.   


If only the people living in  lived in a place where people could lock themselves in a room, like a prison! 


The only reason I  you was because I wanted you to ignore me. Thanks for understanding that. 


  So he's keeping the Russo "shades of gray" booking. That won't go wrong at all! 


High level source reporting Paul Rhoads will be the next coach at Texas  


Thank you to the dozy condescending presenter on  for telling me it's Christmas Eve. I really didn't know that. 


Maybe a medical professional should do it?   Israeli court fines woman 86 a day for refusing to circumcise her son


S/O to  for getting the "hey baba hey baba" song stuck in my head! 


Really tired today! Today is going to be great! 


Guys who outrage over Teesta just Love Madhu Kishwar .... And yes dey arent hypocrites U Know... 


 awh, i hope you still have fun though. i feel like shit and i hate christmas, its gonna be epic. 


Change a tire in this cold?? Sure! Why the Heck not?? Sounds like fun!  


The sterile, lip-sync'd Selena Gomez halftime show proves Jerry Jones/Cowboys have their finger on the pulse of the Cowboys fan. 


I know it's 72 here in the Carolina's but I'm still contemplating the black nail polish... Too soon?  


Watching the replay of yesterday's game with this little bitty lap dog    gave me the best present ever!! A blow out. It was perfect. How cute of her!  


I love that I can hear the movie my brother and his girlfriend are watching through the wall and over my TV that's 5ft away.  


 I know. 

Although I did just recently find out what the terms FUPA and the shocker mean...


Gauhar says I promise iske baad mei baat nahi karoungi, let's see if she keeps the promise even a day   


Eddie Stobbart Christmas delivery , this is going to be tense! 


Wow thanks  for being generous with the cream cheese.    The Utica Comets lost 2-1 tonight. Alex Grenier with the lone-goal for the Comets. Eriksson with 21 saves.  


 Ooooooh.... $5.00. Woah that's amazing. Now I can pay off some debts that I have cuz I can't afford to live here 


Having an exam worth 85% tonight isn't intimidating at all. 


Sleep, cartoons, homework, and application essays...... Yea senior year is,great........ 


  I don't get it... whats the problem?  doesn't everyone take naked pics at work?  


So Big Sam's tactical change in the last 10 minutes of a game we're 1 down in, is to swap left backs  


 don't be so hard on the guy, everyone knows he is best goalie in the league... 


I've just been told that if I go out for a drink tonight I'll be "treated to a McDonalds".     


"  I have seen a laughing Buddha but never a portrait of a smiling Jesus Christ." only 1 4saw his death 


 anything our government attempts to do , only makes it more worst !! 


Just accidentally watched someone called MIA on Conan.  WOW, that's talent!    


Can already tell this is gunna be an awesome weekend 


Holy fucking shit my head hurts. Can't wait for work!!!!  


Borrow money from a  - they don't expect it back.
 


My father-in-law wants to know why so many 'fans'  are dressed as Blue Chairs?  


Again! Blue T-shirt night at the Sleeman Centre for  action between  and the Hurricanes!      hahaha yh i dont care. Please dont think that i actually was going to help you 


Don't you just love puking the day before break   


  this is the kind of conversation that keeps me on the edge of my seat and makes my friday nights fun 


Told my mom I'm coming home for Thanksgiving and she goes "Oh boy, already?" She's clearly excited 


I just love it when people try to pair you up with someone they barely know. 


Perfect day for a soccer game!!   


Dear anxiety, thank you for being there for me. You're so faithful.   


 Stop feeding the poor until the Church ordains women? GREAT idea!    


Thanks 923  service to FST for waiting 2 mins for the late running 913 CFH  now waiting for GRY 953 that is 4mins late 


Jgn marah keputusan  . Jgn wat apa2. Cuma syukurrrrr 


 Compared to Kay Jewelers? Jared speaks to me &amp; my out-of-touch inner White male!  made me snort!


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                 


Two people on the morning shift at   = great service.  


Woah... Is anyone else noticing how windy it is?? 
 


BREAKING NEWS!!! Some group of circus animals had just sued their Manager for forcing them to perform nude.. lol  


Perkara paling siok bg golongan pondan ialah,dpt ber'make up' n mnggunakn tndas wanita!!  


But thanks to my wonderful mom she made me wrap all the presents including mine  


  That's Exactally How I get rid of my Problems!!!!  


But then again I turn 18 and graduate high school, what could go wrong? 


Wow. That's one hell of a snow storm. Just look at all that lake effect snow. My God. What will we ever do? 


Great way to start my spring semester.  


I fucking LOVE being home alone all the time, love it  


Perfect way to start a day.... Go to the DMV. 


  I'm personally a huge fan of English class. I mean, who doesn't love learning the same things ever year? 


I had no idea AMA stood for  American Music Awards. Thanks for clearing that up for me...  


Andy Reid with poor time management skills colour me shocked  


Good thing I have to work and interact with people...


SEC is killing it today!!! I'm sure Florida, Miss St &amp; Arkansas would all compete for conference titles in the  &amp;  


Yeah, getting to work Saturday morning is going to be FUUUNNN...  


Love a 2 hr delayed direct flight with no explanation (while traveling with an infant),  


 Hey-I heard that he is Ryans brother. Wow. That has been really under reported. 


yaaaaay        i found out how bi a genius i am   


Super psyched I came home from Florida just in time for shit tons of snow!   


 I'm just shocked that a person with parents like his and who's given anything he wants could be anything but an angel. 


Hahah the looks I got at Ainlay   


 Excited to go to school  huhu si francine "verbal irony" 


Wow so Tom Daley is going out with a man, I never would have saw that one coming  


If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.  Hahaha....  at its best 


 How will you ever be a food blogger?   
How will your followers know if you are trying to be healthier?



Thanks to work for making  an afternoon shift on Christmas Day! Cheers for that mateys cause now I can't see him 


Between the  and  ,  has sure given us a lot to be proud of this week.   


So, is Kyle Larson not an athlete because he drives a 650HP car at 160MPH 6 inches away from the wall for 300 miles?  


What's better than taking a little trip to Hattie as soon as I get back to perk?!   


Triple H and Stephanie opening another PPV? BRILLIANT. Sets a great pace and tone for the show.   


OMGAWD Rob can't celebrate Thanksgiving!!! He's from England! He can't eat Turkey and stuffing etc!!!  


Can't believe Santa got me 2 hardwell tickets!! Would never have guessed 


Wow! Thanks for sending me 30mb of unmarked files for that  loan you are looking to place.  


The wonderful moment when I was sleeping and my parents wake me up to ask me something irrelevant  


 katju was very right when he titled 90% indians as fool....
Once critics of such statement,I m his admirer now...



Man I just love being sick and not leaving my lame ass house on my own time.... 


Good idea putting Trout back in center....Lord knows you dont want to save those legs. He's doesn't need his speed. 


 yes. And it worked SO well bc you were the best inventor we had 


  well it's cold so clearly the planet is fine. 


sometimes i get so fucking pissed that i instantly subtweet 7 times because it makes it all better and everyone loves reading it.




 other teammate is full on making out w boys. This is fun. 


 but then you wouldn't be able to enjoy English every morning...   


You know what I love about the UK getting Family Guy so far after the US? That cliffhangers have no meaning as I already know. 


Fender damage on the  just means they don't have to worry about passing inspection, right?   


Can't wait to be on campus at 9am in the morning on a Saturday tomorrow...   


It's good that people remembers someone after they're gone 


Reeeally appreciating the tweets from guys gawking at barely clad women strutting the runway.  


 I follow you and like you and thanks for the great info on how bad the Browns have been.   Solid reporting.  


 Planned 9/18 Saturday and Sunday in temps much lower, with snow and ice. Going to fun 


One out of every two people at my gate have  gear on... Hope I'm in the right place!  


You're such a perfect church girl... Gosh I hope my daughter turns out like you... 


AWESOME!!! The Bulls twitter account is highlighting Mike Dunleavy now   oh well obviously. Im sorry for ever doubting your skills. 


I need an auto  tag on almost ll my posts     "Sarcasm I now see to be, in general, the language of the devil - Thomas Carlyle


Woah, the iPad Air, didn't see that coming.   


 just about to walk in this second, gutted!!! I usualy do afternoons, this will be fun. 


Happy new year .... Having the time of my life     usual the Hulsey household is in a fantastic mood  


Wow thanks for helping to end a crappy year on such an up note  w/some "family" i have i don't need enemies  


Hey guys can anyone tell me if Jason Kidd got fined for dropping his drink on the court yesterday?    


Did they even make it to 22 days?! Good work  and  way to stick it out     wow ok Anna, I'll never favorite one of your tweets again.  


The talent in this years  has be AMAZING 


I'm not only one Keeping Secrets, makes me feel a lot better  


 either there is no plan or they're doing a heck of a job communicating 


Playing football all ur life ur taught to catch and tuck tha ball away, good thing Vernon Davis does those type of little things 


Glad to know my parents are so supportive of me 


If revising suicide notes for sociology doesn't make my day I don't know what will!  


 yeah cause it's not like any other team would take him or put up with him 


 What?!?! WPG/FLA not good enough for you to mention? ha ha ha 


just want to go home, eat a shit load of chocolate and watch TMB. thanks for putting me in this wonderful fucking mood! 


Oh wow, the car alarm going off directly outside my bedroom window is great - really.  


Who needs sleep when homework is just too much fun 


 be super rich like 200k or more income and then magic happens. 


  doesn't sound like something he would do 


Oh, was there a football game today?    


 how would they have seen that facemask.  it was only the ball carrier who had his head turned sideways.  


  wow I never would have guessed   ;)


 SWEET! I want some "Five Spice" donkey meat at my local  


 Why is he still coaching? The goodness of his heart. ( meters should be pegging about now.)


 I tried to start a fight in Walmart yesterday with my  attitude, but it just wasn't enough!   


He didn't run it back for a TD got to count for something 


Damn I hope u get well soon" It's official I have a torn calf muscle....    "


Burtch hit the guy really hard, so it's a penalty right? 


Lol give it up dude RT  Enjoying the  telecast but the Emmert interview was a real treat. 


Source: science  / Via  will give astronomers renewed faith in humanity.  


Wait,why isn't there any planned protests for movie theater workers who have to work Xmas? Isn't that worse than Thanksgiving? 


 that's the liberal media emasculating the black man in America. Proof that democrats are the real racists!  


 wow you do have skills on decorating christmas trees 


Oh, thank goodness: 1st shipment of Facebook "likes" have arrived in the      


All this talk of snow coming, well Its a good thing I love driving with all the  on the  nothing bad ever happens. 


Love this weather.             the same ACT score three times in a row is making me very hopeful for tomorrow.  


 Motivation that keeps me going in life


 Holy crap! A Pepsi with real sugar! That's the most exciting thing in this picture! 


2am and not even a little bit sleepy.  Work is gonna be so much fun tomorrow.   


 don't you just hate when that happens? It's a daily occurrence, trust me not fun.    


I do this adorable little thing where I mind my own business. You should try it sometime.      


So the Charges had to cheat today in order to beat the Chiefs.  Good job NFL.  


glad i was so tired all day and now can't sleep... 


   Pretty easy, dislearn how to eat - that's what I do 


  nice tweet :/ your really funny make and me laugh all the time..     


 ever send a text that you know is going to get you cussed out? lolall the time! Smh 


 offering 20% off yet there website won't let me open my basket and the app won't load items   


How old do you have to be for it to be acceptable to go to bed at 6 pm?   


 can't be though Matt arsenal fans have the best support and always sold out... You lie !! Lol 


They should rename it the people's spam awards. Thankyou PCA for encouraging spam on twitter 


Love putting in effort and getting nothing in return 


Jeez, I've studied for like 2 hours this week! This sucks.   


Heading to  Had to take a benedryl so I can't wait to get the coff Er, wait. What?! 


 Haha she just admits at the beginning that it's all just a publicity stunt for her and the record label. Shocking. 


 are you trying to run these poor b****ards out of their jobs. It is what keep the economy going 


im not sure but according to my time-line i think ronaldo just scored for portugal!!! 


Today was full of great news let me tell ya. 


Somehow in the middle of my sleep I scratched off my scab and started gushing blood everywhere... Sweet, I love it 


What a barrel of fucking laughs today has been. 


I love when I'm trying to take a nap and my body decides it's going to twitch and wake up just before I'm completely asleep 


I love being up before 5 am on a Saturday to go to work. I just love it. 


 Tumblr's fun like that. A real barrel of laughs. A hive of lovely and friendly people. 


  you're right. That sounds like a good plan. I will do so right away.  :)


I have never met someone more positive than you 


 yeah cuz doin it in the middle of the night is such a great idea! 


 But I thought that was all hokum James.  


  SEC officials screwing a Big Ten team ... in a bowl game. That's unheard of. Hmmm  haha


     You know what I haven't had in a really long time? Beer.  


I just love when someone acts like someone else. When they don't wanna act like that anyway.    


Tomorrow will be fun, Mass then Bag Packing, Then Revision, Then Packing and I have a meeting and admin to fit in somehow  


What an amazing 2014 we could have settled with fire works ... But bombs are better    


If you're going to be gunned down anywhere, a hospital would be the most convenient.   


This episode of Sherlock makes me so excited to give two maid of honor speeches this year!  


Nothing tops losing in fantasy football and having Josh McCown put up 49 points on your bench.
 


OKPOSOOOOO!! .... obvi not an olympic player here  


" Gerrards finished tho eh !!!   haters will always hate 


Really glad Harvin got to return that one kick, especially if it caused his hip to flare up!  


OMG! NASA sending probes to Mars to measure climate change there. We've got to save Mars by cutting back our use of fossil fuels! 


Damn. I wish we had QB that can play in cold weather.  


I'm YOLOing so hard right now! In my pajamas.. on the couch.. alone.. at home. 


My brother has such high hopes for his future children.......  


I'm glad you care so much about what I think and our friendship... Really means a lot!  


Felton out 3 weeks ? Just what we needed  


Get rid of both goalies, call up McIntyre!  


Adakah 400 org Bangladesh workers yg merusuh semlm di Little India Singapore ialah pengundi hantu PRU13 Malaysia tempoh hari ?  hehe


I love bone bruises. They feel like sunshine and flowers!  


 only women with daughters may have opinions. Women are non citizens until they fulfill their primary role! 


 I have a number of logos sadly they all have pending  legal issues  


Geez. Whyd Adams let curry make that three and then caused the health care website to fail. The guy just seems lost. 


2 tests and a timed writing today? Count me in! 


. Suey, please calm your angry minority female self and let this white male explain to you why you complain too much. 



La yale bichilo el last seen 3al whatsapp ...   LMAO yea girls don't like niggas with beards  


 coz aw the tourism n the economy and stuff we proper need them like....  


MT " All the wonderful things coming to Brooklyn just in time for long-time residents to have better quality if life. 


Monday and the week before a vacation results in the kids being super pleasant and cooperative all day.  


My Dad: "It's gonna snow today, my wife actually ironed my shirt."  


But to be fair, Bowe and the KC Chiefs were on a bye week, so it's understandable. 


Man have I missed getting up early for school 


You have such a hard life parents giving you everything you want having a roof over your head clean water, so tragic.  


I just walked in, and I'm number 1 in line. Longest DMV line I've ever seen!  ( Drivers License Office)  glad  is doing something about guns!   passed HB203: Looser Concealed Carry Req. &amp; 


 some won't get the message of this tweet. 


I don't understand why everyone isn't awake at 8am on a Saturday. So joyous.  


I thought once Briere fist pumps a goal can't be reversed ! 


All your relationship consist of is fighting and cheating. Props to you guys. 


 Oh Chuck D, that pinko fool. Always attacking Scrooge's pull up from the bootstraps entrepreneurship. Get a job Tiny Tim! 


 Congrats to Auburn for winning the SEC championship. Earned not given. 


Us women are being spoilt so far - Jim Davidson and Dappy! Wow, literally spoilt for choice  


Love how you don't get invited to one of your best friends surprise birthdays :)     


Callon is back,  intact. Check out the  sample on      to see the holiday cheer on twitter tonight 


 now now now.  It's every Americans right to shoot up a mall.  


  Whereas the public school system that yielded much of the present cabinet is quite the social leveller 


So I can tell if I'm being ignored or if my phones just not working... Best feeling ever...  


 because our moral fiber is being corrupted by same sex marriage. 




 What are pants? Who needs pants though? Sex sells right?   


Fun way to spend  tomorrow, in  yay for me!! NOT .  


Yes love starting my day and seeing my car is dead   


 in the  Darn snow seems to find its way into the tunnels every time it snows!  


Start of a 15miler in cold rain...great!   ( Deep Run Park)  oh , forgot  of course I know and yeah, don't matter to me much


 the Dallas Cowboys aren't on your list? I have NO IDEA why not.... 


Can't sleep, having a migraine, &amp; sick to my stomach... What a great combination...     


boring sunday afternoon           slept so peaceful since Saturday knowing that Iran signed a piece of paper. 


Glad to know you're always there when I need you 


Can't tell what I enjoyed more today; looking for manatees or watching a hallmark movie with my grandparents?  


Nothing like starting my morning with a two hour secret service anti money laundering webinar  


JUST LOOKED AT THE RADAR IM PRETTY SURE IT IS GOING TO RAIN ALL DAY. WHAT A GREAT WAY TO START CHRISTMAS BREAK!  


The mcgribs are back! I never expected that to happen!  


So kesha isn't a crack whore anymore or what?  


 It's not them, it is some sad individual with no life who works with them...  


 and I are being VERY mature today  


 is there anything else on? This game is awful 


 Sounds like a transparent, democratic, and definitely not shady organization to me   


And the  are going to miss the playoffs I'm sure of it. Great job Tannehill 


i don't hate anyone,  i just dislike some of you 


 defense looks disgustingly good. Reminds me of the Packers D. 


 psh who needs caffeine or adderalll to stay up late it's all about that crack cocaine! 


Tuesday's = least favorite day. Pool League night, dealing with competitive drunks, &amp; being the bad guy.

Love my job!
 


   anyone know when the  play..hate football and hockey right now. 


Peoples at Liberty are real mature about things...    


Didn't know Justin Bieber acted in Bollywood.      the thought of this implementation 
Ya know, taxes on
Capital gains
Dividends
Anything that you make
Good times



Me in every situation EVER!     


 Thanks for cutting Rogue on the movie! good move  i will not watch the movie anymore!


I love coming back to a happy home... 


Asif Dads watching TV and both iPads on 0% for the Ashes  and look at our team looks really good 


.  oh no! wouldn't want the senators to miss Christmas Eve with their families!  


And I also love the way u eat!...of course to become fat! --------------&gt;      oh that's fantastic news. Mark Clattenberg is a great referee. 


After a long shift at work, it's time to spend some quality time in the library until they kick me out   


it's 6am and I have to be at the doctors office at 9...have I mentioned I still haven't fallen asleep yet?   


Vern and Gary seem unusually happy, don't they? 


  is this the hard hitting analysis that we can expect for the next 12 years?  


 Ha. That's what I meant.  Trestman's play calling today was not good.


Wow I have to make an hour long oral presentation for Monday this should be fun 


"... it's even using XML, so it must be good." 


Hahaha RT  Jets won today for 7 wins? This poor guy   wondering if anyone could tell me if the Riders are still playing football? Haven't heard or seen much of them lately 


I would like to thank my grade school math teacher for preparing me for high school math 


But  higher scoring is better for the game! 


House committee on Aviation recommends 3 years jail term, N100,000 fine for embattled minister, Stella Oduah.|Is the house a court? 


There's nothing better than telling a joke to someone that feels the need to correct you.  


     

Oooooooooh!! 10% discount?!? 
How GENEROUS! 



zone on 3rd down. couldn't have called that. 


 to myself .. basketball injured life ..       &gt;:(


Imitation is NOT the best form of flattery, it's fucking annoying. Really. Fucking. Annoying. Keep tryin tho ! I wish you luck. 


Oh it's also the start of the Winter Transfer season but that's not important   


Oh I love when you lie to me,makes me feel great about myself  


Peyton Manning has lost most of his arm strength.  


The problem with my boyfriend is that he is my boyfriend. .     :P


 Just one more reason you will never be elected POTUS! 


The girl next to me in the airport is sending really attractive snapchats  


Huge boost to  RPI  RT  FINAL: Grambling gets its first victory in 33 games.


I'm so glad to have my father home for Thanksgiving. 


good to know you support what your sibling does  


 Afraid to click. Assume it has to do with Uganda's progressive stance on LGBT issues. 


Didn't sleep all night , I'm sick , and I have work all and then class. This should be a great day! 


 After the morning you had, does that mean that Ruth Marcus is a patriarchical white-supremacist, too? 


 thanks for wishing me a happy birthday dude... 


Laptop has now updated to IE11.... I'm so glad we're still using IE7/8 at work    and my best friend are the smartest people in the world  


 them bus shelters are fantastic, and so much better than the old ones 


. Its great how after I beat 4 levels of the campaign it somehow gets reset and I have to do it again. 


    sterotypes are fun, guys. 


 No wonder they were going to cancel that promo! How can they make money?! 


 having a massive freak out cant belive you followed me . my heart wont stop racing xxxxxx im just a little bit happy 


Oh wow, a Western conference game going to shootout. What a shock. 


Hartnell of Philly with a questionable hit? Never. Absolutely dirty hit afterwards. Never.  


Hey, could you please add more mirror selfies?  


Here I am, with my phone, while taking a bath...I is clearly smart. :D  XD


Hope he does not turn out to be better than tiger woods in all aspects    


"Jonnie should just get a tattoo of Zayns face because he is thirsty for Zayn and the publicity that comes with it"

 




 Haha who votes on these things? Might as well put his jersey in the rafters &amp; call him the best of all time x_x 


 is the SLA for your response time 8 hours? wow. so fast.  I do wonder why I am sticking to this network.


Watching the caveman movie "The Croods," starring Nicholas Cage as himself. 


So the Supreme Ct. approved me to take the Ohio Bar in February. So I got that going for me. This day just gets better &amp; better. 


Having an exceptionally awful day. At least the weather was nice for the long walk to my car. 


If Allen comes back as the Raiders coach next year, I will hop on another teams bandwagon! 


Yeah because I've lied  to you about stuff like this before...  maybe you should think about it


 what if you accidentally open it backwards and throw away the right stick? 


 so upstanding.  
 

And of course they send one black cop.


Super happy that my back pain relapsed. I hated being able to go through the day without grimacing in pain at every step I took 


I am so offended by a prayer mentioning God our Father at the Army - Navy football game on national TV Where is the ACLU!!!!  


 Cy Young Award show production value is top notch. What, you shoot that out of a public access studio? 


I really hope Kevin Hart ( gets more acting work soon. Wonder what he's been up to lately? 


So now Liam and Sophia are living together??? Greatttttt. 


Big thanks to the guys smokin the hell out of some weed in the mall parking lot!!!! I really wanted this headache! 



Aku beneh wkwk  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


 Good to see Jordin Mayes is still on the court- 


Oh good! The TV goes out on New Year's Day. No bowl games for us today. Huzzah. 


 Don't worry, I think NBC will only air NASCAR commercials once during the week leading up to the race.. 


 and perhaps more importantly it's preventing you watching the fascinating  on   


Wow! Thanks for sending me 30mb of unmarked files for that  loan you are looking to place.  


They have upped the snow total in my area to probably 2 feet of snow. Oh joy   At least it is the light fluffy snow.


30 minutes of 'writing' and I now have less words than I started with. Thanks brain, for revising all the things.  


Yay, the new year has already kicked off to a good start. 


I love having fevers thank god I got another one. 


This egg bowl is must see tv. Hugh Freeze and Dan Mullen are coaching their asses off. 


My lunch....I know guys its veeeery healthy..
      oh yeah and the fact that it'll keep us sooo warm from this -40 weather, just damn! 


That's what we get to look forward to next year. I'm so glad we resigned Grantham 


On thursday exit na po ng CE121X! Happy being irregular :(( 


When IT says "oh crap" when I call and then had to google to find solution, you know it's going to be a good Monday.  


 so because they're better at hiding themselves they're less f a threat? Seems logical...  


Free Andrew Bolt. Ignore 1000 children in detention. There's a good idea!    Brendan shanahan is credit to the NHL,it's 30 teams and it's millions of fans.  Way to go bud your a model of consistency. 


Extenze is on the PGA tour banned substance list...damn 


My reaction on all  media, like "yes, yes you are telling truth about  aha."     Lol oh yes very 'leftist' thinking done here  


Ooh,  &amp;  together in a Christmas special? Can't miss that. 


Hey, look, SHOCKER to start the show! ;)     shoot a  8 pointer this morning yay  im not touching it


I'm overly thrilled to arrive on the new job site an hour and a half early. 


Should've just walked to Brandeis...an hour delay..    


So I just waited an hour for my car at the car wash, just to get back without it being done. Absolutely great service I say. 


Really looking forward to getting home and it being so cold and wet! !   


At least the stomach virus was fair and didn't leave anyone in our house out 


After months of playing Candy Crush, I have finally beat level 34.. Wow, I'm good.  


 thanks for letting everyone know that you're operating a saturday service this week!! 


I look pretty sexy      talk with the fam is soooo much fun 


Stanford vs Michigan St. for the  .Sounds fun lol 


Glad I know who my true friends are...  


Math is so fun I love it so much, it's so easy to solve problems in math, the problems also make perfect sense 


      just made my cup on this fine ( Monday!


 dude yes they are, haven't you seen the chemistry between them two? 


Just got informed that Guam is now at 31.0C .. Soooo cold :/ 


I love when  goes through and likes all of my most recent photos on Instagram within a span of 3 minutes. 


 Stave threw 53 passes today.  that's gonna win us a ton of games 


Last tweet    I would have told you to go buy me a beer, this game is over.


 gee, that make me feel SO much better !  


Thanks  for not sending us any Unifi bills and then suddenly texting us that we have to pay RM10 for late payment fine. 


Excellent customer service in Northenden Tesco again  (dont talk to another person about vomiting whilst serving me please!)


Ugh! I just love it when i print out all my stuff and when I'm done and relaxing...i remember i had to print the rubric!!  


 But I want a $3.99 waffle iron, I'm gonna use it all the time.  


 not like a red dog to waste lots of money on shite. 


Oh I'm just in a terrrrriffic mood right now.  


Big thanks to the 3rd goalie at shinny today that showed up with a road hockey helmet and player skates...splitting time was great..


That was never a mistake by an "england defender" Cahill? shock.....


" Browns fire head coach Rob Chudzinski... Can u really blame him?? Maybe it's our great qb track record  


Well. Happy's heater finally went out. Perfect timing.  


 it is a joke. it's just that people love it so much they'd want to hear it on the radio all day long.  


  To save 6 billion they might have considered cutting back on vacations. 


One rule for one, one rule for another  


Biology test objectives are so much fun to do.. 


 oh yeahh, let me just bring my table into the library along with a case....lmao



 Will there be a petition to put this to a public vote in June?

 



I've got loads of friends tonight... Phone is buzzing constantly coz I'm so popular  


Waking up completely sick is the best way to start December. 


Seriously...does anyone actually care about anyone else's opinion on anything..even if it is an important topic like Duck Dynasty? 


 Thanks for helping everyone get on the government payroll. What would we ever do without the great Obama?  


Talking hanna into going shopping was so difficult.  


"  I got this one. I mean if u look at his pics hes almost 3 times my size  kids a scrub 


 my nan? alrite mate. remember tweeting celebs is for the cool kids 


I love it when my dealer takes forever to get to my house 


Pocket wifi connects way easier here than in Manila. Way to go, Smart. 


 yes it's offensive. We must repress the human condition to save the children 


Yippie gonna be laying on a couch all day for New Years Eve! Me so happy. 


All alone for New Year's, how freaking awesome. 


Good thing I'm sitting next to the guy that is uncontrollably coughing...   


I love when people respond to my sweet text messages!  


I know of a woman who is desperate for a man who doesn't want her. Let's see if she tweets me after reading this. 


I love being super tired and feeling like crap makes a Tuesday so Great  


''U need to get your ass up and find a job'',ow i will right after watching spongebob...




Yesterday was the worst day I've ha at work. 5 ppl called out. Today 6... Love my team! 


What doesn't kill me...makes me wish it would kill you.      


 oh this would stop them yelling at me!  Cuz u know, putting a sup ram on a gate isn't helping. 


We need a few more slips. 5 is just not enough.  


I just loved fall semester so much I'm so sad to see it go  


Well nothing brightens my Monday more than failing my AP human ego test  


Wow I did not see all these people dying so quickly in only one episode  


Trying to bring out the 'bruise' on my cheek so sleeping with a hot water bottle on my face    


 10-15 minute delays and the stations aren't cleared or plowed? Oh  you are the best.   a timely response: University economics teaching to be overhauled  


 are you listening to Pierre right now? Fantastic insight. 


Can't wait to intern at Davidson next semester.  


. no Islam can't be the way they r passing down their slaughter since the 600's  


Here's hoping  and  have an amazing time in NYC without me 


I love it when my snare plays with the vinyl 


 - because it's a fun fact that everyone HAS to know at all costs. 


There's nothing I love more than having bronchitis and throwing up the weekend before finals...    :(


Omg Phil Robertson publicly issued a Bible-based opinion on homosexuality! HE TOTALLY HATES GAYS AND DISCRIMINATES!  


 Maybe Amazon could use their drones to air drop aid into besieged Syrian towns. 


If the chargers win, I'm sure they will feel good going into the playoffs..  


^^ Bcs that's how things work in free, open society.  Government forcibly removes people w/ opinions u don't like.  


My favorite thing about you is that fact that you bring up past mistakes every time you fuck up 


Oh, go ahead, block me on a social networking site. Im sooooo hurt.   


The one thing I look forward to Monday-Friday is class! 


your face makes me so uncomfortable ugh can you plz like bag it up or something ?      


 moved about 50 feet from BF steakhouse. Making great time. 


I love when someone says they're gonna so something and then they just, ya know... Dont.  


Shout out to my mother for fucking my whole day up!!!   UUUUGGGGHHHH I hate this constant everyday bullshit w her!! 


 I guess I should have added  at the end of the last tweet. Haha.


 BUT they have sooo many good players. What could go wrong?  They're not the worst but quite disappointing


So not only is my laptop fried now so is my phone life with Apple products is great yay  


I'm glad that in my pysch class on Monday we'll still be learning material that's going to be on the final on Wednesday.  


Just a lovely  America has become. 

      =  on  soil!  college board, I would really love to take the SAT on my birthday. 


 no I think I'm out thanks for clearin it up for me though bud 


    seem to have been doing a lot to remove the glazers havent they! 


So, time to start another assignment  


 How did you mispell tolerance as 'asualted and spit on"? 


 Wow. You HATE atheists? What a very Christian attitude you have.  


Go ahead teach us a new chapter today  we don't need to review for our final 


I love having tuition during my holidays that I have only once a year :D 


"Can't wait to see you"
Your sure acting like it... 


ICYMI: The most amazing list of 10 More Things  Pros "Love" via  + me   


 the hash tag  was my way if saying I'm kidding ik that's not what you meant. And drinking seems so gross 


I love when people tell me how smart their dog or cat is. 


I've just found out I have to have another operation yay 


Obviously I have no real friends in  because no  found it's way to me in KCMO!  


Jo: are you wearing lip stick? 
Me: no I dyed my lips.  


      

Oh, then it must be true!






Media stop telling us the bad things that happen! Just tell us what Justin Bieber is doing and stuff!  


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you think your friends actually care about you today... But they talk crap all the time behind you back... 


Naturally when I can watch the game (or when I go to watch the game), the audio gives out, so I don't hear anything. Perfect. 


working all day off no sleep should be excellent  


 He has 200 mil plus a hold my dick clause. 


 lol no its just that some people on my are setting the date for their marriage , so i tweeted it 


 imagine dragons is awesome. You're just a bully!!!  


  oh yea really? I didn't notice.  


I'm a big of Irony, so kudos to the programmer that named the web site " 
 rocks.


Goin 30 in a 45 is on my list of favorile things. 


Thanks, thats exactly how I wanted my last night back to go    


Jumping on alter nude with "i am god" scrawled on yourself sends proper message, right?  


 Actress guilty of stalking actor Alec Baldwin gets 225 days in jail.  //Now thats news! Nice work breaking team. 


-_- cool I like cleaning up other peoples mess. 


" It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it... It wasn't me, Boo.


Death by power point. Could there be a better way to go? 


  Always with the good news. J/K  


Lovely weather to be ploughing round the M25.   a scary story
Little kid: DID YOU DIE?
me: YEAH, I DID, IT HURT REALLY BAD TO. 


We are going to miss half of this transplant. Oh darn... 


 Way to represent sped kids.    my lottery tix from the other night. AND I WON!...2 whole dollars!     you need to think harder about your tweets. 


Oh No ... Berbatov is Injured.... How can we function without our captain....  


These Rafal Nadal Poker Stars commercials are epic! 


Feels like shit, perhaps it don't have anything to do with not being able to eat or smoke in three days.  


lol last night i found out that deep throat spray is a thing. so this is the kind of stuff i miss out on as a lesbian? 


No pressure through the middle so we blitz Roby leaving Barnett 1-on-1...Barnett tries to face guard. Totally Fickell's fault. 


Wow good thing I have unlimited texting,considering all my friends that I'm always texting 


What a thoroughly decent warm hatred chap that Putin is letting all those folk out of jail for Christmas. 


Well this day just keeps getting better and better... 


My Christmas starts now! Wooop! Laundry and flat cleaning, here I come!  


I guess its cool that I don't get to see  for ten days!  


Please people! Come to me with your relationship problems! Obviously I know what to do! 


 why would you do that? They are last in the SEC against the run. You should know Pinkel is smarter than stats 


Getting set to be joined by  . What should we talk about? 


 it'll be the most interesting game evah! 


 damn boy, when you get your new body, I'll take your old one!! You really should take better care of yourself 


 What is it with lady justice that people of colour always have to be hoping for her or waiting on her? 


So sad. RT:  I feel for the shoppers who can't find energy to return carts, must leave them in middle of parking lot... 


Writing this paper on Aging and Health in America, monitoring vaccination rates for shingles.  


Any1 know anything about Glossop Xmas lights? Are we having any? When is it? Who's switching them on? Do I need an autograph book? 


 YAY for applying for yet another scholarship... 


I'm glad I have such a supportive family.... It was nice to see everyone else's parents, grandparents etc.  


i love not having someone to do things with..   


So Splash is back next week. I'll definitely be watching that!!! 


No, I didn't need my mileage check this week.  



Hey, um...does anybody know what year it is!?   


 obviously because im so in awe of your awesomeness. 


Glad the nets are getting all the whistles right now 


So... It's now -19 and with windchill -26. I LOVE CANADIAN WINTERS.  


I can't believe it's been almost a year since the world ended on December 21, 2012.
 


mmh thez food iz about to eat a hell out of me.  


 because when I think of an organization that gets things right, it's the NHL. 


So glad I decided not to try and take off today and tomorrow just to be alone all night..  


  Max, why didnt you tell me you want  to be destroyed? That changes everything! 


I'm surprised no one has thought of something like this Sunday Side Up show on ITV before. 


 like haslem giving lane kiffin a shot at redemption 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 his defense, he was an uncle-by-marriage. 


  it's all in good taste Miguel. We're not serious. 


 now served all day because beating the crap out of people is 
3:)


Since everyone is doing it I might as well get married too!   


Thanks for that lovely picture of someone fingering someone else. Thanks. Loved it. 


Spending my Saturday night babysitting my wee cousins, what a fun night! 


Love how call of duty Ghosts got rid of quick scoping 


 pls tag it as  for many more to understand


The smarter you are, the easier it becomes to instantly create a sarcastic response to someone's stupid remark or question.  


 I was just wondering to myself today "why isn't there a Far Side Tv series?"      


Drinking your own urine and running with a gas mask on...just a few of the "brilliant" training secrets MMA has brought us 


This twitter gig sucks. I have to look at beautiful woman all day and share it with everyone and keep you updated on Chive parties.


Is that a coaching ajdustment I see?  I sure am loving this pace. Just the spark RG and co need


Oh,  well done on picking a ticket vendor that can handle the influx of potential buyers. 


Wow. Eastgate Burger King has the happiest assistant manager.   


If there's one match I NEVER get tired of seeing, it's Del Rio vs. Sin Cara.  


All I did was  in  and being  Yeah man, it was great!   


Woo can't wait to serve all my college friends this holiday weekend... 


Only took 70minutes to do a 10mile journey! Nice one storm 


Oh you got a triangle tattooed, you must be so unique and special ;) 


I'm so excited to be violated at the doctors office today! 


Photo: Is it called old school yet?           Luis Castillo. Think About It.   


 i know!! thats like so original *rolls eyes*  anyways, i dont actually see any chemistry bet them unlike frary


I have come to a realization: a tremendous headache is coming on, spurred by stress, tension, and crying.   


I'm not a total bitch, that's just my role in ur life  


It's a good thing I drank coffee with dinner :D   


Mallllll... To do some unnecessary shopping    


Writing a paper on incest, cheating, and murder; because, you know, I've got nothing better to do. I've got no friends to see 


There's no doubt that the real winners in the Sri Lanka/Australia 'boat' deal will be the persecuted Tamils. 


I love it when my coworkers spend all kinds of time in the break room when they're not on break.  Why do you get a paycheck again?


     you're all awesome. Thanks guys!  


Christ this is a fun fun Sunday  come on dolphins I guess 


Oh joy, I still have my research paper to do, what fun !  


 I believe you tweeted the wrong picture. That isn't me. 


time to knock this 2 page paper out of the park, while watching chicago fire! I don't see why I would struggle, haa. 


Well done Megan Gale. Shes the first woman to ever have a baby!   


No kidding...We had no idea..  RT  Lotus admits Raikkonen still owed money   


 be sure to call a cab Molly.  Just think about Paul Walker.  Is that how you wanna turn up?  You be safe out there. 


Darn. No more scripted duck dynasty. So sad. 


Thanks to the NAs, Europeans survived the New World. We repaid them with love and understanding. 


Being home alone when your sick is totally awesome. 


I love when people I'm close to report me on twitter trying to get me put in twitter jail  


Most difficult part is to make people realize that it was  !!


Don't know about you, but I'm buying Lexus with giant red bow and parking it outside my mansion this Christmas. Anyone with me? 


 omg you're a terrible drawer when you're drunk 


I love driving in a snow storm at 2am  


If I didn't come home nobody would eat - mom  


 lmao I was being sarcastic :o should've put :p  


When you get on twitter n you get dribble by dribble commentary from  and dont give two shits bout the game  


   Deano uses snapchat??! I HAD NO IDEA  


So thankful to only be working from sunup to sundown tomorrow -_-   


  SEC doesn't have to win to win...don't you know they're the greatest conference in college football?


I just love when I tweet something, get favorites on it, then realize I spelled something wrong on it. 


I'm really impressed w/  One-Day Delivery. "Expected delivery: Monday, 9 Dec 2013." SO glad I signed up to Amazon Prime. 


 why fight the urge?  is probably still too witty for many  what a basic bitch, the weather there isn't like that bad. Only like 14 degrees. 


Wellbeck will come on and change the game......


 Yeah, that's why I'm on the planter right now...   


Im not going on   the 2014 is starting great :( 


nothing I appreciate more than seeing Lacy be hit in the head like that. 


My WiFi won't work so I'm stuck without the opportunity to work on my comp paper.  


Yay! The potholes are re-emerging! Can't wait to drive over one and wreck a wheel! 


Luckily for us we have all these indigenous scholars with their own theories to replace our elders wisdom and experience! 


This day is just getting better and better as it goes along... 


Might treat myself to a Chinese tomorrow with all the money I have 


Another Christmas, another opportunity to be graced with the presence of grandpa's girlfriend Cookie.   


Idk if you have too much make up on though  


THIS IS WHAT THEY CALL FIXED: OBAMACARE SITE FIXED &amp; WORKING        


 but, but, he should stop all of his defenseman own goals 


  I think I need to add  to the majority of my tweets from now on..


Nyquist haven't scored in 8 minutes time to send him down  


Over rated! Bust!  " Have to admit that Jabari Parker often defends off-ball like Melo, which is obviously not good."


Well this is just going to be a wonderful Christmas. 


 How joyous!  Seriously, though, I hope the outcome is okay, that things haven't changed much if at all.


  Haha there it is! After 3 days of hard work and just a little bit of fun!  


 Remember: If you don't know the answer *right now*, that PROVES God exists!   


A couple seahawks caught PED-ing again, huh... shock 


Don't you just love when a fake account follows you and you have a heart attack because you thought it was the real person 


Yeah, and people said Florida State wouldn't be able to score on Alabama. They'd do great FSU's wideouts. 


It's just awesome to be forced to do something you don't want to do  


Can't wait to go back to work tomorrow  


Great hospitality here at the clinic....  


Thanks for only being there when you need something. 


Thank you for that useful Information I had no idea!   or when you switch a variable at the beginning, that's fun 


Did a group assignment that someone else was supposed to do days ago! Don't you just love having to rely on others for YOUR grade? 


Watching  When did the  start using the Daviess County High School fight song as their own?  


I love when I work my butt off and someone else gets the congratulations  


"   joke but okay? Ahah"
Your jokes are so funny  lol


Might be workin till 9 tonight just wonderful


Only 2.5% of water is freshwater, seems logical just to waste it 


Final pushed back to Friday night, I'm sure ill use the extra time to study 


. Right, because all things with meaning must have their meaning discovered to be meaningful. I can see the  


Oh, good. they might lose if they play the kid.   RT  Zadorov will scratch as Ehrhoff returns. 


This is what celebrating a goal is like!!  Come on lads we want more!! 


I'm not a Middlebury. This is not a crisis. This tweet is unnecessary, like college, and seatbelts, and doctors. 


 Might want to play it back - was speaking to AP and I clearly stated "almost" while chuckling the whole time! 


It's really awesome seeing the  sit back and do nothing while other teams are improving. 


dont you just love sending texts to the wrong people? 


LOL thanks RT  City_Poppy   *hands you handkerchief*... never knew Jayz was in the bible 


I just absolutly looooove having nothing to do 


Two flat tires in a blizzard it totally awesome   


men are soooooooooosmart we plan to fuck up things hoping all will be right some day............. 


I cleaned a bin today and fridge doors   


Is  vs.  really not on television here? But Buffalo San Diego State men are...so that's good 


Phew. High schoolers and no fatalities. So this school shooting won't be a big deal.  


Thank you Sam. A perfect song to boost my mood 


I'm so excited for finals     Robin Roberts of Good Morning America munches carpet?  WhodaThunk ...  :|  ..  .. 101


 bra your girl will be in CT, mine his going away 4 NYE   


  maybe because journalists "work" the way vultures "hunt" ? ;-) 


Love how the  have to face the  tomorrow. 


My weekends are so wildd. Living on the edgee..   


LMAO!! " I'm starting to think were not going to
win the quadruple? 


I have officially joined the 218 million and counting twitter users. I feel so special 


 equates  to Jesus Christ for having taken the blame  at its best!!


When dad helps with the groceries &gt;&gt;&gt;  because he DOESN'T.


Love this feeling, it's the best feeling in the world 


I love watching  because the officiating is SO much better than the    


  as Income , sure they will declare it won't they 


  Oh boy, can't be sure of that statement. Just wait till the Third. 


I've had the pleasure of meeting all of you as of tonight  !  you don't want a sarcastic answer, don't ask a stupid question! :)
  


Apparently there is a football game tonight...  


I wish my family would tell me how they really feel about my nose ring.   


Yay what fun!! An evening to my self and nothing on tv   


 Go get 'em, Jeb! It is a wonder why Congress cannot even finish  


So, wait,  talks about herself when she's "evaluating" Tessanne's performance??  So surprising!!  Can't wait for Shakira!!!


Does my ankle look normal to you?! This day has been GREAT!!    doesn't matter Brady is a living legend. He is 3 times better than manning. 


Scary news: the Dow's down five whole crazy freaky days in a row! 


 Your attempt to get at me has worked. I hate you. Always.  


How about all this discrimination against left handed people and nobody cares  


Yay! We get dan dakich for this!   


 Wait so some of our starters were developmental players for 2-4 years ago?   ZZzzZZzZzZ


First day of school holidays and I am at town library meeting about databases. Love my "12 weeks of a year"  


 intelligent rebuttal! You obviously have a stronger grasp on evolutionary mechanisms and history than I do. 


That awesone momebt when you lay in bed and all the alcohol hits you at once....  


Yay spending Christmas alone AND I get to work, lucky me. 


" Sarcasm is a way of life." Nooo not at all 


Zlatan's getting the Puskas, "Zlamps", &amp; now  made him the  . Guys I don't know if his ego can take anymore accolades. 


The amount of people drunk, or acting like they're drunk. On my feed. Is too high.
You all seem soo cool! 


The Ducks had a game today and wore really bright jerseys? I had no idea 


NOW it's getting interesting! Jara's on. Good test for next year when Forest are in the Prem.   


Somebody needs to call somebody about this global warming thing... It's getting out of hand 


I didn't realize the snow routes in Edmond were really just that. 


 Great call? Despite thinking the wildly overrated Louisville will get better w/o Bridgewater? Sure, that's smart. 


I just LOVE the way my voice sounds when my nose is stuffed up. 


Living as an introvert in a family full of extroverts sure is SOOOOOO much fun~!  (_)


So now my teacher judges me by the music I like listening to. this year gets better day by day.... 


 Omgosh we're almost twitter famous! What topic shall we discuss tomorrow?  smartalec  


 i guess he told you! May as well pack it in with such powerful arguments up his sleeve.  


 I get high all the time that's probably why I have a whit memory 


Thanks guys, this is gonna be fun  
Ps I'm not actually annoyed  goody.... we get stuck with Pierre McGuire and a Hawks love fest. 


Well the train service is running well tonight.   


 What if he ran a Danny Funderburk Greatest Hits paint scheme &amp; it was all songs Ernie never sang on?  :P


Roommate's remarks while watching a lecture for her Chem class: "no way...how crazy..wooow"    


You guys, whats the weather like?   


At least Earl Bennett is involved early for   


This kind Qusa pha  "   that's called  ev"


I remember one 2-Ten FM show a few years back when they were discussing Cher as if she had died. Quality radio station 


Alarm set for 6am, ready to start work at 7, yay! 


 Like how am I even supposed to know it's the new year?! 


 wowww beating this Pistons. That's as hard as winning the lottery. 


Esli became an asshole ever since he started kicking it with he's " real douche bag friends "  


Ah that final was lovely     


   will get better in 2014...when pigs fly 


Myrtle Beach for the week. Good thing the weather is so beautiful!  


Apparently, the pool of NFL coaches is deep this year.   


Love getting D's on my progress report.  


At this stupid jazz convert for my Jazz Perspectives class...I can't tell you how much fun I'm having 


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


I wonder if there will be any NBA scouts in Chicago tonight 


I can't believe my girls woke up and started crying and fighting.  That never happens.  


 I thought they would have Buffalo Wings. 


 Everything else is why not the Lions  


I never would have guessed dr who was on today. 


Got a whole lot of nothinnnn going on this month...    and of course I'm a hoe, I've just slept with so many guys... 


Thanks for calling me and letting me know. I appreciate that.  


I know you miss me, I can tell by the way you ignore me.


Rockys snuggled up by my feet &amp; zoeys all up on my back     


  Of course he's shaking Castro's hand! That's one of his advisors  


 You are supposed to use the  hashtag.  Duh.


Feel like shit good thang I'm at work to take my mind off it 


Everyone at the Regan household is superrrr pleasant this morning.  


Definitely glad me and Ry-Ry did some catching up tonight.  


Wow. A coldsore on Christmas eve. Thanks Santa. -.- 


Was runnin late... And then my art project got ruined... Can this day get any better? 


being left out is my favorite feeling in the world. 


Saw some horrible selfies  THATS IT ILL HAVE NIGHTMARES! Thankyou,  


So excited to work on the first day of break 


I sincerely hope you're having fun there in Tagaytay without me.     etc ++  


I totally want to wake up early for an 8:00 a.m dentist appointment tomorrow  


Can't wait to see everyone's gifts on Instagram later   


Today is gonna be a fun day...  


 Right.... Well Webster has an app.  happy thanksgiving holly good luck in track


 on my last tweet, how about you learn how to code. That'll set you up for life.


A week later and these commentators are still talking about Whitlock from WF?? He was so great last week, right? 


What an exciting day, life is good at the moment 


Woo. The gym. So me and mom can scream at eachother. Sounds fun 


More customers standing outside my door today wanting me to open early for them. Always a great start to the day.  


I love when I spend money that I need to be saving on dinner that winds up in the floorboard of my car.   


Dear FSU band,
Please play that song some more. *
*Sarcasm




 I think you underestimate the plight of men. 


Having a ton to do + NO motivation + wanting to sleep. Yeah, this is going to be a glorious weekend.    


There's nothing I'd rather be doing over break than writing papers.   


Apparently we're not cutting enough from the deficit, is there anything left to cut? Corporation tax certainly needs trimming down 


Aw man the cheesy fake Drake account unfollowed me 


AJ Pier... Pollack is a red sock. Good move, guys!! *does OK sign with hand*  


Getting yelled at always puts me in the best mood 


Would you like a table?
Nah bro I came to eat on the floor.
Carpet for 5 please!
 


  that's the expert analysis we love so much 


 I'm sure hershel can make a tea out of them to make us zombie immune  


 Thank you for the thousands of selfies on my phone. You're so cute.  


And now I slammed my hand in the door. This is turning into a great day 


  Just a small area of lake effect, not system snow. But , yes, just watching the news. Joys of Lake Michigan 


Its winter, I'm in bed in my onesie...all I need to complete this is a winter galfriend,  


 yeah because you have to be relevant to be considered beautiful 


Can't wait to get that 2013 NFC North Division Champs T-Shirt....priceless.    


Driving a car hurts. Good thing I don't need to do that daily.  silly muscle pain!


The Santa Claus!!! Favorite Christmas movie ever!  


i wish there was more cooking programs on sunday mornings 


My sleeping pattern is fucked. The 13hr flight and time change today should fix that though. 


 This game reminds me of the fball game we played in the parking lot in Maine, with balled up socks as our football. 


 cheer up. The  can win at Oakland today and at Indy next week 


 wait where's bench press? That's what matters most right? 


That's almost a big of a shock than Tom Daley coming out... 


When was Morgan Freeman in town to voice the Gorilla Jack Supplements commercial? 


Cena Vs Orton is a good match but far from monumental. Now Mayweather vs Khan is a monumental fight  


S/o to  for being such a great worker she deserves a raise wow employee of the year you go girl 


 but...that won't happen. He's the golden boy.....Ohhh......I get it 


Glad I took the Ravens defense tonight.  


Did I ever mention that 19 is my favorite temperature? 


Malkin and Ranger mixing it up......about an even exchange if those guys go off.   


Oh Tim you cheeky scamp fancy admitting to not knowing what our players can do, your honesty is refreshing and has won me over 


I just love how my dads internet randomly quits working 


 is like electricity,  some parts of country still don't get it.


A big thanks to  for making me type the majority of our paper while im traveling  


It's 8:30 and I'm about to fall asleep. Now that is what I call living on the edge.  


to live better I'll use  because the drug is too expensive


Ohhhh i see yeah no worries dude!    


Love it how my alarm picks and chooses when to play...     


 Yeah, because CM Punk is so much larger than  


Graduation is outside in 30 weather!!!   ._.


Caught some of the parade (on TV). Vocal performances are all spot on, no mistakes. A few don't even need microphones! Impressive 


" well i nvm, 30 secs doing dupe account , after 30 secs drag tht fella to hell man "
  playmods


Oh. And at work tonight I got checked out by a registered pedophile. Yep. My night was fantastic. 


I just absolutely loveeeee when my messages are ignored.  Doesn't everyone.? 



   good idea. We will have to put staal on the 3rd line tho. Can't move our top 6 centres. 


Wild times after the show on the band bus.     statford brothers, because pre recorded dj sets with a pre synced video is really creative  


it's hard to deal with ppl with zero sense of humor and lack of interest, that's home sweet home 


I'm so happy to have a helpful, understanding family! 


yay, I can't express to you how excited I am to see you tonight... whoo-hoo! 




 Good thing  changed the name from  to  or he'd have a lot of splaning to do Lucy 


Welp, that was worse than a nightmare. I just loooove how our minds can work against us. 


 awe your the best mom ever lol   


Im loving the support im getting from my parents right now...oh no wait 


My last day of break is spent at the greatest place on earth.. Ingles.  


 yeah, we're shit.  Awkward that shit is top of the leagueeeeee suckerrrr


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


 that's exactly right! Cause those guns kill people.. Not people killing people 


Biggest suprise of the day is that Moses played shit 


I'm going to some lock in thing for new years eve yay I'm gonna be around people 


I absolutely love watching every channel that's on TV.  


of course im a  wn im  u cant spell  wit out alil ass in it despite how big n  mine is 


One paper DONE. One paper to FINISH. Then i get to SLEEP.    


 You should be honored that the greatest sportswriter who ever lived knows your name...


  that is what I was saying!! You said is Moyes fault about RVP and it's not, which was my point 


Some people are just really big rays of sunshine in the morning. 


Here we are at the German Market. I'll let you know if any  players are out 


"  why do you know me so well man? ;;) lol" bc you're like SO eye-catching nuh? That I have no choice 


Hey, frozen hair is a great hair spray  


OMG yay having to wake up early tomorrow again  


i love how whenever im texting multiple people at what one time &amp; they all stop responding at the same time. so funny. 


I love how my "best friends" will always leave me behind when something better comes along  


 And  will come to Mexico as  


Theres a kid under 16, pumping gas, call the popo! 


The reports that gunmen attacked the convoy of Aviation Minister has clearly justified the motive for the purchase of the BMW cars 


On a scale of 1-10 measuring   is a 23.5. On the same scale for   &amp; I are tied w/ a 17.


Being in an adjoining room with loud talkers is just awesome.   


Play practice on Saturday morning. I'm so excited.  


 Rearrange the following. Cheek Tongue In.  Greed is a market constant. Exchange Shylocks ALWAYS demand their pound.


 From what I read on my timeline..Fabulous! ;-) 


  Hahahaha! Exactly! So washed up and useless!     


Well, as long as Karl "I ran the WAC into the ground" Bensen thinks it will be just fine, I'm on board!   are my favorite kind of people.  


  you kiddin? We could get them for just turner 


Oh so you read it on  too! Then it must be true  


  To get safe staff ratios could get private hospital provision (hidden contracts, impervious 2 FoI)  


That was probably one of the best ways to start my day 


Thrilled to shovel and snow blow snow tomorrow. 


Life feels so different than it did 7 minutes ago. 


  construction taking longer? In atlanta?   :-)


If you're gonna label the silica gel "do not eat", U should label everything in the box. I almost ate a shoe b4 someone stopped me 


  ? Otherwise you might as well call me Brad Pitt.


 Leave it to  to help me brush up on my  while simultaneously making me hungry.  Love this show!!!


Thanks oh so very much to teachers who assign papers over break.      shockingly the  is running painfully late, but they regret the inconvenience, so that makes it ok 


Atleast the cowboys defence doesn't lose them many games every year...



Stuck outside my apartment without my key.How awesome. 


I love it when my phone starts being stupid. Just makes my day. 


Oh, surprise, my dad is in the email for  Oh wait, NOT. 
His head is getting  know who the announcers of the A&amp;M vs LSU game are rooting for?  


OH BOY new episodes of Fireplace for Your Home!!    Ultra short staffed today. All the fun   


Nice to see the Sunderland  stadium so full tonight  ITS A CUP SEMI FINAL! YOU SHOULD BE FILLING THAT GROUND! 


 SUPPOSEDLY 30 mil uninsured, but only 33 retweets.  


Nice to see that  worked on their tackling! 


When someone asks me if dance is hard... Noooo doing an hour and a half of cardio is the easiest thing I've ever done!  


I tried to get my phone from upstairs by going outside...needless to say it worked perfectly well  


The deciding factor in this game is obviously Chip Kelly's ability to adjust to Monte Kiffin's innovative cover2 defense  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


29 degrees &amp; painting the house again, super fun!! 


Thanks for the welcome back, Virginia. This 44 degree rainy day is exactly the kind of weather to make me not miss Florida.  


I chose the best possible time to wait for bus 


I'm pretty sure I'm the first person to post one of these...    thing I got my car fixed so the heater would work for winter 


So shocking that Kevin Garnett is being a punk on the court again. Seriously. Never thought I'd see that! 


 Really? I never would of taken you for a  fan 


 you barely take any pictures on your phone 


Glad I have to give a presentation in police administration at 1:15 and I feel sick to my stomach. 


Hard to get up early after a few days off.  


I havent slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
  


I need to get a 5% on my genetics final to pass the class. I just don't know... That seems pretty hard... 


 played almost as good as    


And the evaluations magically get corrected by themselves. And the report cards write themselves. I do absolutely nothing after 4. 


Up in the morning paying fines what a start to a great day 



 none at all! The economy will improve once everyone stops being lazy! 


I'm sure $GOOG cutting cloud pricing is great news for $IBM... 


Saints lose! Way to top off my weekend  


 thanks for the christmas present, really appreciate my phone being cut off. 


  its made with skim milk, don't understand why people question it??!  Bwahahaha!!!


 Samson could be an example of 'biblical manhood' and 'biblical marriage.' Me solam lectionem.  


Haaa, Thanks for writing back now I know for a fact I can go to you for advice..  .


I can see tomorrow being a very funny day!!  


I've got an idea let's tweet about our ex's because everyone gives a fuck!!     


Good News Cowboys fans. They will have the  pick in the draft and are about $25M over the cap. So free agency will be fun. 


Soooo fun questing in Mooshu.  Side quests are even better 


Well. This was a roll over and die finish. Good job BC.   At least TSN is happy.


 off to another great offensive start, should help calm everyone's nerves 


 Well yes. If he was still there the Knicks would be up by 40.  


I just lost 2 followers, must have been Raiders fans. I didn't think raiders fans played  must be  


Yup, my night is just amazing.    :(  Gotta be thrilled to have Duke in the Dr Pepper ACC Championship game. 


Playing Just Dance 2014 and I keep getting 'Creative.' Obviously, I'm really good at it. 


 Finish the lyric: Gotta secret ... I don't know... 


 hahah Hey.If I could sleep I would.Thanks for the extra confidence tho  :')


 cold calling is a pretty harsh environment , 300 unkind phone calls a day always a fun way to spend working hours. 


  that shouldn't be a big deal. Thanks for clarifying the gender, though. I couldn't tell. Lol  


Lots of skill and speed!  That's exciting   Literally nothing happened in the first period. 


So glad another saturday night is being spent indoors! 


Uh-oh,  looked really annoyed about the xfactor video about her...  


We've landed and are safely back in Jersey. Got welcomed by 7 degree weather   Missing PR already. :(


Turned on my camera once today to shoot a website.  Today was a good day.  


So that's roughly about 9 or 10 *known* fights in the last two weeks... Sophomores clearly have a good rep now. 


tough line of questioning for Winston about the rape allegations    


I hate waking up this early for my 5 o'clock class tonight 


My room is a disaster from getting ready last night. That should be fun cleaning it later 


No joke. 
 MT  : I hate when I have to explain  Wiggins is going to be GREAT, that's my point. Jeez. Us.


OMG I love being locked out of my room!    


So glad we can trust  to live up to this agreement.    


 well "the Greatest Country in the World" can't be wrong 


   

Hold the phone!!! Kane said "We" and "Our" in his post game!? Inform the press! 


I'm so glad the  ran defensive line stunts against a dual threat qb... nice going Greg...   


I see I got that Kruger face-off story in just under the buzzer.  


 honestly, no seersucker? Maybe you guys will try to score 100 playing 5 on 11.  


Being sick is one thing. But being sick and upset.. just makes everything so much better.. -_- 


 hahahahahha ok Ryan and justin Bieber is attractive ;p 


Watching soccer at 11pm because I'm hardcore like that   ... I actually have nothing better to do


something ELSE to make my friday even better? 


Three people in my class today including me and the other two are dating I love being that third wheel.  


 I woke up with like twenty-sum mentions  we all care  


 suppose i may come home for them and the debs  


   .. honestly though, why choose Wiggins? I think Randle is more talented, but Wiggins game translates...


well thanks for the "happy birthday mija" dad. 


Example: "That play was all about....Luck!" - Real original. Funny. Great. 


 ever heard of something called direct deposit 


Man, the parody between the non-AQs is ridiculous   


my friday night is consisting of my minnie mouse onesie, my teddy bear hat &amp; a hot water bottle:/  


If you didn't know, smog is actually good for you.   morning to hunt.. Nice and cold with no wind..... 


Being blown off is the best!!   


 makes money by bashing celebrities! Damnn that must take some REAL talent!! Lol 


" Wishing UPA Chairperson Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. I pray for her long and healthy life."
 !!!


because-noun is now officially a part of English grammar. Thank you, internet. 


My family sure has a way of making my friend feel welcomed  ugh.


Omg. Sperm mouth keeps popping up on my tl. 

Thanks Momo! 


Yep - the Tomohawk chop is in no way hostile &amp; abusive!    


   sorry, like I don't even know who those ppl r. Like, anyone got $$ I can borrow? I can't even. 


Well I just walked 1 mile and over and then ran over muddy fields, too way to get home! 


 Yep. Plus it's totally a great idea for me, as a white woman, to enter other cultures and tell them how to feminism 


 this war is so intense, and you are beating so badly, i forgot to get revenge on you!  I'll get to it soon.  


Get to my school visit and a practice tornado drill... oh yay!  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 In this Administration  take a back seat to a  dung pile No SH*T 


Nice to see the Rangers responding well to last night's messy performance.  


Pointing out my acne is such a huge compliment guys. Seriously. Doesn't make me any more self conscious than I already am  


Good call superintendent, the roads are definitely fine to drive on 


   oh my bad guys the MSU Defense isn't even that good at all 


I can't believe that in JANUARY it's going to be cold outside. What sort of nonsense is that??  


 aren't  we just the luckiest girls in the world 


Pretty happy I have to skip my Holiday Party tonight  


Mr muscle touch cleaner the woman can back kick a sheet of kitchen roll in to the bin   


It's such a tragedy that no parenting skills can be as perfect as yours dad.  


Self RT. RT  Source: New Zealand national soccer team still in New Zealand, which explains this result.  


 how many miles does that equate to?  


Jessie J next week? Must remember to set the reminder for that   


I can always count on  snapchats to cheer me up no matter how shitty my day is 


Watching Football and OMG the grass looks amazing!!! Why are these dudes running all over it?!   


Omf finally its Thursday thought the weekend would never come! 


Buzzing for tomorrow... Pause.... Not   and  all day yeaaa boiiii


So excited to be going back to work tomorrow, I might actually soil myself...  


 it's the recession Claude ... Shovels are tough to come by 


Minnal FM announcers very energized and enthusiastic. I slept off listening to them. 


Its 9:30 a.m. and my son is already melting down. Today should be great. 


No finals for me this semester. Good luck to everyone though, remember, if you fail, well then you didn't learn shit. 


Amazing how many more people are here for Sunday Funday than usual.  Is there a game on. 


 wth too much calls... Calls are raining.. Thank you refs 


So that zzquil didn't do anything. Pulling all nighter until I have to go to work. Yayyyyyy for being nocturnal 


Why should men have to pay for slutty Madonnas' pregnancies? It's not like men got them pregnant &lt;--    


manningsumner        I barely remembered my drive  Can't wait for the day it's live streamed 


The  offense is really humming now that EJ is back!!  


That guy looks like he has a GREAT sense of humor...     


I wonder how happy people are who analyze and connect every artist and everything they do to illuminati. You must be very happy 


 "~" before/after a sentence should signal written sarcasm because, what else is that thing used for.  


HOW DARE the refs make a bad call that benefits someone other than the patriots!!!   


College, because doing group presentations and training for the police prep test is exactly what I feel like doing 


Good to see Darren Jolly leave with dignity   


Send Borowiecki down, yea sens you're really doing it right with all the consistency this year  


Uuuuuh..he dies in the end ..... Shakespeare you badass!! Spoiling this for us since 1606! 


I love righting essays on my birthday. 
 


And to finish off Christmas Day, we're watching the delightful, light-hearted, festive-full film that is... Chronicle.  


  dude our d-line could've done something... 


 lol your defiantly gonna make a great rapper!!! Ham rapper that is! ... 


 cowboys are ganna be super bowl champs without him. 


Only one day off between now and Christmas. Love working in retail. Its the best. 


"Are you in love with me?" I asked Nick  


Yes let's keep running the ball instead of throwing it 


I don't think there's enough people here...     doesn't conclude that JFK assassination was a vast conspiracy then clearly PBS must also be in on it.  


 Honestly I didn't think it was too bad but I wasn't in a windy area. Can't wait to go do it again tomorrow! :-) 


So we can look forward to another few years of mediocrity as a be culture is established. Yay. 


The past few days have been huge emotional roller coasters xD Life. Is. Good. 


Thanks to magic of digital, I've gotten gifts without anyone else being awake. Thanks technology, you've made my family useless!! 


 oh yes because you showed that so well today's dying to get gabby out of her chair.  


 Did ye watch Corrie, it was nice to have a good ending for once eh? 


Wew, thank you Engl2 for making my life easy!   seems like the perfect time to go shovel snow.     hearing Adam Carolla complain about other drivers never gets old! 


I don't like to eat curry. Should Curry be illegal India? If I don't like it, it MUST be wrong! 


Way to freaking go Shelby. Always on time, always classy.  


Don't you just love it when your timeline turns into the weather channel 


Oh yay!  I get to take a drug test tomorrow and than go to work from 11-3 &amp; 5-10  


PG&amp;E Reports Massive Outages in San Joaquin County, Foothill Areas  via  wait, really? 


I love it when my crohns acts up and completely cripples me for a day and a half.... 


 weeeoooo! Don't forget the  It was fun!!  


I love when people don't respond to my text messages when were in the middle on a conversation  


I love that my phone is being a pile today and not sending messages.  


 is racial profiling I see. Asian food, Hispanic food, and crackers (white people).   gifts with Santa   lol    no. Cap 2 is going back for more reshoots. WHATEVER SHALL WE DO!?!!?!?!?!!? 


Love waking up with hardly no voice, sore throat &amp; stuffy nose...  


You're one of my best friends, the words every guy wants to hear...


"   For great banter &amp; a sense of humour! " I kinda think its more  but thanks... xx


 yeah. Girls love doing unnecessary over thinking.  :| good for you. 


 must be boring to do a postgame show when there is no buzz about the team 


So glad I waited until North MS reached a balmy 28 degrees to go for a run... I'm almost sweaty.   


Ajaloaywcqndofirbwkqow. There's just something about working retail during the holidays that warms your heart &amp; soul.  


I just love people who can make ANY situation about THEMSELVES. 
 by the way.


Something is crawling around in the vent......lovely! 


 Can you send me those Bret Michels tickets? I'm really wanting to go to his concert. 


Thank you for that sarcastic banter      nothing funner than typing up all of my past lecture notes into my MacBook! 


I just love these nights when I can't sleep. 


   OMG! What did he do now??? He is always getting into trouble. wow. such a a gr8 example to the kids! 


So excited to be heading into work this morning. 


 Oh My God! People are now about to get better and cheaper healthcare coverage  


Me: "do you wanna know what sucks"
Boyfriend: "vacuums.. "
Me: .really??    


 Shouldn't  pack his own bag though?? Why are you packing it for him?? 


 how would you know! Heh...you haven't even been in a relationship..Poor lonely Shiro :'( 


 and we STILL have a gazillion dollar deficit. Yay for corruption. 


 But one reviewer gave it a middling score. Surely that means nobody should play it. 


 yum! I'm making soup the now! Wild Saturday night! 


Lightning fast security at  International! 


 mate how shit is Stevie G ?? Shouldn't be allowed in the team!!  


Am I supposed to  or does tone alone imply it? 


No better way to spend Thanksgiving than at work!      match iz very interestin very very... arsenal vs chelsea 


got a whole 4 hours of sleep last night      OOOh, can't wait. Love that kind of pandering 


Im probably going to have detention today! Yaaay for me! 


Really loving this expansion thing   


The only emails I received for cyber Monday deals came from golf related sites. Who says golf marketing isn't cutting edge? 


Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great! 


 let me guess.  Your doctor met you at the appointed time?  


Having too many "top 6" frwd is stupid. Why have good players play 13 mins and more good players play 8 mins. Makes no sense  


my fav thing ever is calling a business and going through all 20 prompts.....then being hung up on while being transferred......


I really love  tweets!   


Wow, you can star a person so twitter notifies you every time they tweet?

How necessary!




So my work "boyfriend" (FedEx man) is single..... Hollaaaaa  


Black ladies with blonde hair look like duracell batteries!  


Can't wait to work 1:30 to 10 on Thanksgiving. Happy Turkey Day to me. 


Arrived in Florida all safe and sound except that my suitcase is still in Amsterdam, just my luck of cooooourse :-) :-) :-) 


There's nothing like breaking down after an amazing day 


Don't you just love it when your dad doesn't believe in your dreams? 


Oh just wait for it....... RT  Can't wait for ALL the tweets "It's 9:10 on 11/12/13" 


Tow work in a little bit. Thanks man. Just what I wanna hear.  


I can't wait to read all the gym rats post about being butthurt over all of the "fat people" taking over their gym.  


Because we know I'd just LOVEEEEE to collar someone who can't even WORK and EARN the privilege of being called mine. 


It's 3:00pm, and I've accomplished absolutely nothing...great start to the week. 


. . - surprising. I has you pegged as an aHarryPotterist.  


 Twitter shouldn't know when you're having relationship issues. But the wisdom of twitter therapists is priceless! 


so um..today has been a great day for kpop  


 American B-52 bombers flew into China's new Air Defense Zone - yay escalation!   thoughts?  pitbulls really are mean"     


And its raining super hard. I don't have payong, I didn't bring my flops. Perfect! 


Hehehe  RT  Who is this? " Arsenal going to EL? LMAO"


Good thing I work with a bunch of pricks on this lovely Monday 


staying home every night alone on break has been great 


"The white man can't say nuthin' anymore!"  Yeah, when is the white man ever going to catch a break...?  


My dad's not here, I'm working, and most of my family isn't even showing up....BEST CHRISTMAS EVER! 


" Sorry for my Bluntness, that's just how I Roll" Omg rofl wow that was sooo like the funniest thing I heatd in my life 


" Great start to my day, I was told that I'm going nowhere with my life. 


  uh, hells yeah! Did you see that minecraft thing?  


One Direction won? That's surprising...  But I love zayn so it's fine.


I love the fact that my iPad charger doesn't work 


It's fun walking past someone who used to be your bestfriend and not saying a word to them , 


 I been through some shit man, but I be on my shit man. I'm sure you been through alotta shit bruh, keep yo head up!  lol


 Im glad you know everything about my relationship!  


 see the wind has to get up over nxt cpl a days? 


 - seriously, this episode, series is so smart &amp; funny. But please, bury it on Fridays. 


OMG! No, please play more of your super hip mashups of Christmas classics with slightly outdated pop songs. Yan, endless loop! Woo! 


Have a shower and then go out in the rain? What a fantastic idea!  


Goodness Dom Joly really is a pleasant chap isn't he  - actually he's rather low &amp; rude &amp; could help himself by not ...


I think we should raise the minimum wage to $100/hr. because that would help the economy.  


 Duke just announced Alex Murphy is transferring. oh wait, does that mean coach k is like CTC  


They thought of this, but it didnt really pick up... I wonder why? Haha      much looking forward to working on Lytham Road as of tomorrow!    


  Milwaukee was the real winner here 


Escorting a turnt up freshman to the hospital at 3 30... My night&gt;&gt;&gt;yours 


I'm just happy I was the only one wearing royal blue yesterday 


. got to make sure u die with nothing cant pass on any wealth to the family that's unfair   


You hate the Boston accents?  RT  I just remembered why I never watch Bruins games on NESN.


Hey  we spent $175 on her ticket but my daughter can see Miley at NYC  for free on the CW. Thanks again! 



I don't even sleep anymore I just die for a
couple hours each day.


Colts gave a first rounder for him? Smart move  


 yeaaah lets celebrate that now there will be world peace cz women are allowed to drive!!!! 


Suicidal thoughts.. What a great song to listen to 


 some solid Director's Cup points, though!    


That awesome moment your dog farts on you.  


Looking forward to spending this lovely Friday at home.  


  hahaha do it Demi...xDDD is quite close 


Have a lovely voice mail on my phone from Tuesday night...   


No Si i wasnt gonna go back to sleep...sure walk across my bare chest while doing that little breadmaking thing -.-  


Bout to eat a bagel that expired yesterday  


 McCain and Romney weren't part of the Tea Party? We need to nominate a moderate to get more votes! 


$cldx back up &gt; 6% today. Did those p values get revised--now, statistically significant?  


 So you are saying we will get a major winter storm this year? 


Trying to figure out New Years plans the night before is not frustrating at all 


whaaaaaaa no way. he said that to you? thats crazy. 


" Stop thinking about him, hes not thinking about you." Well thanks a bunch hey? 


These texts are so overwhelming...I'm so loved 


 thanks for sending 14 txt messages between 4:00-6:00am letting me know a fault I'm monitoring has been cleared 


oK  it was  mine was too. I know several men  who breakup before the holidays.. Tweet just struck me funny but horrible. 


 I've just trolled my playlists and I found the song. Genie in a bottle - Christina Aguilera 


Hey girl RT It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


She's not desperate...at all...Never ever ever!  


335 words, 1 paragraph! Still have 4 left on this essay then 2 other essays after this   


SO in a  Surely, you can't be serious?! 


Thanks  This is awesome watching the  This is what I've paid for. This is great. 


This weekend/week is just going to be greattt...  


Have a really crappy gut feeling right now and I can't fall asleep. What a fabulous night! 


I love the idea of driving to West Liberty in the snow.... 


"Pussy so good, I bought her a pet."-2 Chainz. Lyrical genius.  


I never realized how philosophical Jaden Smith is. 


I can see it now that it's going to be a very exciting Thanksgiving with the family 


Well this has been a lovely start to the new year 


according to  the chances of Zambia qualifying for Brazil2014 are higher than that of Ghana 


Pass to decker cause that's been working well alllllll day. 


Angry  Damn uppity American Citizens think the   &amp;  mean something. Idiots! Signed 


When people ask a dumb question, I feel that it's my duty to give a sarcastic answer... 
 


oh no the heat lost they won't make the finals oh nooooooooooooooooooooo 


Wow, today is just packed full of excitement. 


 I have a visual that I don't want bc I know them ! Thanks  smh !


 good thing bears got rid of Lovie Smith 


Typical American gun-first mentality.   Spending the day shooting in Salvador.


How great was Evra's defending? Top class!  


Wow they can never support wat I want to do! Thanks guys love u to 


Ah a direct question on welfare and the plight of sick &amp; disabled deftly avoided by  that'll win 'em over! 


Oh melbourne trains. You rock.       Flinders Street Station  good thing you added  you may have had a bunch of hate mail! 


 you serious? OR its  dat I am not able to get?Its not a debate,when the host shouts n doesn't let his guests speak.


I love when people don't follow through on their plans and leave me hanging 


 I think they held their own considering how much better the SEC is.   


Cause this is how I like to spend my practices..    super excited for this work meeting!    


Gosh do I love the airport during Christmas time. 


   I don't remember his right leg being so huge :)    


 when someone says "ayyy you really do this" it obviously means they did a lot of dabs, way to put 2 and 2 together 


And less jobs will surely help our economy...    


No Wallahi !" On a second thought it's carter 


8 days before Christmas and my parents aren't on speaking terms. How lovely is my family! 


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.            


 should have attached  to that tweet then


At least my bedroom window isn't leaking   quickly losing my sanity. Thank you  for  


Im sending cute goodmorning text to my baby
  


. Yeah, gene expression variation totally never has a genetic basis..  


 It's 1-1. Ray said shots don't matter. It's a huge moral victory and that does matter. 


 the goal against Carolina last year to clinch duh! 


So if a false flag event occurred at Century Link Field tonight, I wouldn't be mad about it. 


Let me share my opinion and if nobody likes it, I will curse them because they're wrong and I'm right. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I have such a nice boyfriend, throwing macaroni at me and burning me hahaha 


This cold is making breathing rather difficult. Least it's not (you know) a necessary function for survival or anything. 


What a day. Florida gets beat by GA Southern and B-Mac gets traded to the Yankees..... 


Shit shit shitty day! Time to try and have a pre nightshift nap... Because that's just going to make everything better..   


 Have I mentioned how much I love being home for break??   my life.


 Only thing I'm lookin forward to this year is the World Cup  is taking it this year lol 


  Agreed. And they think Disney Infinity is a masterpiece 


The newest Cheerios commercials teaches kids that you should change everything about yourself... Great lesson! 


 I'm sure you're really awesome. Lots of friends. Coolest ever. 


 oh  !! well as a fan and some wat assciated with sports for a while u know sportsman spirit, optimism :P so i did! :D


I love seeing other people get their certificate 


Love the fact that none of my friends care enough to come watch me dance 


way to go Canada!   Canada leads the world in failing to invest in biomedial research  wait to come back to Wolverhampton today; it has so much to offer! 


YouTube's new ad changes mean we get audited every 6th or 7th video we upload with ads.  


Keep pissing away points Detroit. It won't come back to haunt you in April in the least. 


some desigers now pride themselves on designing *chic* cubicles. for example, you can change your wallpaper. amazing! 


I love the way my parents want me to stay home 24/7  


Sometimes I don't hate people. And then I wake up.



 Tell me about it! And just as the Hunger Games was getting good. 


So glad I get to miss the Michigan game for it 


I'm glad we atleast put some pressure on Peyton 


I take absolutely no pleasure in seeing RP feeling so sorry for himself..  


In  to the   Shamelessly addicted....


Just got two vid jobs in indiana and ohioexcitement. 


 I'm stunned they are not predicting bjp to win 100% seats ROFL 


Hey  - great job losing my package.  Great customer service too.  - Next time go FedEx. 


I think it may be hot enough outside to go swimming in December.. 


This  is more draconian than  Well played  I hope you got my  there! 


Nothing like being the entourage for your sister as she shops for boots.   


It's official...Sharknado, it's the greatest! I never thought effects or a screen write could be so on point! I'm speechless. 


  doesn't matter what they do... as if somebody just told med they started filming Mars attacks 


Everyone on this  must now submit statements to the police. It's 1:23am. Awesome. 


i saw the video of perrie ice skating.
why didn't she fall while she was on the ice?






Only 13 hours from Boston to Austin...I'm still so impressed by the miracle that is the jet age.  


  hey chief Chad he is a swimmer not player, I'm talking about khune here"


Source: New Zealand national soccer team still in New Zealand, which explains this result.  


Really enjoying the impartial, objective analysis on  .  privatise it and let it survive on it's own.


harap2 bln 9 or 10 nt rakyat malaysia x bertambah secara mendadak yer..


I'm so excited about going to school tomorrow and seeing people and working and not being in bed 


It's always nice to see Cahill playing well at Chelsea.. thanx Martin O'Neill  


Surprise piss test...oh joy!    


Enid mall is everything I ever wanted!   Where are all the stores?


yay detention for being .5 seconds late to science! 


My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


If that was the  playing for NOTHING I'd hate to be the  when EVERYTHING is on the line   Giants won 15-7


I love it when my computer auto-corrects what I'm typing halfway through a word. 


Y'all Skins fans are sooo loyal.... Just like the people that live there... Lmfao 


Now that I think about it that game was decent.  


With Joe Hart making one of the most important saves in his England career, is this the teams most important second half ever? 


100K enrollees with 5 million cancelations. This plan to increase healthcare coverage is working out brilliantly.  


Family dinner where no one wants to be there? Yeah that's how I wanted to spend tonight.  


 the American Girl "doll of the year" is revealed   


Yeah thanks for letting me go when you're busy. 


So i totally just found a coke bottle with My Name On , wait let me Put it As My Profile picture For everyone To See !!:)  


I was just followed by a facial plastic surgery center. Are they trying to tell me something?   


Let's replace every letter A with &amp; so we &amp;ll c&amp;n look re&amp;lly cool! :D 


   Latta slides into goalie apparently no rule 69.3 on that one.  


when I need help the Common App help center is "under maintenance". Yeah. Thanks. 


 No?  Not Dennis &amp; Callahan - they would never do such a thing.  


Why do they even asked if you want whole or non-fat milk at McDonalds.. yes I came here for something non-fat 


"on average, there are 7 people in the world that look like you."
high five to you and your gorgeousness  


What the hell were we thinking getting rid of Carson Palmer &amp; Hayward-Bey? They were the future of the franchise.  


 it's okay I really didn't want my save data...glad I paid $60 to play something and then have it set me back 


 How are you spending the last day of 2013? Oh you know the usual... Just studying my butt off. How fun! 


 thanks for answering my question... Glad you were a great help dude 


Definitely miss the poo smell here in terre haute...  


Awesome this games prolly gonna be tied at half .


Laziness frustrates me.  Don't worry, I'll do everything 


I love it when drunk Georgia fans play my saxophone  


 1 yard per carry, not bad for the Jags offense 


Wore my FFA heels for the first time in 2 years for the Christmas cantata this weekend. Forgot how fun they are  


I'm glad I have to go to school tomorrow because I have 2 real classes and the rest I'm doing nothing in the other 7!!  


Could the  folks have made it harder for me to upload a letter of recommendation for my best students? 


 . will start tonight against the Magic according to  head coach Mike Woodson&lt;WOOOOOOOOOO!!! 


Feeling stranded on the side of the road with a over heating car in 17 degree weather is the best   


How I love when it's time to trim the dogs nails.  


Because govt regulations spur growth &amp; jobs right?
   

EPA preparing to unleash a deluge of new regulations  I have some great friends. Aren't I lucky ? 


I am so glad that  can enjoy rounds of golf &amp; basketball games when Americans are losing healthcare
 


Thanks goes out to 1password for making me buy their update.  


Guess what everyone gets to see on their twitter feed tonight....wait for it..... PRETTY LITTLE LIARS!  


Well this night turned out to be fucking fantastic... 


.  thanks for making a communication program that is reliable  Sorry but the iPhone looks even better now..


In Python, math.fabs(x) returns the absolute value of x. Now thats an intuitive function name 


 Well that's what they say about the privilige...it's blinding, right? 


Louis on set looking classy as usually.     Life: I almost got kicked out of the Sport Management program today. 

SUCH :) A :) GREAT :) TIME :)  


"  ehhh ni nama lain plak??? bg can la PRM n PB berehat..... adoiii agas2 ni nk berlendir ke nk study??" 


Can't even begin to say how excited I am that I get the privilege to work at 8am tomorrow morning   


Always nice to hear of serious semi family issues. 


'The Westboro Baptists are true Christians,' and that's not a good thing.   its totally possible to get twenty hours of work done in a 7 hour period. 


  no one is happy about the 1.6l v6 but apparently it's whats best for f1.  


I love how someone else's 2 mins is everyone else's 15 mins 


Top of the pops Christmas special , this is a right rave 


I better be getting a wife award or something come Tuesday. Shhhh. He has no idea..  Yay xbox   What do you mean football's corrupt and being run by whoever can afford to pay the most money?!? Surely not?.. 


Great!... This day just keeps getting better and better!  


So happy that I will be working Christmas Eve and Christmas! Hahahaha 


I really hope this is   Hey, Kevin Love, nice free throws late!   


I love finding out my nephew is trying to be born two months early on FACEBOOK.  


Angie is a role model. If at first u don't succeed, lower standards until u do  - it's our children's lives u play with 4 approval!


So, not even a rookie offensive coordinator wants to INTERVIEW for this job? Yes, we are attracting the best candidates here. 


and I just picked up a shift at work, best birthday ever!  


I await with uncontrollable  anticipation for the X factor results 


- This is nice and warm. 
~ What is?
- The fire. 
~ Oh yeah? I never woulda thought of that. 
   


 Oh well sexual assault is no big deal. Totally acceptable thing to do. 


 But what do you mean by that..it's so insensitive  


I'm so glad I don't live somewhere where it is sunny all the time 


Just made an Amazon account.....this will end good   haha


 it's not racist if it's animated. It's parody  


I'm actually disappointed that espn is not going wall to wall with their coverage of Jameis Winston 


 that's completely out of context  who are you ?


You know what makes for a great Monday? Sleeping through your alarm &amp; waking up when you usually leave for the office.  


 Neal, turn up the  meter some more. I think some savages in Borneo missed your point.


 I agree right now. My mind could change if they get david price and a whole new team 


Omg  was in on one bad play, get rid of him immediately!  


Miami is down 15, done with this team, new fan to the Warriors now. 


"    such Zionist racists. 


fire alarm at 1:30am....great. Just fuckin beautiful 


I speak four languages:    and   ;D


Money well spent.  RT  Niners fans to taunt Seahawks with billboard in Seattle:  for the promoted tweet from The Oil Sands telling me just how environmentally friendly they are. Changed my mind completely. 


Thank you to the guy that ran into me at the game last night.  


Oh yeah it's Miley's birthday. Woo hoooo!   *insert middle finger emoji here


My Christmas eve consisted of cleaning windows and making lemon cheesecake. fun-filled right there. 


Delayed again? Fantastic I was hoping  


I'm really looking forward to it; I'm sure it's going to be very nice 


I just love being ignored. Seriously one of my favorites! 


 thanks! It seemed strange but who knows, maybe I'll become a fan of taking pointless pictures of myself :) 


 yeah because everyone normally falls at my feet 


  You guys have at it... These last 3 hours are going to fly by. 


If I ever truly open up to you about my family, I trust you. If I ever have &amp; you walked away, thanks for that. 


 are you sure this isn't you "profiting" from being a vet? 


Thanks for that message back though  I don't get why in the middle of a convo people just vanish.


I love being at work at the crack of dawn on Christmas Eve, especially when people heat up fish in the kitchen for breakfast. 


I love seeing adults post about how fantastic it is that they JUST learned some basic life skill. 


No better feeling than your mom screaming "don't come home" and slamming the door in your face. 


I've finally been discovered!  RT   We could use you!  the status of every flight before mine go red for canceled. That's a good sign, right?     


It's a good thing that the Signers ignored privacy rights!  


23rd of November and Jonny and I are jumping on the bandwagon.. We have our Xmas tree oot!    is more fun than waiting 3.5 hours in a freezing car for AAA to send a tow truck. Ah, life's simple pleasures  


 Like he just couldn't finish his college career? Stupid   


Well this is an awesome start to Christmas. 


Not at all loving this new home plate collisions policy. Next up: pitchers must wear catcher's gear on mound. 


Saban decides to stay at bama.   


  As someone in IT, let me tell you: putting routers in a place and turning them on is incredibly difficult. 


 offense looks like trash? There's a surprise. 


Same faces, same stuff. This will be a fun day. 


Foxwoods is so fun when you're under 21   


Another rousing trip to the doctors!!!! HURRAY!!!!!!!!!!!        since "The Hit", the expectations placed on Blake Bortles were far too high.  


Dat orange seeds... That's what I had in dinner, look I am ready to share crap...   still a week to go I've already equalled last years Christmas tips! 


ahh, exactly how I wanted to start my Saturday morning - with a  debate.   


 great play all guys, way to get it in there on time. 


So excited Kobe is back! Lakers vs Raptor highlights.  . The Nba sucks. Will not watch espn til June .


Exactly what I want to do on the only day I am able to sleep in...     car troubles is such a delightful thing in the cold..  


 and/or find where they work and get a job close to them. Become the true stalker. 


12 hour car ride to Syracuse ahead of me tomorrow.  


If someone said something awful about a racial minority, people would be fired up, but it's just fine to insult gays, amirite? 


This is the best time ever to be getting sick 


O yes sir! Servers love their tips in all change! All day everyday :)  


 if you follow the string correctly the implied "brain damage" is to whom threat seeks of
aka 


Browns fire head coach...where have I heard this before? It's always a success glad they're trying it again.  


Can't wait till new years eve, I have loads of friends and plans... 


   nah. Marriage. That what really pays off dear. Marry a rich dude. Become a pretend  


I love feeling appreciated and wanted.....  


More things to keep me awake now. Yay!  


It's a shame there aren't more new country songs about booze, parties and one night stands confined to a truck.  


Nothing gets me pumped for the work meeting like hearing all the dance remixes of "Edge of Glory"... 


I just had a dream about Chucky 
Now I can't go back to sleep 
Gotta love scary movies 


 I'm sold-it's convinced me to give up cage fighting &amp; its won me over I now think it should be banned everywhere 


Those Wildcats are looking damn good. Hahaha. 


"The tallest building"!?!  Yeah, that's news!  Way to raise the bar  


OMG guys sideways selfies are so cute I can't handle it 


I wish I was a guy. Maybe I wouldn't be so affectionate and sensitive and ew who wants that, gross. And caring, disgusting. 


Can tell you nearly in newark when you smell the fucking sewage plant!  


You really know how to keep the guy you love      


Keeping judging people and complaining girl because the more you do it the more I like you.   


   on my end but like you're hilar &amp; I love it


    I'm unfollowing you. You're not a bulls fans. Your team sucks. 


  No showers mean they're saving Mother Earth's water. 




 OMG wtf how did you give  only 53 crossing?      


Oh good, the desperate African asylum-seekers aren't bothering the affluent residents of Tel Aviv for now.  


RE: Harry Potter Prequel. When has a prequel about a sad kid version of a beloved character ever gone wrong?  


must remember that Americans don't seem to do  or 


Oh yes I love being ignored....please ignore me some more. 


 Sorry to be such a bother and a pain in the ass for the show.    but you have to be on every single one of them! What don't you like being social? 


On a great note it's about negative 72843 degrees outside. 


I am so excited to see all of your drunk meat photos. 


Yep, Alex Smith is just an avg QB.  He's just a game manager.    


12 penalties for 100+ yards, way to step up in a big game Ravens. 


Thank you so much for ruining our planned dinner for tonight. Unpredictable of you, really!   


. please send my thanks to whoever organised the din playing over the PA at the  store today for my migraine. 


so thankful that I get to work on thanksgiving night lololololol  


 geez Gene the weather is awful. Ben Hill looked packed today after that ass whoopin! 


 don't worry, I'll know my place and won't leave the kitchen to visit    


Missed my shuttle by 10mins gets put on one 4hours later yay for eurotunnel   


Not sure what I'd do without my 15 seconds of Oldham highlights each week  


I love being the only senior in the bus... 


JP Morgan files a patent on the tulip/beanie baby worthless payment protocol. 


Thank you for adding depression on to my current depression.. 


The poem going viral now has its 1st video "Kaafir Kaafir"   


It's days like this I'm glad I work outside ... 


You know I'd probably be a lot better at this social media thing if I didn't have a life.   


My TV I'd clearly not loud enough! Can't hear the fans 


Glad to know that  will still charge you for service After your car has been stolen. Great Service guys 


 You should actually praise them for finally pulling out the   


thank you for the PRESENT. *ROLL EYES TO HEAVEN* armean84    so glad the people at Hobby Lobby love their jobs and customers so much.  


Got 2 exams left one tomorrow and one on Monday...great spacing I didn't want to go home early anyway  


 i can't wait to be back at the aquatic center tomorrow morning!!!1!!1!1 


I favouritised your tweets. if u like me. then u can follow me. lolol 


 yep I saved the video on my phone to remind me every day that I can one day become an Olympic champion in the 200 fly. 


Thanks to all you people that keep posting that its snowing outside..I would've never known.  


found a weakness in the updated Siri. It's  hahahahaha.      talked to my brother today... he says  pride is the family curse. i told him, me prideful?! pssh im least pridful person eva.... 


It's a good thing no ones texting me back or I'd be bored right now! 


 Americans only like the best. That's why college football is so successful. That's the best football in this country 


Today would of been a great trip to the beach. bensofic   it to the max!! Tasaba nak tngu stok take 1hb sebab nak poyo dgn board munga2. Pffttt   weekend to be a football fan in NE Ohio.  


 ditto mate but surely "2014 will be our year" 


Bout to have an upper endoscopy done. Don't know what it is? Look it up. It's great  


Wild Saturday night           A)  B) Im not the Vikings ;)    your AVI and twitter handle says otherwise


tOSU has gone 12 games without allowing a 100 yd rusher because those B1G teams do nothing but pass, right? 


Oh your mood swings are so enjoyable.... 


 Seriously though, you guys,what do you all think about Israel.Lets solve this thing right here on Twitter. LOL 


The Bunnylogue: T'is the Season!      


Oh you expected everything to be different today. Good for you. 


What a lovely way to start off my day..   


 and I have to see you and everyone else's wonderful faces.  that last hashtag was 


I'm glad Roy didn't smile - it would have ruined the pic.     just an attention seeker like George. How dare she get into an accident &amp; force the media to report on it. 


 But Couturier sucks... We should feel lucky if someone takes him off our hands.   


 never wins anything that boy -_- always in constant danger taking on so many drivers   


 is all about saying "Fuck You!" in the nicest possible way.


 and see how he made it up to her?!?  


I don't think this break could be any more amazing than it already is... 


I love waking up with migraines, it makes me feel so refreshed 


The redskins are doing very well right now. 


Being ignored is the absolute best feeling in the world. 


 thank you for never DMing me. It made me the happiest girl on earth. I'll never give up. 


 i said:"someone fill that tub of water, take jonnie's head and drown him!"





Campus is just out of hand  about to go make cupcakes 


Driving behind 2 plows taking up both lanes of the highway going 30 mph is an awesome way 2 be late 4 work    


Good thing my Xbox live membership ended three days ago...    


  yea Pinkel you and your boy Franklin lost this one. Good job. Great bowl game decisions. 


Me: "It's raining outside!!" 
Blake: "No, it's Santa..." 
  


Heated debate about food in Business. I'm so glad I paid $22k to learn about this :D 


I legit have one piece of paper for tomorrow in a 1inch notebook. Btw, I have four academics. So I'm sure it will all fit . 


Also : I spend all day with Ferrell. Like how is my luck this wonderful?    


GG YouTube! Thanks for disabling my annotations!!       c'mon y'all we know je is a super mom! 


Nothing gets me more motivated to lift than R&amp;B. 


Fair play I live such an exciting life  


   why, you don't sound enthusiastic at all! I wonder why?  who WOULD be enthusiastic. -_-


Lucky dem,Yola" " MashaAllah network in maiduguri"yayyy.. Lucky u 


not sure from the billions of tweets whether or not FSU won.. Or if Jameis Winston was a beast. 


The serious crazy shit that happens in my life sometimes is usually what makes my life so eventful  


great feeling this going to work carry on !!!! 


Tweet Con't: yet manager books off the holidays..    


Totally looking forward to NYE tommo.   


Hank deflects one off the mask. Horrible. Trade him.  


Nope, it's okay I don't mind hanging out with other people but thank you for asking 


The marketplace is So busy right now   


       He's Mexican, they'll just think he stole it 


It became clear this week that I'm obviously model material and better than everyone else.    love it when I get out of office replies from myself. 


I don't know how I even have a tongue left. I've bitten it too many times. 


  Great it will smell like cow poop for the Grey Cup Party. 


You unfollowed me? HOLY SHIT....I lost a  

P.s. ......Said with pure  in my voice LOL!!!!


Teddy Bridgewater has Brian Brohm written all over him. 


Nice job by the  announcing the  new manager on a Monday after Week 16 of NFL &amp; 1 day before Xmas Eve. 


Due to global waning it currently feels like it's 33 degrees outside...if earth were "normal" it would feel like it's 31 degrees 


Another school shooting in Colorado today.

Clearly, our gun laws are working.




 money money money money money money, so lets be liars and risk lives and treat animals like shit!! Woot 


 to  Welcome Mr Secretary, I promise we won't announce any new settlement construction while you are here! 


My wrapping skills this year are as good as always....  


I'm just angry about everything now. Our "love" must've meant so much to you! 


I will be selling my left foot to finish my Xmas shopping. I need mulahh baby 


Ignoring things will help your problems everyone!!! 


So Twitter has now made it possible to mute users, but has called it blocking. It's no longer possible to block. Fab idea. 


  by a team that is oh so so much better than us 


  I don't think so I believe what tancredi says 


My level of  has got to the point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


 you're telling us like we don't already follow the WPBA 


Snow falling during winter throughout northern hemisphere, who would have thought?   ding 


 wonder why we are leaving them when they are sending us bills even though we are on a pre-payment meter. Well done 


What I love about living without parents is definitely taking out the trash, doing the dishes, &amp; doing the laundry... 


I literally have literally been literal like totally literally, in a figurative sense.  


I can't wait for the explosion after the other samchel moments this episode 


Blow Out Alert Thank You Dennis Allen Your Team Believes In You   


Ooo I'm such a cruel person. I overwhelm myself with how inconsiderate I am.  


Boy you gotta love that not good enough feeling.  


Pretty sure I just broke my back from that cough spasm... Perfect!   


I've come to conclusion that people that don't have their cup of sweg in the morning, will become stupid later on.



Lolz the rest of the convo, none is as cool as my bestie     spent an hour looking up answers to my study guide. Found the answer key at the bottom.   


Finished "Competent to Counsel" by Jay Adams, now on to his other book Big Umbrella. Preparing for PhD work is fun y'all!!  


Well suppose I best get up and showered then its off to DJ in the 'Wonderful' City of Bradford!  


 Well from that summary she must be a butch lesbian, surely?  


Really love when Aidan sends me a bunch of pictures of Florida 


Best laker ever Dj Mbenga   found this amusing haha


 Praising world's BEST batsman is against 'Pakistani Nationalism' because TTP's efforts helped sustaining nationalism 


  Yea because when coaches sign a contract they can't break it. 


Only 3 likes on an instagram picture? Why dont I just kill myself?   


Cause that's something I would be proud of  


Doing nothing tonight or all day tomorrow. Sounds like a great weekend to me 


  Look! It's  favorite album cover! 


Well today's just going swimmingly. And it's not even noon yet  


I got 80 cents in interest in 2013 lets gooooo 


If i say "Are you serious?" = Are you fucking stupid? 


When someone elbows your boobs accidentally ...     you have to love most about both Evra &amp; Van Persie after winning that is their complete humility 


Zipper breaks on my dress hours before formal. Just my luck. Fabulous day. 


 happy thanksgiving to you and thank you for perpetrating 'Merica's fear of minorities  and 


 ikr.. They say its development. Some kind of development that is for Guyana. 


I love when I say something and people try and tell me I said something else.               


  ahaha dude Westbrook and Durant are terrible!  


I'm really glad I have such dependable coworkers. It's awesome. 


Florida State did what they had to do to keep their star QB free, kudos. 


Oh good, a new mobile music app. I've been wanting an 11th way to stream music to my Windows Phone. 


" Okay guys. Don't everyone text me at one time.  


I love the people that can just deactivate their account and make a new one and get followers so fast 


There is no other pick me up than looking for full time employment. 


This is official. Im not an egg, don`t believe me. 


The things I do to be able to hang out w/ my friends. I'm like a slave... And not in a good way   


Inbox full of replies there. I feel like a postman at Christmas. 


    Violence and swearing is ok, but everything else is evil and needs censoring! 


QUALITY OF TIME and THE ART OF EATING ALONE.         love not being able to eat anything without my feeling like I'm going to vomit.  


I love how you cannot comment directly on the comments anymore great stuff   Please make this possible.


The best thing in the world is getting mixed signals 


 you are so incredibly clever I can hardly take it. 


Thank you plows for coming through my neighborhood at the worst timing and pushing half the street into my driveway 


There's nothing I love experiencing more than dsl internet  


Glad everyone's going to follow me now cause I'm in labor  happy I can entertain you all 


Well this weekend is starting off swimmingly 


Would it kill you to be happy for me?  Ah crap, I forgot.. It really will, no wonder why you never are. 


Great ( You can now get an American Girl doll with dyed pink hair    may be after virat retired they should think


"I wanna fuck you in the sink, after theater get you something to drink"
Kanye west is really talented!



Shit if all of my friends don't stop texting me my phone might blow up! 


  C'mon! The MPAA would NEVER do anything in the least bit vile! 


We might have some of the wildest cows.   how appreciative everyone is of the bloke that opened up at half 6 and set everything up and served all the drinks and food 


 So will Irsay now trade Luck away since he can't get in done in the playoffs like he did Manning?   


Waiting for water to turn into bubbles so I can make food!!!!! 
But happy Christmas Eve!!!


    ohhh my bad I feel so ashamed  because I did not know what y'all were doing  


There were just so many people at the rink this morning...      course... another town in Oklahoma taken by surprise by a tornado... because THAT is realistic   


Thanks Lili, don't know what I'd do without you. 


Just finished watching highlights. You know this NBA thing could really take off. 


Stupid questions get sarcastic answers via  


Dyed my hair blonde...now i can't wait to hear what the beast has to say abot it
 


I can't wait for my timeline to be a bunch of females talking about the VS Fashion show and how they wish they looked like an angel 


 It's snowing. Don't panic. Whattya mean? We never get snow on the east coast. What do we do?  


My mom is taking me Xmas shopping for myself. I wonder what I'm getting for Christmas 


Finals week is going to be awesome now that I can't even grip a pencil  


Hurricane Fly in with a good each way shout today. 




 yup I'm sure... And thanks for filling my tank 


THANKS 4 an Amazeballs&amp;Epic day filled with mad moments Bro! Never disappoints       


 And you're taken and slightly gay. So that DEFINITELY helps. 


 No, it's because you're my best friend ;) haha or is this  ;)


Nice hot cup of hot chocolate and calc notes...what could be better? 


No work for me tonight! Mom said I can't go...darn 


I feel like someone punched me in the temple, and it also feels like I'm hungover.
Great day.
 


Well that was a pleasant nightmare.... Should be easy enough to get back to sleep  


   but content was really good. Only thing I hated was the bow tie  


So glad I'm taking time out of my life to learn in depth knowledge about STD's.  That will really help my in my dental practice.  


PSA: when you have to say  after your joke,  you're probably not very good at it.


 cause i really care what you have to say... 


There's a suprise.   RT  RT  Daines gets Tea Party xPress for  


Drifting in the snow is fun.. Especially when you hit a pole and write off your car 


Oh yes the Dora Christmas special is on!!!  lol, laundry it is 


 Like seriously? Look up  and  in a dictionary. If you're strugglling, Google 


Love how my "friends" hung out tonight. LOVE THEM  


I have been elected to a new role.....marriage counselor and I'm not even married nor have I been married before 0_0! Lol! 


 That's just hilarious...   I know you're behind this.


EXO WILL WIN


 Harry Styles 
 One Direction


that was not fucken awkward in the slightest. 


I love the artistic soft focus shots on this game.  


wud hav watched the world cup draw on  but sadly my tv is not working so i hav to live stream it.. 


 night doll! Am off till Tuesday have a fab time on the train   


Is it supposed to be cold today? I don't think I've heard what the weather is supposed to be like in at least 2 minutes. 


Guess we'll just end it under yellow     


OSorry I forgot.... if you do something so heavy and difficult task like walking 5 steps to the door could f-ing kill you. *flips* 


Now I'm going to shut up and finish getting ready for school. In-class Finance assignment tonight. Whoo. 


There's not enough salt on my dinner   


      El Medio Bluffs    Because the Great Kahli is such a great entry... 


 You are correct Dave but it makes too much sense. Look for a heavy does of Paulson as xtra blocker.  


Kurir gas yg pandai, bawa bahan bakar sambil merokok..  [pic]   a Detroit d-lineman going low on a q.b. that's a suprise 


  I imagine he lines up at corner. 


Oh I just dove for two hours? Oh and now I have to go to a meet to dive for another 3? Thank The Lord great use of my time! 


Everyone loves Beyonce...     Cutler for 7 years and now we trade An all star in Deng for a has-been center.    gotta love Chicago sports.


    Pffffffffffffff...adorable people being adorable.. 


Now I'm really glad we challenged on that previous pass.  


So I was " on call" for work and I prayed I wouldn't have to come in. Thanks for listening god  


 ah ok, gotcha my brilliant friend  Like that ? : )


I'm so upset that it's a snow day. I was really looking forward to further my education at LCHS, smh.  


 YES! I DON'T HAVE TO DO IT! I'm saved.

I mean... oh no! I was really looking forward to it. :/   


   I agree but it is more like a Mack Truck convoy full of lies Why limit them to 1 pack? 


Brad Jones on the missed tackle...surprised!!  


One more hour before I go home, can't wait to sit in traffic for days 


 using the same storyline  used 2 years ago with punk/cena champion returns...saw this coming how original, 


  I highly enjoy learning about your lives via twitter.  


 Whaa? How can you possibly hate any of my tweets?! 


 Because what isn't there to be obsessed about?! 


Still got tonsillitis.. College is going to be just great tomorrow -_-  


Why the need 2 show off 2 the world? We already know u're rich, powerful and u're God..so what now? 


Greg Roman is such a bad coordinator, he's never missed the playoffs as a  OC. 


Want to thank Andre Johnson, Shane Vereen, Julius Thomas, and Riley Cooper for playing so well this week.  


Oh, ouch. I'm sorry.&lt;3 :( RT " : Love Youtube 


The millions following Obama chanting "Yes We Can" wasn't cult like at all.   in the break room: "I've gotta go serve America by helping these customers."  


So excited I had to come to work this morning... 


I really enjoy broken promises. They do make me feel wonderful. 


Spending my day off and the first day of the year doing laundry. Didn't realize how exciting my life is! 


Thanks for losing to a 10 man team Marseille. 


 Okposo now has an 8 game point streak, which is the longest active PT streak in the   he mooches Tavares 


uri yifan is hiding behind a pole... -_-"
/clap/ uri picasso is so 'smart' &lt;---  lol jkjk
 EXO


 as you can see.... sexual harassment -_- gotta love this fucking country's way of education 


 Yeah because Russell and Tony have been in the league the same number of years right? 


 but why wasn't it my community serviced? 


Looking forward to tomorrow and buying a sofa, table, tv and not paying for any of it till 2015





Santa Claus war offenbar erster NSA Mitarbeiter "He sees you when you're sleeping, He knows when you're awake"   


Very nice to see former classmates from Millburn at my work  


Feeling our weight workout from this morning... Can't wait for tomorrow   


 to work on legislation that would force president to keep his promises.    P.S.  The more  the better!


Two staff members walking the queue line today in  66 South Mall. Really great management. 


jade is teaching me my dances tomorrow night for my test which is tomorrow night also, I'm so gonna pass 


 thanks for the phone call explaining that we should have power by 10pm on Christmas day. Surprised you're gov't operated 


Oh sure, go ahead and move family Christmas to tomorrow during the Packer game.    Can I leave and go watch at bww instead?


Someone on Youtube flagged my  PTP videos and removed them. REAL GOOD THING TO DO FOR THE FANS 


Tom Daley is gay.... Didn't see that one coming  


 really looks like a "feel good holiday" movie, doesn't it?!  


Why do I have to work so many hours to make so little money? Living below the poverty line, working full-time, is soo great 


Now don't everyone text back at once. I can't handle a mass text message delivery.  


Wide awake at 3:30 am? Sure why not, I can surely get a lot accomplished right now. 


 "Honor Bound" indeed (   But then there's no honor among thieves, is there?


Love people who moan about cancelled seat reservations on an empty trains. 


Megna scratched, send him to Wilkes-Barre!  


    OMG!!! HEB at Tower Point has Smithwick's!!! Spread the word! Ha ha! 


And i dont get to watch the denver game.  


4:30 wake up call isn't complete without a speeding ticket and a 7:00 cross country (5 hour) flight  


when tripping and falling down onto a hard tile floor, remember to put all of your weight on one knee, it won't hurt at all  


Just payed 4.95 for microwave cheeseburger at Aberdeen train station  


Dear wake Forest.  Please don't try to take Dana holgerson as your next coach.  He's awesome!    


Work is just so peaceful today. Oh how I love having 1 bar table in 3 hours. 


 .... Wow!!Ang  Haba Ng Reply...... Plz Ang haba talaga  


I really love how my bus comes every half an hour 


You're gonna love unemployment!  RT  Congratulations to all the new Texas lawyers!  I should probably have put a  on there so others didn't think I was being serious. Oh well...


Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to me.    you just love being made to feel special :)  


I can understand why Sark is leaving for  I mean, those views of South Central LA are much nicer than his current office. 


Atheist commit less crimes than Christians...who would've thought 


Got an email from Michelle Obama this morning urging me to discuss health reform during the holidays!! THANKS MICHELLE 


People are just so nice it's overwhelming.  


I see my fantasy team is already out to a great start 


Here's what the POLAR VORTEX looks like from Little Rock    gotcha ;-)  I will continue to follow ..if you promise to continue to entertain me...


Every time I go to the bank I get a wonderful surprise. 


 next time I will make sure to use the hashtag 


Today will consist of cleaning house.  


But guys, Keith Yandle is a left-handed shooting defenseman! 


 Costa Rica is totally going to win the World Cup, you guys. Definitely... 


Tired of the bull crap I know you want to live my life for me but I'm sorry it's MY life for a reason!  


40 more cm of snow! Can only imagine how pleasant the normally docile drivers of the Avalon will be on Saturday.  


Thanks for skipping the anthem, NBCSN.  I really get tired of hearing it.  


Well my birthday is going to be fucking amazing...    


  in the  Championship is totally fresh and not at all expected 


   Having 'equal' workplaces really gets rid of exploitation. 


 haha rage took over. Thought ok thought it was all Dawson's thought 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Lucky you! You were able to have both worlds. Enjoy! I will gladly stay where I am.  


the only chip company in the world that doesn't sell 'Air'. Pringles  


Eli showing greatness against the chargers  


New Year's Wish 2014: The internet needs more blogs and articles on SDN. There is just not enough written about this subject. 


Yes, random man at Walmart... Following me around &amp; doing the peace sign with your tongue in the middle is gonna make me want you. 


This is definitely the way I want to see my team play with their backs against the wall  


No I didn't text you because I want you to respond. 


Roads are awesome. Great drive to work. Bus in ditch.  


Yay, everybody's on the "gay marriage" soap box again. Because I don't hear the same opinions from the same people enough already. 


Debt is Just Not Your Fault     


I find trusting and relying on others really hard.  


This little pup thinks she deserves a latt. No ma'am! No coffee after 9pm. You know the rules!     &amp;  - I'll make sure to sign off on your flex hours when I get to   - Remember counting PD hours?


 Thanks Richard! How'd you know I'd like this? 


Come on you lot, have a little faith in Hodgson's army, they could actually win the World Cup! 


Whoever just prank called me..hats off to you for making me feel like I was in middle school again. 


Oh, you don't have to show you care...I mean that's not one of the most important things while trying to start a relationship. 


I love how some people think they know me better then I do.  


Thanks, your contributions are soooo helpful. 


Nice effort tonight by the   Oh wait I shouldn't be talking I'm a  fan!


This gets better and better by the second. 


And women wonder why they're objectified all the time. 
 



Over-merchandised and over-hyped show might be going off air because a corporation sticks to its beliefs? How sad... 


It's 2014...yay...so excited...woo hoo...    


 banter on the football pitch.. not allowed Joey the FA will forbid it 3 match ban incoming 


Looking forward to seeing all the people I don't want to see drunk at the Venus tonight... 


 oh yeah remember when he put up 500 yds against Idaho  


Yay still 100% this year  good job guys keep it up. 


I love when my phone doesnt send my messages. 


 Jesus that's wicked interesting. Like you could either be right energetic or you might not want to do anything at all? 


Sometimes I wish I was petty. Y'all lovin that life seem so at peace. 


My dads so nice I hope one day my husband is like him  


Nice start for a        u ever have the urge to tell someone to shut the fuck up even when they arent talking ?      


O'hare is a freakin' zoo rn.... Also, ppl are really pleasant post and pre holiday season 


  do me a favor say "hi" to him while you at it  :3
Pro tip: don't put ' after being sarcastic.


 Oh go public Michelle. You know how much everyone loves a subtweet   


Resnet is really reliable   at the moment


 You haven't heard? I dropped out to become a rapper   


Mommy says if u want you life back u better get a freakin 4 flat next year.  I say : a'ah saya ni memang einstein thank u. Bhahaha 


What a great message for young women on   and   You embody and promote such high values. 


 Yes, there was only one story written at the time. 


 I'm sure my PC could handle it but yeah... thanks for the low res  port. 


 I suspect not. But I'm strong. I'll survive. Tough times like this, of unimaginable pain and loss, fuel my writing.  


Well today just gets better and better!  And to top it off, I forgot that I put my sheets in the wash.


Let's end this long day with a headache! Yeah! 


 I love how one day you blow my phone up then the next I barely get anything.   MY BOYFRIEND 


I really want to go to the bathroom but I don't wnat to miss anything.. 


On short yardage, using athleticism of athletic QB is so hard to defend. Of course, Mike Sherman knows this.   


  because I'm not being intentionally incorrect. 


 that's because you pay attention to detail 


Stuck in bad traffic on I-75 south of Atlanta. Good thing I am not missing any good football games. 


 the only wish worth wishing would be for a longer winter. 


HD on  shows Rado needs a shave. Hope he doesnt cut it too close tonight. [ 


 just getting in with all the anti cutler tweets. 


Too bad this   game is boring. There's no drama at all. Wonder if the beat writers can find something to write about. 


 From the looks of it, he has ALL the SWAG! Get to know em. Who knows, could be the one! 


Don't worry BYU FANS BYU does really well against backup QBs!!  


My Thanksgiving Break has been great so far... 


  great now bobby d. Can have Omar bobble head 10 times a yr    


So...basically... has been told to say "growth" or "growing" or some form of that in her comments.  


Anybody ever had food poisoning? Cause man it's so much fun. 


   I'm sure they will appreciate that 


Will smith in a movie which happens in a future and where the earth has destroyed, well thats something new from him!  stillloveu


  how could the concoct a storey out searching?  


Beach outing with thee school....JOY!     Bastille


So glad Rogers put Toure in to deal with crosses 


Can't wait to spend thanksgiving alone...  


 good thing u know how to spell bands 


I've been watching  movies all day... makes the day that more cheerful, wouldn't u think? 


 Oh! I can't wait to have recess duty today! 


Saaawaggg I have 200 followers.  

 

 




I love being ignored. It makes me feel so good about myself. 


Work is gonna be crazy tomorrow. It's a good thing a holiday is coming up  


Nothing beats being out of work    


Well... Let's just say he's definitely a class act.         Glee these days is just a tad depressing   


I always love when my train comes at 9.15 am if it's sheduled for 9.17 am  thanks now i'm Late -.-


 Omg can't believe I've never thought of that you are a genius 


Nike tracksuit, Liverpool shirt and a head scarf. Great look there love 


 just gotta love a cold start with a jeep..... 


It's nice to know my classmates wanted to hang out with me over their break 


Can't wait to tell you what a wonderful person you are!  


 at the   hate working away   college football great? Now we probably get Ohio State in the BCS championship game instead of Alabama or Auburn. 


So I'm back on the strong as fuck codeine hello hangover like side affect, oh how I've missed you.... 


 I bet they wouldn't get any stick walkin round their area in London dressed like that 


Alright boys up 4-1 to the penguins in the second lets just shut it down for a bit ....


That person did not seriously just ask if we live in the 18th Century. Yeah, we totally do with Bach and Mozart! 


Keep pretending like nothing happened and you'll def get far 


 so SNL is feeling guilty about never hiring a black female. This move should ease their conscience. 


That's just what I wanted to read when I woke up today 


 yeah. That global warming thing creates record lows 


If theory's of evolution were true, people would have stopped falling in love by now. 


 How dare you not pay complete strangers every bit of your attention while doing your job... 


You play boys like you play video games! Horribly. Oh snap. Burned. Just kidding. You play video games like a boss. Oops! 


 welcome to Twitter sepet. Make tht 34 tweets tu jadi 34 millions tweets. Haha 


Good morning everybody, now that everyone is awake. 




Breaking news! On  find out why racism is over:   


 dude you have to avoid the crazy traffic post game. 


lets make all uniforms the same with colorful digital interfaces., a multisport athlete wouldn't even have to change. 


Daniel Bryan won Superstar of the Year? ..whoo hoo!   


You guys are killing me. Of course he did. With Japanese girl, aha.  
isn't it stupid?


I have a shit load of homework, a music practicle exam to practice for and tests to study for... whoa life is great 


dad got a smartphone and I'm so very excited to show him how to use it 


The best part of my life is when I get to work 13.5 hour days..   


Can't wait to get back to my ice box of an apartment  


 fb doing their best to make sure  bb doesn't have biggest loss of the day. Always good to have ur brother's back. 


 yes... You're the ONLY ONE who thinks sarcasm is rude and pointless...  Lol sorry, I saw an opportunity lol :)


Our dance team is definitely the best in state 


Well this year has started off terrifically 


I love having an aunt that believes every newz story she reads on Facebook. 


Coach Pelini showing why every high school player in the country should want to play for him during his halftime interview. 


 Hahaha, sabi sayo eh Nakakalugmok yung News :( Happy New Year 


Everything was perfect about that drive for the Chiefs. You know, if you're not counting the pick in the end zone to end it. 


My mom &amp; bro left me a very encouraging voicemail thanks guys! 


Boy, oh boy! Phlegm sure makes a girl feel sexy. 


Yay i have an essay to write this weekend and im honored to be paying more than 80 dollars for an entry test  


Yes. I respond well to the finger wave while telling me what to do.  


I see Auburn has another quality SEC kicker... 


LOL at  crashing 30% in under an hour. Who's buying the dip, guys? 


 thanks for this  project, really making me a hero around home tonight 


Go Maple Leafs and Refs   Wings deserve to win this


Wow my week just keeps getting better and better ...  


As long as everyone around me gets to fall in love.. That's all that matters 

 MY language of love tt


Thank you to everyone who contributed to making my night fucking amazing!! Especially you mum n dad!   


Thank you Instagram and twitter for reminding me that it is a new year because I swear I would've forgotten. 


I only vacuum if it's converted into a backpack... Merry Christmas!    is just starting of great!    my humour always gets me into trouble  :) one day I will master it!!!


Yes, piss off the Horseman of Death because obviously that won't come back to haunt you later.  


   The Heat cry about something? I'm absolutely shocked! 


 my thoughts exactly. Who knew strength and speed were big factors in football?  


Roxkets kept letting Dirk have ball in middle of floor after switching P&amp;R. Obviously haven't seen Dirk do much work from there. 


 my favorite excuse is the bible nonsense. Pretty sure God wanted you to hate all gay people. 


Thank you for posting pictures of large amounts of water standing in your yard, because no one can see that it's rained all night! 


 Gee, that sure will rejuvenate Freeman Street. Move out,  while it's not too late! 


Everyone in my family loves crowds of people.  


  accepting responsibility." Really,is that article supposed to throw light or  ?
 3: May the writer


  lol I should have literally put that hashtag in there


If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you.




Problem: too lazy to get up ... Solution: just roll around   


This lady announcer doesn't love duke at all... 


 that sounds like  to me  


I punched jazzy in the nose in my sleep and now I have a black eye. haha I love life.  


1) Thanks  for refusing to stay modern and keeping everyone (literally) in the dark. 


Gee thanks parents for making me feel good when I'm left with no hopes or dreams  


It might be... RT  It would be so much nicer to have an outdoor stadium and spend 4 hours in 20 degree temperatures. 


 No,  I use google+ and myspace every day. We love chating with ourselfs &amp; facebook is to mainstream!! 


 You mean to tell me that you didn't watch the Little Caesars Pizza Bowl? How dare you... 


 Started my Christmas shopping today. Things are moving along swimmingly     superstar Toure Murry putting on a clinic.
 


I just love working at 8am on Saturday mornings when it's literally freezing outside. 


"I love you" - three most obscure entities in one sentence. 

  


My progress is just too overwhelming when it comes to projects. 


 buy your Super Bowl tickets now. Lions are finally gonna get that ring. 


Shout out to Mrs. Weldon for the best topic to write a persuasive paper on...



I almost went for fast food today but I remembered that I had super leftovers on my fridge.  


OK so it is windy here - there goes my good hair day. I'm going to be a windy mess by tonight. Perfect. 


What a great way to end my last day before I leave 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Scratch that... They are remodeling the apartment above me.  


Sing us a song, you're the piano man--sing us a song tonight. We're all in the mood for a melody, and you've got us feelin alright. 


looks like there;s alot of  going on with the  chat session


My mother bundled up for that awful winter storm this morning...  talonso23  is just so appealing to me.     Half Price Books  I need to stop crying long enough to go to work today... thank God it is only a 9 hour shift 


Last play of the half might have been the best I've seen all day  


Hiding in the curtains. So much fun for mommy and daddy   IKEA  I am so excited to work two open-close days in a row.  


So I wonder if this murder in Barberton will hit headlines as a racist act? 


Another FUN FILLED Day At The Warehouse!!      so excited to write my exams tomorrow. Especially my first one cause I LOVE stats.     assumed  was obvious. We can make a conspiracy theory out of anything, can't we?   


 Great pic!
Can't wait to see how the media spins this one.  


Movies ... Again with little sister ... HungerGames 2 last week ... Book Thief this weekend ...  ...  ...


Man this offense is SO deadly.   Seriously just fire Borges.


I love how the Christmas season brings out the best in people.  


You think the will talk about the case against Winston during the  game today ??? 


Bruce Weber out of TOs with plenty of time left. I've never seen that before  


 Not that many followers Davey. I wonder why? 


 aww thanks Blake:) you always know how to make me feel better:) 


Looks like its Romo's time to shine   


My FAVORITE part of EVERY Friday...    
At least it's a small shipment today...     it's reverse racism AND War on Christmas all in one story!   This immediately reminded me of "poop noodle." SO THANKS FOR THAT.  


Well there are some very optimistic people thinking about 2014...


 intense.. Very intense! However I hope the grasp that women's enthusiastic tone when I was on the phone 


Who need friends and social life when you got 2 doughnut and a mocha?    excited I have to go into work right now....ya not at all 


 they don't know Florida is gonna be underwater in a few year right? 


Today I'm thankful for helpful Facebook reminders.   off the tweet game for awhile now. It's time to get focused again and start filling in all my followers of my awesome life! 


 Of course..! imaginary arrows are just as dangerous as imaginary bullets... 


Platelet count is dropping again. Hurray.  


Not bad. :-)   RT  That really looked like a distinct kicking motion to me. 


 I need to stop crushing on people I'm never going to meet esa es la mejor parte. No conocerlas  


Nothing like catching up on a week's worth of work after a wonderful vacation. 


  great camera angle to access the decision in an un-bias way... 


Y'all are mad at Beyonce for being successful? AND y'all are mad at Michael Jordan for being successful?! Oh yeah. I get it! 


LOL thanks for making an effort to talk to me, I feel special 


It's Friday the 13th and I have my first Varsity Cheer game.....no I'm not nervous at all..... 


I just LOVE when people don't text back. It's amazing, I'm telling you   


Well the idiots are back on the road.... Yayyyy 


I'm not just a girl with feelings I'm a girl on FIRE:D  .. NO?


I love that when family visits they are quiet in the morning to allow the rest of us who don't wake at the crack of dawn to sleep. 


glad i just witnessed jason segels dick with my dad in the first scene of forgetting sarah marshall   


You know what's awesome? When Photoshop crashes while saving a new batch of brushes.  


The roads are icy guys make sure you drive safe don't make the same mistakes that I did and be wreckless   


 So black Americans still overwhelmingly support Obama. Gee I wonder why... 


Color me surprised the  r getting dominated.... 


   No.they would all be too old and therefore ineligible to play..   


My talent is      because I want to keep more followers than  


Love that the boys I watch text me when I'm not with them....    We start with another awe inspiring group number. 


No, I don't want a response, that's okay  


 labor is a very... um, open? situation. You'll have nurses &amp; doctors checking you every so often. It's way fun! 


In the next episode they will tell us that he isn't the baby daddy. 


I really enjoyed driving to work with gale force crosswinds 


There is seriously such a large amount of class going on in this house right now. I can hardly handle it.



Kung may hinahanap ka, ano ang hinahanap mo?  Ang nagtanong neto! Witty mo eh   sir , did you insinuate me ?
Because u said it right in front
of me . Vuqlah 


yeahhh akp mmg sgt laju kalau crita2 mcm ni.. no doubt it's akp! 


I guess I'll just sit here... By myself. Watching hockey and doing my nails. Great night. 


Hes a mix for your Thursday. Doesnt get much better than this   


At least that girl won young spoty award for a proper sport. 


I posted a few songs. None of them will play for you. That's awesome. 


Good job by Mike Wallace there not making any attempt to prevent that interception. Pay that man his money. 


Well that finished my day off nicely. Brilliant.  


I'd like to say thanks to Blatter..this idea for the Wc draws was very exciting 


 Yeah but he's  man, Tony's not.  


Michigan students have really rammed that student section for the Nebraska game 


  tweetnya Om Farhat nih lucu2 banget ya :3 


  thanks for the help. What great customer service! 


 Discipline has been a strong point for this team this season.  


 Don't they call that the MVP award?  


 Same here haha cant wait till i start properly working 


  I'm sure my  is proud of this    


Also gotta present it when we get back from break. That's gonna be fun.  


My parents are on to my plan of doing absolutely nothing in college and then just winging it when it comes to the MCATs...  


This year is ending sooo greatly....    


  wth is this? I have never seen this before. It always works I dont get it   2022 World Cup in Qatar not to be held in summer. Well that's going to cause uproar - once again, big well done to the FA 


" Sunday working. Dontchya just love it.......... Erm. No.  Twitter , silly pic Facebook busy lady ?


im so happy we are 2.1 down  and lucky not to have conceded a penalty , get in!!!! 


"When i train, I induce muscle confusion...it works for me, body isn't a textbook."


my sister's friend cousin's boyfriend's boss whose brother lives in London saw Kristen! 


What a role model  is! Inspiring so many young players out there with his sportsmanship  


The school parking lot was just great today  


The perfect Christmas present for everyone   great to know how well my tax dollars are being put to use with these wonderfully cleared roads. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You know, even though I didn't accept your friend request the first twelve times, by all means keep trying.  


Its just great when you know for a fact someone's lieing. 


Nothing finer that a bus ride to Toledo early in the morning.  


  i dont know its tiny. And that was  I dont feel sorry for them. Rocky flew out of Midway &amp; is already in FL.


 about time something happened today!    


 what, only text, calls and Skype?? That sounds terrible! 


Might have torn my meniscus.   


Oh thanks for that update with 32 seconds left  


John McCririck has lost his age discrimination case!! Both  &amp;  - 


  Mr. O judge someone? nooooo neverrrrrr!!!  


Thanks stranger for blowing cigarette smoke in my face. I really appreciate cancerous lungs... 


It's so great to be back on the road with the worlds smartest drivers.   


Lectures been canceled for this afternoon, brilliant.. 


Good thing i came on twitter or i wouldnt have known it was windy.... 


  I can't stand her either. She's a riot. x


 sometimes I forget how cool you are but thankfully there's twitter to remind me  


I have a dream... That one day... My girlfriend will make me a sandwich  


TSN's coverage of the World Juniors is so understated you almost wouldn't know there were any games on 


The Riigikogu's web stream found a very great time to be kaputt.  


Left my phone at home. Today should be a great day! 


I didn't just dance to we're all in this together    


 and  could learn 1 thing or 2 about singing from those 2:   


 it's about time the KKK starts including minorities in its ranks.  


 Idea for a tv show: police officers in New York Cityhey man me  n  take offense to ur  


What I like to call... 
SO... 
That's 


 why? You retweet all of his/her tweets!   


 bitch what you talking about.. we never stayed up all night ;) 


Whoa. Hey, headache. Glad to see you back again. 


Stop the wars? I mean really who wants world peace anyway? 


  a gentleman and a scholar indeed... 
At least change your bio.


  I'm just never gonna be as good or as cool as you, Destin.  


   Oh c'mon, guys. Jerry just wants to win n' stuff. He'll show everyone!   


Another project complete and all it took was a mere 19.5 hours over 5 consecutive days! Piece of cake!  


All I Do At School Is Watch All The Girls Pretend To Be Friends With Eachother 


"My phone's display screen is brighter than my future."
   


With December comes more cold mornings and days I'm totally looking forward to. 


I just loveee being volunteered to drive my Nana around on a Saturday night! 


My coworkers think that I am under the delusion that I drive a BMW. Apparently no one jokes around here... 


For everyone who hasn't checked twitter yet...it's snowing.  


Loved gettin ignored all day and love the immaturity of people! 



A must read.  RT  A brief history of the Lohan-Hilton blood feud   no it's fine, he's had a hard life too so it's ok if he bullies other people and tells them to kill themselves.   


I'm really good at clean, concise, and organized note-taking   that doesn't piss me off at all.   


 who is Bruce Springsteen? Never heard of him...  


 The mystery of the squares on my phone is worth ten times more than actually seeing emoji's    


If you're worried about our lack of snow, don't fret..we have more on the way tonight!     when babies don't share the blanket!! Lol    for running over and helping me tonight guys      


Working my first night shift tonight woo.  


 Wait, so you're telling me there's a chance that the NFL favored the Patriots over the Browns? This is unheard of. 


I do this thing now where I'm absolutely exhausted but I can't fall asleep. Its so fun 


Turn up for being to sick to go anywhere on New Years Eve 


 always just sittin around never do anything while I always work out   fun night of being hit on by drunk middle aged ladies  


Look out  and    (  )       


 yeah, someone driving a bus could easily be mistaken for someone who's not a bus driver.  


Oh my little bell is just all lit up with notifications. 


 Thanks for the ride back! Much appreciative! 


Made a small dent in it, now to hit the thatchers hard tonight!      glad you felt the need to do that right before this weekend.  


Oh no khabibulin is injured oh god "i really hope he's better by next period"  


Out of my mind. Be back in 5 minutes.   


" "   how exactly is it racism if ALL citizens are required to do this?" Lol 


Not enough options to play on my brand new WiiU right now! That's a shame    got screwed over yet again... Shocker of my life.. Not  


Oh look another follower. I guess I'm popular in some aspect.
  


 shares his  odds for a STACKED! field. Too bad its not the real championship event, right?  


I solemnly swear I will never drink alcohol again 


Finished an entire fanfic before bed. Because that's totally normal right?! 


Well, aren't you just a great big pile of unnecessary.     


  yeah...your two aren't related at ALL! 


ESPN seems to just mention in passing that bama lost last night...hmm that's odd. 


Throwback Thursday!..6:30 A.M. bus rides were just our fav!     is still lots of time left! mr. 4th. quarter will get it done! 30 points no problem!  


Thank god we went all the way to groton for that win!!!! 


 Worst football conference in America (


 what's better than being sick and laying in bed and being forever unnoticeable for justin lol 


  also, why are we having this conversation via the interwebs instead of text? 


Wide awake at 5 am and can't stop coughing.  


Thank heavens the Colts aren't reliant on one player anymore. 


Ya dad pick axing out ice great way to spend my day off  


" Hahahahaha and my day just gets better and better 


   whoa whoa weve been twitter followers for a few mos. Thats as good as friendship 


Coke snorting politician gets a year of supervised probationyeah ok that's totally reasonable. 


 : It is something which needs similar level of intelligence from the sender and receiver


walking to and from uni both me and  got beeped at &amp;shouted at by sum chavs in a white van   


oh no, that doesn't hurt at all, hearing it for the 3rd time... in the past month   


 Now now...officials don't make mistakes 


Damn I have so many options for who I should have my New Years kiss with tonight! Who should it be?! 


It's so relaxing just laying in the dark hearing all the commotion outside. Expecting a good sleep tonight!!  


Well, i was going to say something.. But nevermind.. This always happens  


I tweet a lot about my boy Barrack, but there are some things to be thankful for because of him!  like this!   if nothing else. WC should be discredited bc of Allen Dulles being on it. I'm sure he really wanted to solve it. 


Wow, really feeling ready for this performance tonight.  


I've already worked 22 hours this week, so obviously, I'm optimistic about my chances of "enjoying" Thanksgiving on Thursday. 


 My goodness, the  are horrible. Or are the Jets that good? 


 but he just doesn't fit Chip Kelly's offense!!! 


Saturday occupied with team meetings and Sunday with symposia. What a great   !!! 


Weather Channel has dubbed storm Hercules. Should $CMCSA buy The Legend of Hercules studio $LGF for promotional purposes?  


   ... "Obviously" Tyra needs to work on her free throws? She's at 0.00% for this game ...  ;-) 


So happy my moms nice to me and always says the sweetest things to me..ha 


Work is just as fun as it was this summer.. 


A window into special needs parenting vs ignorance       


I always LOVEE waking up in the middle of the night with a fever! Those hot&amp;cold flashes doe&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  


Oh goodie. ..now  coming up out of basement. ..


For some reason we're having another Christmas today. I just love houses full of people..... 


And that shows why Boyd is a perfect fit for the Browns.....  


 happy birthday Kirsty! Your wee pal is quite fresh this morning  


 I love it when people follow me and send me a DM then unfollow me X 


Having a cuppa like a loner before I go into work  


Omg I can't wait to see who's champ on Friday!! The anticipation is killing me   


So true! " So they say... "Never give up. Great things take time." Yeah, I'm sure. 


 too bad we passed on Marc for Fesenko!  


I love hypocrites more than anyone else in this world. 


The best thing about doing the night feeds is then doing the morning feeds. 


Party at          are going to hate. That's their job. Its a shame they dont get paid. Unless its an union thing. Ha 


They sound unique and so original, just like the Beatles. 


Wow cool technology  my car says it's 27 degrees and icy. I think Nissan should have taken it   store in the airport!?    Just you wait... I'll be bringing home a Canadian as well. So that'll add cultural diversity too. 


  great post for an awesome person and standout citizen 


I see the APA format has really improved.  


Happy Thanksgiving to all our international artists, customers &amp; followers 

   But who will teach them the Bible's rules about side hugs?!    


honestly its not dat cold its jus da moment dat big fat dick of wind beats da shit outta u dats a problem 


As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools
 


Sleeping through my alarms always let's me have the greatest of mornings 


 That is usually the goal of every goaltender ehh? 


" Wade to LeBron!   Yeah, he's not the greatest player in the game right now. 


I'm so excited to debate with my  family about the whole  debacle.   


Can't believe all this snow!! I mean, it's December!! 


 not something I'm willing to discuss on  /and thanks for the timely response 


Completely forgot to eat breakfast, and left my debit card at home...gonna be a good day. 


  missed 34 yd field goal. Otherwise, this game could have really gotten out of hand.....   


  is wrong This is what we get when we elect a President from  


 You need to be watching this  drama unfold. With Raanta shutout, there's no need to pay Crawford 


Perfect that's fantastic news!!    


Balfour will now  sign with the Yankees and save 100 games in the 2 year deal he signs.  


 is an Art !! 
And there very few good Artist in this field!!


Got my ass kicked today in fantasy league. Thanks for showing up brees 


Oh goody, Howard Webb "Friend To The Stars" is the ref for the  game 


Pretty much blizzard conditions here in town. I mean the ground is white.....in places.  


Instead of playoff talk, we now have questions, Martin/Incognito and sheer frustration. I love the  


 I wish I could read some of your  but I only speak   and  

P.s. a little Hawaiian too lol


Wow. We do awesome in regular season, but as soon as we get past that, we can't do shit!  


If you have to add  to your tweets, then you've missed the point


Soooo looks like I'm going to get admissions and tag for  tomorrow. Woohoo kinda fun  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


First comp of the season and i lost my voice.   


2nd Edition: An Average Joe's Guide to Common Sense       all for making air travel even more stressful! YES to cell phone calls on planes.  


Traffic In Gravesend town and asda was fun today 


   Rasa rindu bila awak hilang.. Hahah


 Hey, just turn on the TV and watch the yule log. They've probably got an app with the log by now. 


So much support from my "loved ones".....  


 your team is looking good tonight  


 I'm welcoming you to the zone. It's not that bad. 


  Who came up with that phrase, please raise your hand. I have a nice christmas gift coming your way 


   nah they're small them!  


Mom's forcing me inside the house tn   


Been feeling physically sick ALL day. Not going to sleep well I'm guessing either yay \o/ 


Snowstorm updated...channel 4 says we might get thunder snow tomorrow. Just lowered my defense readiness to DEFCON 2.  


have been working for the whole day.... what a terrific Sunday!! 


Living in the middle of nowhere has it's perks. Like not being able to afford the gas it takes to drive 45 minutes to school 


Having a blast at my first night at Nike  


 lost their 3rd basketball game this season. I guess its time to look for a new coach. 


     This is the  part..ready?


The best feeling in the world is when you thought you got an A on an exam and you really got a C+. 


 And I, your's. You know so much about football. 


Google may soon re-write your search query. |   Wait, what!?  


 Wow, another member of the Liberal media fawning over the new Pope (who is little more than Lenin in a dress)  


Tom Daley has "come out", didn't see that coming 


Here's the house. Simply dreadful. Couldn't PAY me to live here.   wait to talk about the Victoria's Secret fashion show tomorrow in psych   


So Honda joined AC Milan That was never gonna happen! So surpised!  


It's so weird that we have school tomorrow seeing how we only had 2 weeks off 


Seriously?! 2 weeks ago the "expectant mother" excuse would have worked... Happy. New. Year.   of the finest fragrance u can experience from  plz do visit silk board junction 2wards E-city side 


what? do I want a relationship? Oh no, I mean I've only been single for like 38472 years, I think I'm good. 


Buzzing to read this ....        I guess people miss the part where you're a pro-athlete or something. Totally fake...  you're great, man.


  Yes and followed by "equality for all".  Double dose 


Analizando         you need the appropriate  to really let us know ..


  did DenzilMW visit him yet? He cares about drivers, right? 


You know how I like to spend my lunch hour? Listening to complications of Chad Kroeger songs. Thx   


waking up to shooting leg cramps and back spasms ... don't mind if I do    


Emily is going to grow up and be a comedian because she is so funny.... 


If Anderson Silva was as tough as me he would have fought through it 


I have the best roommates in the whole wide world! 


 I made a.sandwich and that shit was badass. Cooked it just long enough 


 You just killed  in your tweet by mentioning (sarcasm intended) 


When you're sick you sleep all day and cough all night... I just LOVE being sick 


The Arsenal at home to Cov on a Friday night has got classic written all over it




I love having my entire body ache from being sick ..   


I can't believe how these NFL players use such foul language after a big play. Appalled. These are America's role models, no? Ha. 


Ask me anything about the Jets and I might know. All thanks to    


Yup. Im so upset that Im not spending $ on FB likes w/o an ROI plan. 


Cheers weather nice to know your on my side 


Nani=the next CR, Cleverley=the next scholes, Fellaini=the next keane.. :v me=the next Kim Kardashian bwahahahaha.. 


Yes, Katherine Jackson is money hungry because she wants those who were involved with Michael's death to be held responsible. 


All these people hating on  are just mad cuz our mayor is a gangster and theirs isn't! LOL    


I love getting a dose of lung cancer whenever I walk out of a building  


  I'm take frame-rate over resolution every time.   


 was that supposed to be funny? Cuz I laughed 


Hats off, once again, for the  video folks for putting together a great stream of MM's press conference.  


 it wasn't a compliment it was   Thot u might no the diffrence  


Love it that our best player has been turned into a blocker.  


wife is stuck at work for an indeterminate amount of time because nurses can't get there to relieve her. awesome.  


Oh Ray Kelly is stepping down from the NYPD? What a shame. 


They lied about this? How shocking  Email Exposes Bank Of Americas Social Media Spies   "  can't believe Arsenal fan are saying ozil sucks"


No, I haven't quit church! I am enjoying my second day of moving. 


I love not having power!     


UW-Whitewater is so generous around Christmas! They gave me 4 finals!  


Mike Shanahan got fired no one saw this one coming 



This is just great....i just love Mondays don't y'all? 


So Posh lost again... I am shocked considering we're such a good team! 


Hey now I've seen you post em..." Omg the sky"uploads sky pic" 


Tom just had a terrible joke
"Very clever Tom" - Grey 


   time to sit and relax before planning homework for 2marra love my job 


That's what 2014 needs, a bit of Jools Holland and boogywoogy on the piano. 


less than an hour until im 21. im gonna get fuckin crazy.  


 don't quit you haven't made it to the fun stuff yet!!   


 Everyone knows when you're in the SEC, you can recruit to the conference and not the actual school.  


 Did you not know it is your job to babysit all of twitter?    


Guess what today is?.... Part 2 of this movie. Get watch this one 6 times too!!!!   


Wow. Perks of Being a Wallflower is on Showtime. Surprise. 


You guyz..it's happening.
My  is spatting out like 


Maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight because I'm about to cry myself to sleep lolol 


 What about Seether's version? That's way better 


Awe thanks to everyone who visited me today 


How dare Stan Collymoore have the cheek to report racist abuse when he's minding his own business. He should just accept it right? 


Off to the second place.     hope everyone had an amazing fucking christmas 


Judging by the intense effort the hype man expends, his job is apparently quite important. 


Going to sleep mad at you is my favorite thing..... 


Oh you've been hurt before and you're scared to get hurt again? How old are you twelve? 


What a shit Christmas Eve. Can tell it's going to be a good Christmas.. 


My New Year's Eve is shaping up to be quite a thriller. 


 surely the bloke currently wearing number 5 will give it up for Benny Mac ? 


Good choice,   --&gt; Gator Bowl air charter canceled because of low interest:   via 


Working on this ' thing. Not sure if the last tweet displayed my grasp of the concept properly...


  Has your friend tried not being pregnant?!  


Oh boy another holiday season where I have to listen to such wonderful X-Mas music &amp; song covers at work. I'm so lucky!  


I love how my mum nags me that I run myself down because I stay so busy but when I have a break she volunteers me for something. 


   ya...cuz we have ppl walking into schools all the time with assault rifles...


OMG happy birthday BENNI MCCARTHY....One of our finest strickers if i may say so ;) ...... 


  "   really? How so. It's NOT illegal to not have a tag, only If you don't pay.


Just got my schedule for thanksgiving! Working Black Friday!  


You know the snow blowing all over me cleaning off the car was delightful 


 Yeah Godzilla baby! Who cares about original stories eh?  Why you not excited about a giant dragon?  


 not I, hence my  looks to be heating up.    


And man, I cannot believe how that movie glorified those people and how Scorsese was praising them! 


So apparently it's supposed to snow 2day in Cincy?..Wonder why there hasn't been any news coverage?  


 But, Nick, you might have missed 3 minutes of the    game and the 3-3 shots on net they have so far!!! 


People nowadays be having ol lady's/man , side bitches/niggas , and fuck-friends all at the same time.. And say they're faithful ! 


The waiting room in the hospital yesterday, was like the holding pen for the Jeramy Kyle show. Yay me 


watching Alan Carr chatty man.  what a load of dribble.  Money well spent on tv license 


   In the  Naaaaawwww. 


 for my kids that they always listen to me  


Me, Aoife and Emma looked so unreal walking around town today carrying cardboard boxes and bags full of baby products... 


  but we're definitely the only intelligent life. 


Girls just get more and more classy everyday.  


I feel completely useless to my friends. Glad I could help guys. Feels great. 


Just been told Im going to a photo shoot with my family today..Posing awkwardly whilst pretending to like each other? I CANT WAIT &lt;


 lol yes it's me who's not good enough?!!  


 Really quality captioning, guys. Truly. Stellar. (Clock says 9:06.)    just love me some   that personality alone.... 


  I don't have your education but I can say if they owned a home before those taxes they don't afterward 


Taking family Christmas card pictures never fails to bring us closer.... 


tO$U plays two tough teams and two losses. I AM SHOCKED!! 


So glad that drew Brees is my QB for fantasy...   


  Trust me I can't deal with u up close and personal in family relations


Yeah genos terrible when sid is healthy   


Gotta love having plans with your boys and then getting a once a year invite to go hunting in south Texas  


  I'm not surprised! Is  next?Merry Christmas! 


I need one more class to fill my schedule... Everything is full and I can't get into my language class... Loving college right now 


Urban dictionary pulls no punches       see that interception coming...   


LTE is working better than my home wifi. Thanks  and  


  sometimes that shit's ok! :-p what is their "vegan" challenger?


Oh. My. God. My phone is going to blow up because of all these texts, snapchats and DM's! 


Overruled,  ain't allowed to have a pick 6.  


Everyone's just being so nice and supportive lately. I can hardly stand it 


 Looking at pictures of cute animals makes you more productive.
Umm  It definitely just makes you look at MORE pics!


FORWARD! RT  Yeah, the whole dont mention ObamaCare so we can mythologically repeal it is a great message. 


    his hatred of women, thats ok? makes sense to me. 


Got selected 4 jury duty on the last day of the selection process. I have the greatest luck in the world. 


Since Calvin Johnson dropped a pass, Josh Gordon is better. 


Sorry about pressing your buttons. I was just trying to figure out which one shuts you the fuck up.     


Tom Daley is in a gay relationship. Wow, didn't see that coming. 


The beauty of having to share something that you really want 


Today 3/1/2014 is once in a life time day....guess what...this is the  day when paaji spoke  


Alarm is off so let's hit the ground running!    


 Insurers were thrown under the bus when  was a gleam in our  eye    


Wooaah there.. Dunno if twitter can handle all these insightful quotes.. You aspiring philosophers have too much wisdom for my TL.. 


Washing dishes on my last day of work. Oh so fun  at least I get to jam out    least I have the cricket later tonight to cheer me up! 


" It feels good not having to worry about doing homework over break.  !!


Oh great another Paranormal Activity.  


 oh good morning to you 2 no2. And how is  ray of sunshine?   


Nobody chose the Honda Ridgeline! Come one on guys!    


i love Ja Rule and his music yet I have no idea if his alive or dead Lol I'm obviously a true fan 


Safe to say I'm shocked newtown won. Really thought the  would have had more of an effect on the game  


If Ponder was playing the  would be winning this game! 


 are you flying   home? They are batting 1.000 with you... 


I actually follow back but remember my old name 

I LIE


As I have a DSLR now...and after watching people in FB with DSLR...it seems I need a "Wasim Akram's Photography" page now :v :p




 I think Driver Sahib feels that ab Bhatak Gaye hain- LOL 


Toss up between soft play or the butterfly farm today. You folks with no bairns are missing out. 


So, it is far more decent to be a bad tempered  alcoholic than a trans person... I love my city!  


I love when people spray alcohcol in my eyes. 


Great 3 points tonight &amp; 5 diff scorers always good. Not bad for a rubbish team with rubbish players :-) !!  


 It's SO GREAT. 

Well, the snow is...the driving is not.


 woahh dude thats crazy, im like doing the same thing! :0 lol what are the odds?? 


So glad I got to the transfer late so everyone on their buses could see my gorgeous pre show hair 


I honestly don't know how people can take me seriously sometimes.   


I love it when people tell me they saw something I posted and liked it, but didn't actually like or comment on it. 


 LOL how original Chan. Never heard that one before.   


 Chelli don't tell me to shut up. Without you I would have raced down the streets and drifted!  


Solomon Wilcotts couldn't be more excited for this Browns/Jags game. 


  well I'd prob dae Ronaldo as well, haha  


Flight canceled. Bummer. I have to miss the super cold weather for a few more days...   =]


I feel your pain :(  oooh how fab it is to be back to work today..


   Yes! Shocking coming from a Yale grad and President 


  sorry man, I thought you understood I was riffing on Dubya's ppl who blame the victims. 


 that Campus Choir didn't do the song of healing from Majora's Mask, but prayer of healing...  


  The new generation "retail investor " in his/her 20's and 30's could care less because it's "different this time". 


Never forget ur headphones to the gym! Listening to Star Ely is getting me pumped  


Ooh so glad I got that promoted tweet from Bud Light on my twitter feed. 


So glad I'm not stressed before my last final. 


 he must work so hard what exactly does a tm do? All u boys do is prance around on stage singing cos its so easy 


 did you know they went to the final four? I had no idea. 


wow Wheatley is the best teacher ever and she teaches so well. I'm learning soooo much in her class 


 so you fancy yourself as a cross between Sir Alan Sugar and Deborah Meaden?  


 think anyone from your team will be picked?  


It was dead 4 the longest time &amp; now its busy. Nice to see that people have awaken from their new year's eve hangovers.  


I love when people read my messages and don't reply. 


Gut wrenching feeling this morning. Good morning!  


A compilation of his music on the radio! Great! Thank you for remind me his existence  :/


Really enjoying this car ride thanks to  and  killing my legs today. 


Apparently a redneck in his 60's with a long beard who's a Christian said he thinks homosexuality is a sin. Shocking!



 Isn't Katherine writing down her feelings in a diary not the funiest thing?  what I definitely love!!


edileys staying at my house instead except she's ditching me for a guy. I have such great friends that love to hangout with me  


Everyone in Saudi drives like James Bond.  


Now that Christmas is going by. Next is New Years and wait for it... Valentines! Yay! -_-'   


Lovin Miami's "sellout crowd". What a great fan base 


Shoutout to Greyhound for taking the longest route and getting me to my destination nearly an hour late... You rock! 


We're having a heatwave...a tropical heatwave! It's 10 above right now.  


Jaguars are probably going win the rest of their games and win the Super Bowl ... 


I can already tell this first stop is going to be drama free...


. Don't you know its alright that they are millionaires cuz they use their money for good  


Congrats Niners on making the playoffs. Great job! 


Because tweeting nasty things on Christmas Eve is going to make your day so much better. I promise. 


wondering when is gary barlow headlining  ...ahhh no? 


 Dalvin? I'd rather have more DTs!.. You know, since I know more than the guy paid millions to coach and recruit. 


You don't know or you didn't even care till it's gone...    


Wow I wonder who will be Scott's next love interest? 


If the Bulls keep missing the Knocks may win the game....   


 Backpacks have pockets! Lol       


Yesterday i watched a set of four 'come dine with me' episodes and it was like one, big sarcastic thriller.   


No no people we can't be having snow we need school tomorrow because it's so fun and exciting!!! 


We're so motivated about life!    


Males getting defensive because there's someone out there who doesn't live to please them   


Have just spent the morning doing the Sort part of 5S. Can't wait to do the other 4 parts. 


With all my options for 24-hour news, im glad  is going to run movies. I mean, where else could I get March of the Penguins? 


    100% of the producers will tell ADM to forget it, so.... 


With the athletic physique on ref number 129 he is almost certain to keep up with play. 


Andy Dalton was a pro bowl snub.   2Pickzzzzz


No...today wasn't hard or anything. I didn't need you to talk to at all. Nope I'm fine 


   More worried about  bartenders, waitresses and waiters of Boston. Sorry I didn't specify! 


Lmao I can totally tell how much you care, no like seriously stop caring so much!   


Just keep going guys. The essay stress snapchats are not getting old at all. 


My always cheery boss is back from his days off. Looking forward to hearing his festive tales of joy and happiness. 


 Why not, he's one of the best in China. 


 can you say not a true NFL fan... Hmmm... Who should I cheer for Yankees or Red Sox? Love both... 


There's nothing better than taking directions from  in London with no phone battery between us.   


Happy Monday to me! My work computer is broken! 


Is anyone surprised that a good old southern country man of God doesn't support homosexuality. I for one am shocked  


Wait, so I don't think my Facebook /twitter feeds have informed me enough yet..... Who won the Sugar Bowl? 


First day back to work after a 2 1/2 week vacation... remember why I love this place  


There's no better feeling than realizing what you've been studying for the past 3 hours isn't on the exam  


Wow what a surprise that you are being a dick to me 


  its not his fault. The team is young. We are in the big 12. Iowa st be a aac champ  


Can't wait to see all the part time drinkers tonight 


 Who cares!! We're the niners we can do anything!!! 


Well,  new comments system hasn't minimized spam/scam like it was intended to do, in fact it's made it worse. Thanks. 


 Indeed. Would only be commissioned if they also were some kind of obese freaks with 10 stone testicles or something. 


   know the game. Didn't expect answers. I thought Twitter was where you spewed shit to noone? 


Lol- That aint that fakest thing I've ever heard  


 Collinsworth and  should have a show together. Ratings would blow up   


Only down 16-0 too.  RT  According to the  halftime show, the  played a good first half of football.


I just love when people don't text me back, really.  


Dealing with a power outage and now my phone is telling me my SIM card doesn't work on the Home network.Thanks   


  I'm offended by it. I can't stop staring. Obviously it's her fault and should change &gt;:) 


Cheating is the coolest thing ever. Throw away everything for nothing.  . Gross


We love rape.. sometimes we do that with our women and sometimes with humanity at large 


It's such a great feeling when your parent doesn't remotely support you and what you want to do with your life. 


Oh, this is going to be a fun night! I won't be getting much sleep, but it doesn't matter, right? Right! 


A show just came on the History Channel called "Swampsgiving". Making our country proud! 


 that missed PAT could come back to burn Northern Illinois. 


 angry...!!?? How is that!!??,he is one of the most kind and happy people in the planet...


Proud of going over 365 days without a girlfriend 


This. MT  It's a good thing  got rid of Marty English, cuz he was obviously the problem.  


My New Year's resolution is to eat healthier. Ha, I'm funny. ( What's your New Year's resolution?


so in the past three days i've lost my phone and my debit card... i've had a great weekend  


 No photos of  ?? Can't believe you missed them at   


Bought a new receiver , cant wait to hook up everything 


 hey thanks a lot for taking the eagles game off in the third quarter.   


I need a pot of tea and Netflix today. This day has just been wonderful. 


I just love how people think they know what happened too my brother, when my family isn't even sure yet.. 


It usually takes me 20 minutes to reply to every single message too. 


Can't wait to see the new round of rumors and tabloid narratives that start up again on Monday! 


Today has been an AWESOME day! How can it possibly get any better? 


Congrats  for popping up on  . Made it bro!!!  


I really hope someone posts another picture on social media of the weather/temperature. 


Long day now the long drive home then work all day tomorrow... Feel the excitement... Ohhh yeah yes.. I love work! 


School has one flag hanged.. Great national spirit  


Great play calling tonight on 3rd down, great defense as well for  


You listen to Pierce The Veil, Sleeping With Sirens and Bring Me The Horizon you are sooo metal. 


Hey  get to know   if you guys get matched up with  He's garanteed to have something to say. 


  How dare Pete go out and compete for recruits!!!! 


Eliminated from my knockout pool and the  season is pretty much done after teasing us for 4 weeks. Awesome football Sunday! 


We all thought KC was this good.   


Shockingly, nigga isn't a real word. Who knew?
     Zimmerman's jurors can pat themselves on the back for letting him walk, since he's such an upstanding citizen! 


A little odd that they have a answer card printed out in the time of a commercial   


I love people that put their significant others before their friends.  


Looks like just another day of staying home.  


Much better to see Gee shooting rather than Dion..... 


I'm so thankful for the time I've got to spend with  on his thanksgiving break...quality time!  


 Can you deny those goofs Buck &amp; Aikman from Fox press credentials?   


 called and asked for at least one 

  


 What novelty accounts? Thomas Jefferson is a real person...geez. 


No one ever knows what  is thinking, she always keeps her opinion to her herself 


1 1/2 hour meeting of changes for 2014 to better improve the office aka pointless jibberish of shit dat wont happen  


 Manziel is expected to announce decision on his football-playing future Wednesday.hmm wonder what it'll be...


 like a mofo! Yay!  ( BlindGeek's Man Cave)  God for  guys! Apparently he's the new hero of the world set to take over  legacy.   


Did some guy from Auburn make a good catch or something?? I can't tell from all the posts from my fellow tweeters. 


 150 miles and 8 quid for a friendly??
will you be running a coach? 


These  teams are sooooooo superior to  Their defenses are just wonderful!    


Haters are quite today today! " United get all the favourable decisions after all, right?  


Mom: hey, do you have a lighter?
Me: ya it's in my dresser right next to my weed -_-  



I move that food &amp; water are far more important than healthcare. Obama should nationalize food/water production so everybody eats! 


It's too bad we played such an easy schedule this year... Really hurting us  


Why all the  haters? I think he knows a little something about winning!!!! 


 No?  Well, then you probably should not see my most recent tweet regarding you and college scholarships.  


So super stoked about staying up all night for this final in the morning!!!     with Lamar millers awesome performance on MNF, is he worth picking up if he's available? 


Allegations of match fixing on football I can't believe it 


 Baba I know.. Just added some effect..  


Thanks  for holding my flight and possibly making me miss my connecting flight home! 


I love waking up sick on the day if my most important final  


Brazilian soccer federation is seeking Moroccan expertise in organizing World Cup soccer opening event   


No I dont wanna listen to Maroon 5s Sunday Morning  


Time to start shopping for our Christmas event...oh the joys of dress shopping. 


     I don't care for the name calling but yeppers 


Some days on twitter I think I need to use   


If Cardiff City were at home against Man U how come they had to wear red shirts? 


  oh yeah..climate change isn't real. Absolutely no evidence of climate change whatsoever. 


FYI - 2014 is the International Year of Farming and Crystallography (UN designated). Very useful fact! 


 "Your last blood test showed only 4 Red Blood Cells. We need to draw more blood to run more tests to find out why" 


Ending the year with Strep Throat, what a fun time     


Wake me up as soon as I fall asleep, thanks 


 family's house and it's so much fun.... 


So glad to know that finding the derivative is going to help me in nursing. 


Soup, 4 hours sleep then back to library what a wonderful life 


So pissed right now  I just got told not to come into work today..  


Oh what fun it is to attend the company meetings...... 


Apparently indirects are the new form of conversation. Why reply to a text message or pick up the phone when you can indirect. 


6 cops vs 1 unarmed teenager use taser. Fucking heroes  


   "well, we got bigger tv contracts this year... Maybe we can raise the ticket prices too". 


and Brian's back... wonder who saw that coming. 


Besides, if they kill off Derek who would the writers senselessly torture with angst?  


I love canada.             wow, you poor guy, you're missing cold gloomy rain in Ohio. Sucks to be you.  


that last offensive play by the Dolphins may have been the best punt ever! 


Off to work. Get in love work so much especially when it's freezing n wet. 


  still waiting for the promised engineer's phonecall at 21.55   


I just love driving 7 hours and then getting stuck in traffic   


So pleased to be back to the efficiency of  trains!  


I see you  Prince Fielder leaves the division so downgrading the starting rotation is a major move! 


It's really so fun sitting in the house for an hour then sitting the driveway in the car for another 1/2 hour just to go shopping.  


I love this time of year. Finally, it's The War on Christmas! the liberal inside of me just loves destroying Christmas  


Jaylie: "are his teeth fixed now?" 
Me: "no he still looks like that"
Jaylie: "NUH-UH"

   no Mr. Everett I wasn't thinking about eating lunch any way 


Did you know there's this secret thing in Adobe where you can rotate pages?!   


Man I can't wait till I get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow...


 You see Tina, it was a joke. Palmer said last week that he considered Auburn a two loss team. 


 sounds about right for a hundred years of water usage 


No fun by the sex pistols is definitely the best song they ever did    


  Had to be a mistake in the  School System of today 


I guess anyone would complain about being paid roughly $500K for courtside seats to watch the Knicks when they are this bad. 


Looking forward to seeing my grandparents with this hangover 


Royster can't get a yard...didn't see that coming  


Hey, at least the Leafs salvaged another point right?   


Thank you to the extremely helpful chap I spoke to at  that was until he disconnected my call 


Well time to suck it up n take these ass whippings we bout to hand to us, that first round pick dont look so bad right? 


Just returned from a beautiful run in the storm!  wet all the way through 


What a better way to spend this snowy day then driving a float in a parade! 


. "anyone have any glue sticks?" //  "sorry i left them with my crayons" 


I love how you tell me one thing and now people are coming over....... cool.  


I think they kept them under 500 yards on total defence! That's not bad! 


And diary of a mad black woman is also on, my dvr is going to be full tonight. 


Yay, going to the dentist next week to have fillings &amp; possibly a tooth out. I can't wait. 


 not to mention it adds a much needed third PF to go along with Boozer and Taj Gibson. 


"Beady-eyed Republican Idealogues"  Democrats keepin' it classy with that tolerant tone....  


Well  A. Cole finished with 11 tackles 1 sack in his 1st game, I think E. Henderson job is safe thanks to Frazier&amp;co   


  I refuse to let  do it... come on guys its not that hard 


Well damn that tweet just made my day so much better! 


   Come on, lots can change in an ath dept in the span of 4-5 days. 


Someday I will write a post on evaluating markets/companies like this, until then : read this   


I'm just glad to know I actually mean something. 


I won "most likely to be an old single cat lady" perks of being forever friendzoned. 


My life is about to get real interesting. 


Can't wait to take down all these Christmas decorations!!! 


You know it's Monday when one of your kids pees on you.  


Sensing  LOL MT:  BREAKING: Babies frequently spit up, cry. Probably don't need Nexium.  also Im really glad my phone autocorrects Genius Bar for me. 


Think the highlight of my weekend bar any surprise events tomorrow is going to be getting my old watch fixed.   


I just love feeling like I'm being ignored... best feeling ever! 


Excellent TV game scheduling by TV5     forecast said we could get up to 20 hours of continuous rain. That's great. 


Yes Sienna just kiss your own twin brother there..that aint half disturbing  Ewwww!  


I hope the zombies start with people who don't get  .


clean the condo and do laundry, or watch more  such tough decisions. 


buzzing need crutches for the next week or so 


 yes me and juan were doing that that the whole night 


I just looove when people ignore me. Honestly, my day would be ruined if I wasn't ignored.  


I don't even know if I wanna go to prom... I mean, with ALL these invites from gals, I don't know who to take..... 


Come on admit it, that last tweet about being more than just  news.....that was a good one right? 


Woo Hoo! I finally connected to  4G  from work. Got a 21.5Kbps download speed!    can't wait til after the new year when the RPAC and Jo are absolutely filled with resolution people 


Your freedom ends where my nose begins. Do not throw up your attitude in my mind.  


Todays been brilliant...best friend going out with my ex....spending my birthday alone...great day 


FUCards now  &amp; more! Stop in and ask by name ;)          my favourite grind is the concession grind.  


 Boy look at these defensive adjustments! Stoops and Co doing an awesome job. 


nothing better than crying children while waiting for the 1030 parade to start at MK. 


Dinner alone. Shopping alone. Watching tv alone.  Cleaning alone.  I just love living the single life-when I'm married.   


Know what I love doing after an hour long flight? Sitting on the Tarmac for another 45 mins. 


How lovely to get an important Christmas phonecall 


Sleeping for an hour and waking up wide awake is amazing.  


I loveeee when guys who are players play the blame game on girls. 


Yes i'm fine, just slipped and twisted my ankle here and there.. But thanks for asking anyway. 


Studying really gives me joy.. That's why my teachers never give me a break, because that would make me sad 


 glad to hear everyone is excited that  and I are coming home...  


Travelling into work with the very funny  


 you can be as firstly as you want. Don't call me that you know I like it too much..   


Just like Mao Zedong, Shawn Thornton did nothing wrong     


Thanks  for the 13 click "unsubscribe instantly" option!     so you want to be able to judge him by something he has no control over and actually has to coach for...cool by me 


Did Moyes miss a payment for Howard Webb or something? 


 will never change, so you might as well skip  &amp; relax at home watching Laser Discs.   that's cool. I didn't really wanna hangout anyway. 


  we will never watch the notebook

I don't understand why guys don't like click flicks  


Spending Again,  Lure Curtis Granderson  ~ Now let's sign  ( ~


The fact that my Wi-Fi's not working is just fantastic. 


 Indeed.  As carer for 3 disabled ppl, with self employed husband, and studying, I am rightly put in place again.... 


Who's currently watching brain damaged, loaded with steroids, overpaid athletes?  


My arms hurt from the serious physical work out I did last night 


"  you looked like you were having fun tonight!  Tough one tonight.


I LOVE stress-filled nothing got accomplished work days  


Apparently the USA soccer team got a rough draw for the World Cup. I am heartbroken. 


Staying in to babysit a frozen pipe/ burst risk tonight...Man, do I love the winter! 


According to Twitter everyone's year is starting off great right? 


Wow.. all day you have really been making me feel better. Thanks. 


Really glad I decided to play Welker over Antonio Brown.  


 But- but- doesn't the internet understand everything?! 


Awesome. I have practice on New Year's Day at 8 am. Can't wait. 


I'm just fucking loving all the rude comments that are coming out of your mouth today.. 


and of course. OF COURSE. DET/PIT total FLIES over. Not even close. Did I play it? of course not. 


Tonite=company "Holiday" party (hmm...no other themes but X-mas) We are closing at 2. Party starts at 7. Only 5 hrs 2 get ready!? 


Oh my goddddddd it's snowing.  tweet. Proceed with your evening 


Oh I can't wait until football becomes two hand touch..  


Very original Nike, reflective boots. Good job. And those colored Premier? Genius.    


Im so glad i had the flu jab! Yes   ill as n the fact i missed  at  last night bcoz of it is making me 


  maybe there's another un aired episode  where brit dumped her...  hahahaha


Yeah!! RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


Started today off great! Today is going to be awesome!  


 How will u ever cope??  Flip that stuff is awesome! Great way to start 2014!


After that wonderful adventure on the metro I'm finally home 


9 am dentist. Great way to begin first full day at home 


 Is that suppose to be a dev pickup line? 


The Knicks have won two in a row, they are back baby    


No comeback or response? That's what I thought...     


 using talent and pleasure while tweeting about   


Ooooooo~ tribal patterns, cats, triangles, pizza, galaxies, and Helvetica make you so cool. 


Can't wait for you all to post pics of your Christmas trees.. Dying to see how they all look   


Thank you, ticketmaster, for the email alert that the Ja Rule tickets are on sale!





Sat maybe 5 tables away for 30 seconds then left. So ya I guess you can say I was with her 


School tomorrow ... And I get to stay after for a council meeting??  Heck yeah!!  


5 more days till I get to see my favorite place. 


gets to spend the day with my grandma tomorrow learning about doing her taxes. yay.  


Groveling lol RT No no no... I'm 100% behind you!  RT KristyLabonte:  Wow. So you really are an asshole


 how dare you wear a normal amount of clothing that covers your body so you don't freeze. The nerve!!! 


"If One Day The Speed Kill Me, Don't Cry, Because I Died Smiling" - Paul Walker! And Then Paul Walker Died... Destiny's 


I love how I have no say on my senior photos or my open house. I especially love how ur not letting me voice my opinions  


Relief for residents of  compound after Supreme Court's stay on demolition. Hail rule of law... 


 is the biggest Bama-hating Bammer I've ever heard on the radio.  


Target sale: Buy 2 PS4 games, get 1 free. Then you'll have the full set of  titles!   the ladies are all me tonight about the Julie Andrews classics 


Matt Flynn is loosening up the ole cannon.  


 "Happy ?" Yes im happy, now my child will eat less, I will eat less and my family will never see me again.."Happy" fosho 


I love it when people don't respond to my snapchats 


"You're just so... capable!" -most romantic line in this flick. Amazing.  


I don't think that goal will count. It wasn't kicked in 


Man this is a popping party in my room. Like everyone is here.   heard of this Emeli Sande before but I think she might make it big one day.   


yeah you're attractive. in like this super trashy hooker kinda way. 


I'm just gunna go on tumblr look a Destiel shit, cry &amp; remember we were once a happy family.. HA!  


Insert complaints of aches and pains today...    


Sliders is very family friendly with the music  


LT:That happens like twice a century! I mean always! 


MKs Herzog,  Lavi, and  left. Thanks for stopping by, guys!  


Denali dogs got it rough. 

Whose house is this anyways?     are the kids reading Ben's stuff again   for PM


And this day just keeps on getting better and better!   


May Unit Test part 2 pa pala sa Math, tapos yung Trata sa Filipino! Tapos YUNG TLE! Woot woot! 


 is that play going to be on the segment?  


I love how we can go from actually being happy, to fighting in approximately .025 seconds. 


Oh you want us to chop some wood? Sure why not, I chop wood all the time....    lol


in a great mood from all them text blowin up meh phone 


yay!!! my cable box is shot!!!!! and they dont have the same model in stock!!!!  yay!!!!!  lol


Dhoom 3 impressed me.........No wait, Thats sarcasm  


  Should I be worried about Bill Snyder leaving for UT job? 


Wow, WWE Creative have TOTALLY stepped up their game in the last few months since we stopped watching ....  


Its a well known fact that if you have a boy in your top 3 friends on snapchat something is going on! :)))  


I seriously hate people. Man, you're so funny for just standing there. 


Walking Dead Mid-Season Finale. Hope it doesn't move too fast  


 yeah, having your own showers, you wasteful cow! 


My niece just said her chicken chicken to her cat then made a cow sound... I'm glad she knows her animals 


Guest visits your place. Guest: Do you have a bathroom? Me: No, we just go in the back yard!   


 your employees are impeccable at answering the phone! 


 lol lucky me. I think I definitely have the better option. 


I can't contain the excitement I have to be stuck in charleston all week by myself. 


 to my younger self!!! I was so tan as a child...     Ridley is benched does he bench Brady too? 


Yep, apparently Twitter is my Las Vegas and I've taken a residency on here this year...    


 Suspect the Liberals define middle class as that class to which their target voters assume they belong  


Buffalo's John Scott just scored against the  Wonder if we'll see that goal on Coach's Corner. 


Can't sleep! Yay! I just love when it's full moon.       


 yeah, because Wallace has the same team they had the past two years  


Yanno you've got a good weekend ahead when you've slept for 3 hours 


Surgery tomorrow and getting x-rays done after the wreck. This is going to be fun. 


The Browns deserve the new stadium improvements with the way they are playing.  


Maybe I should go c her tonight... But all she wants from me is SEX, I feel used !!!




 sounds to me somebody has created a Jesus that doesn't come from the bible...and that never happens 


In response to the  the  should go indoors MISL-style, orange ball and all.  


Guys, ICYMI, did you hear? Tony Allen is suspended 1 gm for his Mortal Combat Kung Fu Roundhouse Karate Kick to Chris Paul's face. 


I love this informative dialog when using the Copy Invoice button in  online invoicing!
   oh he must not have been aware of the don't drink after people or leave ur drink unattended rule. Poor kid. 


Sportsnet sens hockey...fearless and then 30 seconds of them gooning  Hilarious. Inspirational tv there sensnet.  


it's just so great that my neighbors r having a super loud christmas party right now. not like some people wanna sleep or anything 


It only took me 2 hours of freaking out to figure out that I already knew the last 4 lessons of quadratic equations 


Fantastic video from Australia  10 Good Reasons Not To Join A Trade Union    is a guy on my bus just wearing a t-shirt! I know what you are thinking, and I agree, he's really cool!   


Way to start it off right Bo    


The alarm sound on your phone....... Oh how I've missed hearing you    


Im glad we get to watch the Rams rather than the Bears. 


A big thanks to highways agency for the warning about M62 closure.  . 100m in half an hour so far. Grrr


Happiness is working in the midst of construction. 


 Not when you cut it off! Thankyou very much..


There goes our perfect season. Oh well.  


I love people who over do it with hashtags           


I can now tell that it's a Flo Rida song by sound thank you  


the NFL Referee's Association is fighting back against the judgment passed upon Roy Ellison, litigation is beautiful isn't it 


I'm thankful for my Facebook timeline being filled with humble brags all month long.  


Oh no! Time is running out to sign up for  Get in or forever be unpatriotic 


 Weather forecast, 100% correct.  yep. That's correct ( there lol)  :-)


Here's the Florida weather I know and love  


  next youll say is we need Van Control, too? 


Early Christmas gift! Just what I wanted, thanks dad.   sure whom you'd remove, but too bad Jeffery didn't make Pro Bowl. In time..&amp; can't believe NO  made it on defense! 


I'm so pleased that NZ have taken off dan carter to ensure he is rested for next weeks game against us!  


good thing I'm persistent as fuck. cause I love wasting all this time on you 


 hahahaha!! Yea he does do well considering he's always in his own half, but I think downings consistency is top drawer 


" It's so much fun not texting anybody. :)  text me babe


 qb coach at BSU, was qb at OSU when Erickson was there. Responsible for the overwhelming development of Southwick 


Love it when  eats all your chocolate fingers 


Oh no, I guess I HAVE to stay home and write this paper while drinking apple cider  


Oh noooo someone brought a tuna sandwich on the plane. The smell is HORRID can't wait to spend the next four hours on this plane 


I remember when I had something to do on a Saturday night  


Runcorn bridge. One of my favourite places to sit in a car.  


 let's get serious &amp; ban twitter. It's letting atheists become an organised group w/ terrorism in sight.  


A defensive clinic going on right now in San Jose between Fresno St &amp; SJSU 


 ohhh date for cock sukage!! Where were u! U hate a night out 


What?! Iran announced today they're enriching Uranium 4 nuclear weapons not for nuclear power? Never predicted that 


I hate chasing ducks. glad its an every night thing now. 


I love it when my entire family leaves without telling me and no one answers their phones  


" So happy that the weather is keeping me trapped inside my house and has ruined my plans for today    soml


I like how hubs doesnt talk the entire game. Then says at the end, thats not a safety, thats a touchdown.  


 Thanks  I'm going to feel greeeaaattt tomorrow...  thank y'all for comin out both nights! Love ya!


Good job Gerry, I mean Larry. You brought the pizzas!  


 omg I'm like addicted I don't know what to do.... 


 
Friend: Have you read Shakespeare ??? 
ME: No Dude, Who was the writer ?!!  
Friend: 


  great to see  promoting smoking. Nice and healthy! 


 I love pain trade   That said I'd much rather be in the trade rather than waiting for the perfect setup


  yes, $msft does well buying has beens and not growth so must be right 


Gonna head down to the strip in a couple hours to hang out with my friend Scott &amp; cause trouble. Something new &amp; different for me. 


 But he's not an Easdale so that makes it all ok ..sigh 


Oh yay....we get to hear Troy Aikman for our game today  


I feel bad for chud.  I am torn on the decision.  Does this mean we will go to west coast offense and 4-3 D?   


I like how I'm not even allowed to see my mom 


I love when people start the conversation but won't text back 


Proper looking forward to this shift at work   


Everyones all like "thanksgiving break!" and Im all like "yeah Id rather be studying this patho, assessment and making a care map" 


Ma mom doe!! I swear a tractor cud run ova her right now an all i' do is laff 


it never gets old this feeling of being total inadequate because of my sex and my desire to serve God's church 


I know, I am a total genius, nobody has made these arguments before me 


My politics essay only took me 6 hours, no bad  


Fuck me have to walk all the way to the library in this snow    to my mom for not having the heat on hell the day we actually need it.



 lawn darts are a domestic danger to all and should not be mocked for a quick laugh! 


 you're so vain... You really think this tweet is about you, you're so vain! ;) 


I'm not sarcastic, i'm just intelligent beyond your understanding.   


Hey Jimbo Fisher if one more player gets injured.    today wonderful       massively important game tonight...  


All us Knicks fans are going to look stupid when Chris Smith pulls a Jeremy Lin &amp; saves the season 


  about time you got it out. Slacker. 




Ah the good ole days.  RT " Ad for Lane Braynt's "Chubby Sizes", 1950's  I love coming home to no power!!!  


 "I am sure Lebron could have caught and held the ball for that kick" --ESPN 


While my mom was  my hair black she got some on her nose.  her spotless   


Please accept my apology ahead of the time in case I insult you.  Kidding,  you!    


I started off my day with 10% battery on my phone..haven't charged it since and I'm only down to 9%. Clearly I use my phone a lot. 


 good morning to my newest follower!! Best decision of your life!! 


 really? U mean ur not talking to just me?! Haha  it's all gooood lol u can speak w my agent about photoshoot 


Coca-Cola Designed Its New Can Around A Problem No One Has By   via   


I love it when you get a good text convo going 


And the  prove once again that  is  


Yeah, two years and $20 mil. for Bartolo Colon at 40 years old coming off PED suspicion sounds like a great idea for the  


Wait, why didn't anyone tell me it was so cold out today?? I had no idea!!  


Just a few days of notes left to review! Then...re-review!  


 how about 1c. Marty shotenheimer he hasn't coached in a while would be great fit! 


Well that made me feel so much better about myself!! 


 lol what made you think that? The 0 bench points? That stat is misleading  lol


And the refs try to help Columbus add to their lead with two back to back terrible calls     


It killed me when I looked at GC fans and saw Peabody students in there student section. Thanks for support y'all! 


I just love being home and everyone getting mad at me for no reason at all. 


Its really a great feeling to have a lot of trees around your house while the wind is super strong... 


So excited to see everyone's semester grades! 


 An OSU fan would NEVER try to cause trouble for a Michigan football star, especially one headed for the NFL 


 was  best performance.  


Good job inviting your father to your wedding, Linda.  


I get to miss the Walking Dead tonight, yay!! 


 lol..Sorry I liked the other way ..better! 


hahaha bisa bisa bisaa!" Are you sure when you alone nobody can't hurt you? Your mind still hurt yourself 


Lol love coming home and having reheated supper 


Relatives: Beta tum aastik ho ya naastik? Me: Sarcastic :P


Love how ppl stop communicating once they get what they want from you. 


Both sides of my family falling apart right before the holiday season? This next month sure will be fun 


Don't you just love it when your parents forget to pick you up?!? I love it! 


Looks like its gonna be a great ending to 2013 


Let me tell you, the sound of someone sucking their snot back into their brain is just so beautiful.  


Government worksheet AND a whole physics lab report done. It's about time. . .  


We have an awful fan base.. RT  The devils have no fans  you can ignore me like you always do...it's no big deal.  


Flying to Detroit with the future POTUS in 2016, my guy T-Paw.  


So glad to see you are making good life choices... 


Why is everyone "turning up" everything? I get that it's cold but, c'mon it's kind of common sense.   


Ok so i guess I have to move to a different FLOOR in my house cause the ol' sister is coming to visit for A WEEK.   


Oh yeah seeing that makes me feel so good about myself 


You yanks can keep your snow, we don't want it, especially when it's just going to turn to rain before it gets here!   


Don't ya just love it when the rain soaks you so much your jeans stick to your legs?    


  beautiful 40 degrees and cloudy!     Ill try to bring warm weather back with me!


 RT  How are the Cavs going to split the Deng-Bennett minutes though?


I guess with all those championships Reid won with the Eagles he thinks this is the right way to go. 


I'm sure coaching's best and brightest will be falling all over themselves to get that job.    


 Yeah! Great pickup! We are gonna do damage next year!   


Is it just me, or does Morgan Steward have a great future on Special Teams?  


Phew, The Salvation Army isn't anti-LGBTQ, says The Salvation Army. No need to hear from the LGBTQ community directly on this then. 


At least it's nice a cheap to go and watch  these day! Just 200 for 2 tickets for the Chelsea game 


 And nominating such ppl adds dignity to PM's office. 


Yass cutler please throw another interception  


I'm so excited to ring in the New Years with big show in a baby diaper yaaaay!!!  


MMA tomorrow,  Cheerleading &amp; work Friday. My life is awesome 


Hey, look, it's warming up. :-P      uh yes I knew that so u didn't have to tell me I already knew that   


This Trevor Knight dude...may be something in college football one day. Just a hunch 


I love when old people are still stuck in the conservative, old days they lived in. 


if  is jus a ice ball n not a planet then  is jus a island not a continent 


I like how  likes my pics on Instagram but won't reply to my texts 


  is awesome coz i slept at 7:30 and i woke up after its done.   sucks...


It was fun watching the thermometer in my car go from +18 Celcius and plummet down to -26 Celcius when I left the garage this a.m. 


Temple... Really clutch D at the end there!!  Oh well. Entertaining game


 the boux avenue advert is how I imagine our Xmas will be!!  totally fits our earlier convo xx


All my friends have so many stories about guys who want them and then I'm just like yeah same 


Glad this sleeping medicine had zero affect on me. 


Some awesome ways to start a new year!  Yesterday a scratch, today a burn!    yeah I'm just gonna vanish when I get a favorite.  in case you couldn't figure it out.


Getting home at 3:30 from work.... today was such a wonderful day...  


Everyone is going out tonight... There's me movies and popcorn  


 You tweet too damn much!    


BREAKING NEWS: The Browns enter the off season in yet another state of proverbial dysfunction!!! 


Thamk you joey for leaving my bunk bed with no covers I appreciate that 


And possibly the baby was eaten. Thanks Facebook! 


That's what marriage "experts" recommend, right? "Why do you need another stupid game?" "OH YEAH WELL YOU JUST BOUGHT A PURSE!" ;-) 


Thanks hot97.1, I really want to hear the same line of every song repeated 18 times.   


 Now that obrien has moved on we can get back to what's important: getting those names off the jerseys!! 


Ooooooh, mums nearly home. Brace yourself for the arguments!! So excited and looking forward to this! 


So happy its monday and to be back to work! 


I love how  is always on time for the gym. 


Official coms from  about MC Vergelegen floods not even mention  and hardworking medic's  


Maybe ill be cooler if I post a bunch of pictures about being drunk and drinking? Surely that'll work.    


Isn't it amazing how, when using the internet, everyone suddenly becomes a genius and an expert on everything?! 


 I know man me neither I'm anxious to find out ! Imagine it's sacre !  


You can answer her but not me.. 
As if I wasn't feeling bad enough thanks.  


bitchy vs. nice. hmmmm I wonder what gets better results w/ ppl???? 


" Yeah not texting back is probably the best thing to do when you care about someone 


  good business techniques right there 


 He gives hope for all undrafted Rutgers players to have a shot at making a team... 


industrialized mass murder... well that just sounds swell :D 


 They should invent a shock keyboard. If you removed your fingers from the vicinity, you get a small elec. shock. 


 What? I thought we only had to get to the top of the rankings? We need an ROI? Oh...too much, you're asking too much. LOL 


What and when are these "finals" that everybody keeps talking about? 


 more draconian BS laws put in place only to create revenue... What a surprise 


Too bad they couldn't get someone more attractive to play Sherlock in this film.   


 isn't it sweet how tolerant the left is? 


This day just keeps getting better   I can I please go home, have a good cry and wake up on thanksgiving?


Brilliant pre match build up by  not at all one sided  


Nice to see the temperature is a single digit this morning. 


Getting told you won't succeed because you don't try because your scared to be successful that always makes me feel good! 


i want a job at the      


Almost forgot that i have to dress up for the game tmrw....yay! 



Damn, now DA is tackling dudes?? Nuts. RT    No way!! DA got TP injured and forced him to throw those 10 picks. 


 the Weidman! He  bubba. The SIlva washed-up pickle dick jabroni!   


Dion waiters? Just what the knicks need...another guard  lolol where's the size...


 just to be clear, I HAVENT been stalking you for the last 30 minutes. 


Oh, exactly what the  wanted, to have their defense start on the field in overtime. 


Planning out the schedule for the rest of my day &amp; its looking pretty busy 


Don't you just love to wake up to 195 texts for   


I'm so checked out. This is just fantastic. 


 that is the classiest thing I've ever seen.. 


Exciting New Years Eve in this house.     And I trust Donald Trump over scientist! :/ 


My family is made up of a bunch of future NCAA football coaches.  


  lol I would have never guessed....   


The streetcar is halted? That is so shocking when you consider how progressive Cincinnati is  


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                 


  but then the anti-GMOs would get involved 


How you know it's gonna be a good day...    wow, i can't wait to hear all about it 


Great way to start the year.   


Worst Bx31 experience yet ... of course it's when I'm heading to the airport with bags and it's freezing. Gotta love the Bronx! 


Really  lol    Hard to believe Pouliots been on five teams since 2010.


 ...The shock is overwhelming me.  


In an unexpected turn of events, Yasser Borhamy says it's haram to wish  a Merry Christmas. 


I kinda miss getting my education...   


And my big plans for tonight would be going to the library. Oh joy.  


Thanks so much for wishing me a happy new year 


Thanks, windows. How did you know now was exactly the right time to install 20 updates? 


It's cool, I didn't feel like sleeping tonight. 


 wait a minute.. I just checked out the window.. there are not. 


OMG I'm so thankful that in learning how to graph quadratic equations because that's going to be so useful in life 


Totally ready to show my nasty ass dark circles beneath my eyes later today.  


How many players/coaches have wanted to yell at Pierre Mcquire? Wow. What great questions!!   


Yes mom, I'd love to get up at 8am on my break and scoop the the snow off the driveway in the freezing ass cold. 


Here in Central Pa. it is -1 and feels like -20. Thanks global warming. 


I love my life. It's the best. I just can't wait to go to the boys and girls club. Ohhhh wait. 


 Wow, Marv Albert's hair looks so good, so natural! 


Whew, long day! Bed before 10 oughta help, even if that's lame.  


 yes you did. then you tweeted it again sayin " I commented on the one before that.


75 minutes before puck drop and gates aren't open. Great service   


 love finding out that 2 flights have gone out from pia to den while I have been stuck since Jan 2.  


   you mean sucking chemicals into my lungs is bad??  They should have to put a warning on the box or sumthin 


I just love taking my kids everywhere I go.  I feel like I'm in a dad-gum  movie every time. 


 oh shit I totally hate when other people are happy.  How bout you not put words in my mouth.


  What are you talking about? This is  


 the club with the best name EVER. The RedBlacks of course... 


Awesome, weather updated to 15+ inches for us on the coast.  


 they are very proffesional when suing the minors 


In reply to last tweet:   for once thankful for back up credit card


Good thing that cough candy helped my throat for a whole 10 minutes...  


  " 'Literally' argue this daily 'practically'". Are you sure English is your first language?  


Selena Gomez looking as skimpy as Miley Cyrus.... 


You seem reight disapointed that you can't see me this weekend... 


Blech! MT  Isn't football great? Now we probably get Ohio St in the BCS championship instead of Alabama or Auburn. 


Yes cause of all the places   can go watch Believe,he'll definitely come to coldest place in america &amp; how fun it is 


 But they are the  Defense in the league!!!!  


Oh how I excited I am to close tonight!   


Learning about ancient Egypt in archaeology.... Yey    reason i mite hav a kid cuz my tongue needed a break so i used sumtin else dat gets stiff   


 How DARE you guys protect yourselves!  


 are you serious right now? You DETEST middle parts.  


All roads to the sea side and surrounding areas being closed in Karachi!   


The only days that this train is delayed is the days I have assignments to do   


I love listening to coon tunes at a country party....


Funny how everyone's talking about how it's 2014....tech where I live I'm still in 2013 ...whoa  


I come from a long line of smartasses    getting stuck in a two hour traffic jam on a 20 hour journey to the alpes 


  oh yeah, speedy, Tony and Jamal means absolutely nothing 


 stay hydrated during this stretch of global warming Rob drink alot  of liquids 


Of course our involvement in Afghanistan has NOTHING to do with this  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


i dont make new years resolutions because you cant improve perfection ()  


Wow moms been in a amazing mood the past week  


Pierre should talk about Keith some more tonight...



   clay you are so cool! I wanna be just like you when I grow up!! 


Cliff Drysdale supports gun control!   


Closing at a grocery store the night before thanksgiving is such a blast   


Packed house at the Highlight Factory!!   


Reading about archaeology is possibly one of the most exciting things in the world.   


That's just great.....nothing says Merry Christmas like gunshots right?!  I hate where I live, I hate Chicago, well I'm over Chicago


 need a verbal from this kid!   Meet the 400lb high school RB   big thanks to whomever in this house decided to mess with the water while I was showering.  


What new promotion will kfc introduce today, hopefully another awkward box meal? 


Yay I'm just soo excited to be back in below 0 degree weather 


Only been up a half hour and today's just fantastic 


 thanks Brendan that makes me feel great lol 


Im about to study for a midterm I have at 9:30 because I just finished all my assignments  


 all of our amazing prospects who are just waiting to bust out with 50 HR, 150 RBI seasons of course! 


 Robbie didn't score 7 goals today.  Very upset 


Staying up for the ashes tonight!!!   


Great way to start the morning!' Cramps nd babysitting!' Yay!' :D 


 ? Please remember the  just incase anyone thought that last tweet was serious


Joe Flacco getting sacked... Like an elite quarterback .....   


 Good to know the US got a good group in the World Cup drawl  


 isnt ur dad a ceo or something??all u get to do is see him do paperwork...thats pretty fun 


  Technically "piece" is spelled correctly. 


Tomorrow is going to be so busy for me  


 but I'm a little girl who wants to stay warm.... :'(   


Everybody knows that Santa is white, same as Jesus!  


I love having to watch the game on my computer.  


 So I have to re-write my blog to be month by month? 


This year just keeps getting better and better... 


I got up at 08:30 on Sunday.this morning and tomorrow all because of last minute Christmas shopping oh how I love Christmas time 


 I think it's important for as many reporters as possible to be on the overpasses telling you not to come outside. 


   Did you get permission from Bill Self and Deloss Dodds to play Mizzou? 


Well that is a great first round pick if i ever knew one  


If you don't want a sarcastic answer, don't ask a stupid question.
   


  The ferocious power it takes to jump off of the ground and hang on something! What a god among men! 


I feel better now that she texted me   


   working I achieve something and making sacrifices is ridiculous. 


I'm glad I've got BT Sport, otherwise how would I be able to watch games like Shortwood United v Port Vale? 


Oh, the wonderful conversations I missed at Thanksgiving dinner. 


It's just awesome how ur soo tired u cant talk to me...  


If it weren't for global warming, it might be really cold right now.



is everyone ready for the blizzard? do you have your bread and milk? 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not." Cc  


Sean Monahan wins it. Ive totally heard of him   


I'm not sure how cold it is. Could some one post a pic of their weather app on Instagram? 


  of course. Only the right sort of people have rights, you can't just go and give them to EVERYBODY. 


So pissed of my mum and dad only got me the sliver iPhone 5s, fuck sake 


Now to shower, have lunch, and go to work whilst feeling like this.  


When you show up to class late and there's a surprise exam  


Bless the poor multimillionaire!! I feel so sorry for Arod   


Waiting on someone who is careless towards you.  


My first time hearing the Christmas Shoes! It's officially Christmas!!!   


 probably too dehydrated to attend during this heat wave Wisconsin is suffering from 


There's nothing I like more than waking up early to go to a test! 


Up &amp; moving, earlier than I intended thanks to my bf  !  lol


 dude, where's your holiday spirit?  




The world's most reliable source says Everett Withers to JMU is a done deal     glad my upstairs neighbor decided it was necessary to vacuum starting at 838am. Not like I enjoy sleeping in or anything..... 


So driving home my drunk sister and her boyfriend who wouldn't shut up about wanting ice cream was fun 


Im singin at work and people are lookin at me like I cant sing?! Puhhlease people,I sound like a goddess. 


seriously  even though I am in Korea, I didn't want to watch the Duke game on WatchESPN or anything. 


 yeah my boyfriend does the same thing...     


 Having divorced parents is such a joy.. 


Right...let's see how late they are going to be. End to a 'perfect' Monday no doubt. 


 it's ok that you're still an  fan! I'm not judging...! 


Check out my awesome internet speed from     


Remember the rules, kid: You breath on Brees. You're asking for that penalty.  Let them play, NFL!


So, wait, you mean ESPN has given me a channel where I can watch people watch the game?! Amazing! 


Everything's fine thanks for asking... done with people


 replays are gonna be perfect for baseball. 


 thanks for telling me you landed safely!  


     -so u think anyone who believes in this instructional shift is bought off?


Staying at my moms as late as possible Zoeys with her dad so that means I get to sleep alone great   


I'm not a complete idiot. Some parts are missing   


How bout that brunner kid.  Guy was all over the place tonight.   


 im glad we're winning, that way i can go focus on my job! 


Love that pic of me,  We've got to get working on a  font. ;) 


Today just seems to be getting better and better   


I was shocked to find out that most of the wealthy, white retirees here in Florida really enjoy Fox News. 


.     Don't you trust Senator Waxman? He's exempt from  


Sounds like there is a waterfall outside my window rn! Living on the hoe is the best guys  


Oh good. Another goal against. Yup, sure was a good thing Carlyle didn't dress Gleason, our defense sure is excellent.  


 Being paid for 8 hrs only.. Don't expect more.
Need to keep millions of cases pending.


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


 Nawh, it's just a walk in the park, who are they to ask for help when they get home 


   maybe he can show kids how to do this... 


Good job coach  is hot so let me sit him  


Holy shit!!! Ita snowing??? Gee thanks because I obviously don't have a window anywbere in my house 


Wow, imagine how much colder it would be without global warming??  


Time to shovel my driveway/sidewalks! Beyond fucking excited to! 


In this generous time of year I decided to donate $170 to the Roland security guards    ticket


Just scored two guest passes to NYSC on Sunday. Can't wait to tell  She will be thrilled!   


My roommate  has the deepest conversations with his girlfriend  


Has anyone blamed Chad Johnson for that goal vs. Rask? Heard a lot Thursday about how bad Johnson is.   


 No shot. We'd crush it. It'd be our warm up  


"hi Cattie"  "I hate you TV" *middle finger*      


I wish  would go ahead and process my order, not that I don't mind paying for products I'm not receiving  


This is all gonna turn to ice and then snow. Oh joy!   the worst.     Here we go. I'll be the first one..... Scott Tolzien sucks.


I almost forgot how polite people are on Xbox Live. 


I love when 2 people buy me the same present and somehow it becomes my fault 


Its wrong for a Man to go toe to toe with a woman unless its  in an Action Movie, Its ok for you kids to see it then! 


Lol RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 Big Government fixes Everything!!  


Haha such a great day NOT!!!!!! A lot on my mind. No one bother unless I text you    


Hey  my office phone rang 4 times today, it was my mom every time. Keeping campus open today was money well spent 


 but how can they relax? It is such a big deal and being homosexual or straight completely changes the person you are... 


 hardly recognised it.....doesn't look like a ping at all   


It looks like this is going to turn out to be a fantastic break... 


 so annoying cancelling part of my wife's order and it was Xmas gift. Thanks. 


You sent a helicopter to pick her up just to "chat" for an hr? You romantic lil adulterer ^_^    


On the road again. Love the rain it makes it so easy to drive  


Soo, winter just decided to actually happen today  


oh no , my computer just mysteriously unplugged . now I can't take calls till I reboot . oh poo . 


Boy howdy, I sure wish this game would've lived up to the hype. 


I use sarcasm because beating the crap out of people is in fact frowned upon in most societies. 
 


Hey I have a great idea lets spend 45 minutes after dark setting up a trail cam, because its not freezing out here or anything 


 you do love to slander people! How dare you!   


Glad we just HAD to sign  he really was worth the money.   


Car broke down AND broken into within 12 hours of being back..   


The best part of being sick, waking up at random hours coughing like death is upon us all... 


 Would you like to "PARTY" and go "CLUBBING" haha  )ou'll always have something to do,,, Tomorrow


It's always a party in smiths class    least Michigan was creative with that play call 


 no no no you and nelly definitely have something going on  


 That's only to save money  is losing too much due to employee appetites 


My finance prof tells the dirtiest jokes and at the end asks if it made sense?   


. I'm thinking my  should have clued you in. Soz. Oh, when you say 'ironic glasses' do you mean 'prescription'?


Nice to see Kevin Harlan picked up some current game notes. 


That was the 2nd best national championship game I've seen in the last few days.    


my dads clock tht sings jingle bells in the hour every hour is not annoying at all   


" Happy Saturday morning class!!   - HAPPY   :)


  Since your hairline doesn't match either Moe or Larry what does that mean? 


How do I always get so lucky in group projects?! 


Waking up to a throbbing headache and not being able to talk it always the best way to start the day  


Just got off &amp; gotta be back in 6.5 hours. Loving working retail right now 


I just love people who make fun of tellico women   


I really should go back to the library now...or I could take an wee hour break cos I have been working sooo hard...


My girlfriend said she's leaving me because
I always relate everything to Batman.What
a Joker she is!! 


Definitely, after looking at this blogger's picture he's definetly a threat to  National Security:  


 Can't wait to sit in my bed and watch gossip girl all knight.   haha that's exactly what I'm doing 


Love how accuweather has it at an 86% chance for 7.4" of heavy snow Saturday night. 


 are serious? or was that a joke?  detector is malfunctioning here.


 dude. I don't work. That means ALL THE FREE TIME! 


This will be fun! We biked to  this morning, and now we have to get home! 


The knicks now def need to trade for a point guard now that their two best defensive big men are hurt




  fair taxes, fair wages, equal opportunity. How unamerican! 


This man  makes baseless claims and knows nothing!    the right narrator a programme about plains &amp; trains really interesting! 


Oh yeah I'm just so damn clever with my tweets.  


Whoever parked in my spot made my morning just so good. 


It's so totally awesome when you ask people to do something and they flat out ignore you.  


Very generous of  for giving me a 10 credit because I've had no signal for 6 days..problem won't be fixed for another day! 


    didn't let them score after the 16th minute   


 Really? Cause that's just the opposite of you 


Lolz... What are you insinuating?  so, you don't know where Mr  belong. 


Glad half my numbers got randomly deleted off my phone 


Today after all these years I finally played Pimp My Ride for Xbox 360. Best title of that generation hands down! 


Last night could have been way better and definitley today.  


  I think the U.S. should make Rodman a fully paid ambassador, he certainly looks the part! 


Statistics showed that 100% of the people who don't understand anything at lectures spend most of the lecture time playing "subway" 


Who's ready for Thursday night football! After all it is the titans n colts who can not love it lol  atleast it's football


What an awesome day this is going to be... 


And experts say you have to win a Super Bowl to get a long term contract as a QB.  


We beat app state, app state beat Georgia southern, Georgia southern beat Florida, so were better than Florida  


No car at the moment means things are suddenly super difficult. What a perfect time for the car to choose to do this.  


   now   for you.     im jimmy howard just going to stand here with my legs open..... 


This thanksgiving, I'm thankful for the hundredth quarter of quantitative easing. What are you thankful for?  


Always rated young, guys a class act. Give him a new contract ed quick!   


 so we can keep aborting babies like this.    a real heatwave outside. It's 14 but feels like 7. Wow!! Looks like I'm going swimming.     


  yeah because clearly, that's me. Haha 


So I found out I have a hernia today and will be needing surgery    


 haha really Jon... that surprises me.  


Seriously? Could tonight get any better?   :-/


I really appreciate all the incredible help I've received from my parents in regards to this whole college application process.  


  Well, at least it was money well spent. 


  Well there goes me applying for X-Factor then  go with Emily, she'll join you with her amazing voice 


Just LOVE how I can't fricken say anything without someone arguing with me about everything I say!   


Sometimes I just have to say to myself here.... "Ohhhhhh! HYPERBOLE! Toilet bowls first....AND THEN THE HYPERBOLE!"   


Time for a quick nap before work tonight! How I love Black Friday! 


Oh Warriors win, that's really freakin cool. 


Never test the depth of the water with both feet. 


oh yeah, city for champions (u.s. olympic museum, CO sports/events center, etc.) sounds sooooo terrible. what a waste.  


 Oww.  fanatic? Nee, we don't allow that here.


peentendong to be a mature adult is so exhausting. RT if you think the same 


I just loooove living next to a huge lake that brings 30 cm of snow within 48 hours.  


These people on Twitter are so right about sharkeisha being a name for a weed. I think it's a great idea!    


I hate when guys are hotter than me and show no interest in me. Like... cmon I'm perfect. 


Smothered in creams &amp; oils. Feeling grrrreeeeaattttttttt 


Which one do I get?! Damn!!
    out my new kicks! Early Christmas present!    wrapped 8 Christmas presents and it's 80 outside. It sure does feel like Christmas! 


I didn't know there were so many ways to do logarithms. Nothing makes me happier.  


 well get with it, it's not like you have anything else to do 


Really getting my acting career off to a great start   for the invite... glad my friends like me 


Great to see the kids in great Christmas spirit 


 I didn't realized that you moved to Bahrain dude, welcome to our beloved country :-) 


  also if bulls win this I expect Thibs gone and entire team to be gutted  


No Ibrahimovic at the World Cup but don't worry sports fans the mighty footballing mega stars of Greece will be their instead 


I love not being able to fall asleep!  


Spend $5,000 in concert tickets. Get $5 off your next concert ticket. Thanks bro. That'll come in handy.  


 I keep getting them too! Does take the specialness away, sniff. 


hmmmm rhoald dahl or  which one is going too be more exciting tonight 


I'm so glad you have  in your twitter bio. I couldn't tell that from 900 tweets about your significant other. 


Too much work to do in such little time. Can't wait to finish these essays so I can revise all day instead   


SEC West is so top heavy that the  teams hve won their bowl games with the  team threatening.  is in the title game. 


I am so cultured, I say - intercourse thyself.

 


The tension is killing me on tipping point! 


  These people, they come from the south, wearing strange clothes, weird customs, I don't like it! 


 fair play you've done me there  "defo a pen"


great timing! just wat i needed before my math exam :) 


Damn, returning a pair of jeans at Hollister just turned into a fiasco... great customer service....   


 Those roost sub protect gliscor are so great man.  


I would have never guessed t-swift was going to win that award! 


I'm so gonna fail this final..... Hahahah oh well it's only 20% of my grade... No big deal 


Submitted by Dani Fleming Boyce 
        I don't think it'll be as good as Wrexham though    


Best question from doctor today: "Do you feel like you're eating more than usual in the past month?"  or  ?


I absolutely LOVE when I have pull up and wait for my food. 


 I don't care what people say you guys do a great job and are really efficient! 


Don't give a guy what he wants and he turns into a mega douche. I love being a girl  


 just finished watching all of them... Thanks! 


Thanks to  I can watch the end of Curtis Painter leading the  to a rousing victory 


" Love a bit of food poisoning!!  it'll keep you slim!!


You think your cool cause you have an automatic start on your car hahahahaha yupp your a badass!  


Loudoun students lose the first Mother Nature coin flip of the winter. Enjoy that last day of school prior to Thanksgiving break 


Thank you family for inviting me to dinner with you. 


Going through  IG wishing I was as cool as him.  this is not 


I wish someone would  me.. Looking from the outside maybe I could see what I'm doing wrong!!  


 That would of been decent! Bored on my town all the time. Need some female company hahaha, what a shame!  


Wait...I also changed my links and figured out how to embed my twitter feed. Phew. I'm soooo tired.   


Gotta love when a day starts with perfection  


Doing an assignment the night before the deadline, this is an unusual situation.     


  serious Ni hoty.. Its just a virtual world


IT IS SNOWING IN THE NORTHEAST!! All national news should report about NOTHING else!   


 Pretty much. Im so deeply sad for it...


Off to my orthodontist appointment. Gonna get some sealants. Sounds fun, doesn't it? 


The acting on CSI: Miami is top notch. Really. It's wonderful.  


This is why I already turned it off. RT  Good thing the stream has great quality and isn't super laggy 


Woooooiii this 7 hour shift tonight is looking beaut -.-   at least I've got Kasai to keep me company :D


Impressed by my roots          Errol... The place where dreams come true...  


Nothing better than spending money at finish line. 


Waiting for the next tanning booth at the video rental store and they're playing the conjuring.....cooool.... 


  lol..Wenger's really trying his hand at mind-games 


I'm SO proud to be a Dutch citizen!      They are simply making it clear that being different from them is a crime. No racism here 


Going to work in -12 weather is awesome!!!   -___-


Guys I don't know if you know this but  has been following me since I got twitter like five years ago  


Wow! And Your Next Trick is Yawn sarcastic kitchen apron:    


Off to St. Andrews to do some more crap photography!   


Don't worry I always wanted to get my wisdom teeth out two days before thanksgiving.....I totally want to spend it with a blender 


It's a great morning for the power to be out. So great I had to tweet about it 


My favourite thing is waking up the morning on a hard, cold floor and not being able to play my music at the max volume. Yay!!!!!!! 


Props to   for making their female athletes looks pathetic. 


 - E &amp; I are dying right now laughing at your tweets!  THIS is why we love you!  


Well wasn't that just a great cherry on top.. 


He can have Gerald.  "   fine then kasey can have ernie"


GREAT weather today!!! Haha.      Lol I guess so. It's packed she should have fun. Lol 


Man, can't wait to work bright n' early  tomorrow morning!   


  Nah not as good as Duck Dynasty. Nothing better than Rascist Redneck homophobes. 


Oh the total is 1.01, thanks for paying with a $100! It made me day 


At least it will be raining as I walk to class tomorrow dreading this test.   


Big fan of a negative 60 degree temperature difference  


Sick, hungover and stuck bed. Great way to start 2014! 
  


Nice to see teenagers are still freezing their buns off for the sake of coolness &amp; popularity. 


Got a very very looooong shopping list from the wife.  Oh happy day 


 So far, I'm all... "well THIS is cheerful"  Just brimming with holiday spirit.  


  LOL, no loss, Mistress. I'm sure you will somehow survive the crushing blow! 


 but. But. He provides great instagram photos for local media. Thought that was enough. 


Some people get to have  Some get to play  I get fun AND games.   


I said no elevator! So the child screamed and screamed through the store. 

I bet I made someone's day even better! 


One tree hill makes me miss high school so bad...cuz that's exactly what my high school career was like  


finally I can stop watching these crappy college football games and watch bulls vs cavs 


I Iove it when you made plans with me and then cancel on me to hang out with someone better  


My HP laptop refuses to connect to the Internet. This is SO handy.  


First day of therapy... I'm so excited  


--Fail--   Im so good at wrapping presents.not        


 Country men do it better. They know how to stay classy.  nothing like a big truck with boggers....


Watching Netflix all by myself on a Friday night because I'm awesome.  


If your not in Cedar City for this Canyon View vs Cedar basketball game....your missing a real doozy. 


Full of cold and a throat that feels like razors... Wonderful for Christmas! 


Thank you for telling me what I could* have* done, and not helping me with where I am right now... You're so supportive. 


This is really just the cherry on top of an awesome week!    


Left my phone at home for 4 hours. Come home to 

0 messages! Y'all love me  



Pharma incentivising doctors to use their products    


 Andy Reid would have made the same call, cause he's smarter than everyone else  


Time to distance myself from you. Oh yay, the best part of my commitment issues. 


 don't see nothing wrong with nested tables ;p 


 because if you weigh more than 176lbs, you're obese.....lol  


Asian Zing provided me with a wonderful night sleep  


No heating on a night like tonight, words can't describe my happiness 


 Nice NBC, Nice   Wow. How classy. 


I love seeing what everyone else is doing on the weekends while I watch shitty TV shows alone in my room. 


I've got my first jury duty tomorrow. I'm so lucky to have it the week before school starts back!  


   welcome to   you're getting a taste of what's in store!! Lots of  and 


Clearly I graduated from high school       haha  might hit  now level 2 kick its ass


 love come dine with me purely for the commentating...


Watching last nights game...quite a decent shot of us looking excited in the second period.  


So  has 'come out'...well slap me with a shitty stick if never have feckin guessed he was gay mind!   


This is how long it took to cancel NFL Red Zone. Excellent customer service, Time Warner.   IS SLOTTERING the Raiders. Mc gloin not playing like he use to .56 to 31 KC WINS  LOOSE again  bad do sad 


Thanks amazon finished an hour early on Christmas 


Listening to Acappella music all by myself because I'm not feeling lonely. 


 you're right, i should give up my free cell service to get phones on release day 


See you in 3 months New Years resolution gym goers. 


Oh hurrah  2.08 is finally playing past Lorna's cuppa tea!!! Yup,  consists of  &amp; 


Welp, guess I have a reason to go to The Oaks now on friday, thanks mom 


Oh hey  I see your +8 and I raise you -40.    


We should use the screen pass more. We are very successful with it. 


The finish line is in sight!!! Only about 20-30 minutes more!!!!       


I'm glad I came to school to do a course evaluation 


13 hours in a car has to be the most amazing thing in the world 


I can't be everywhere on new years eve, where is the cloning project when it truly matters? 


Glad my cousin didn't text me back once today...  


Such a hard decision turning down trades hall on a Monday night... 


I heard the saints were going to absolutely demolish the eagles. Demolished them and spared them 2 pts! Fucking morons.  


That moment your fire alarm goes off and you do a dead sprint through the entire house. Great way to wake up.  


My fathers singing abilities rival those of angels... How is he not famous?  


$BBRY is the new $TSLA or $NFLX?  But $BBRY is up another 5% today.


Had a great drive from 1:15-4 am and kids were awake    


EJ Manuel gets a screen pass picked.  Remember how his college comp % matters when transitioning to NFL?  


So wait, did Miley Cyrus perform tonight? I wouldn't know because it's not like every single person on Twitter is tweeting about it 


So what I thought was a hangover turns out to be 1.) food poisoning or 2.) stomach bug  


You know how to make me feel good don't you lol 


Ref has just been outstanding in this game so far 


Writing afrikAans is a few hours, and guess what?? Studying has not even started as yet...oh well wats 1 more year... 


On fucking friday i can finally relax at the university and training afterwards 


I hate not having internet. Thank you  for dropping us in SoCal   


For all the naysayers thinking I'm not a real person... You can suck it ;)    


I love being woken up at 6:30am to my cat basically going insane awesome!!!!   


Everyone is so fake to each other in shop. I find that so funny. 


Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez leaves grievancehearing -  via   


 New York Rangers :: Rangers could want D for Del Zotto  sounds like some real inside information 


That happens to dogs that are considered "it"         shocked that St. Luke's in Kilkenny has highest rate of c-sections in Ireland! 


Unnecessary scenes are the best kind of scenes. 


My life is just so comical at this very moment.   


You know the Pistons are good because Josh Smith lets Carmelo shoot wide open 3's 


Lasagna nanaman medya notche?great, just great   


 you should have gotten the idiot award.   lol


I think the computer I just made is a little bit out of my price range    Payne in bed, my Friday's get better and better. 


 what? Did you just wake up &amp; decide to be mean to me today? Oh! Wait! That's EVERYDAY!   


   Yeah what a slap in the face 25 million dollars a year is! 


Not my much happening in my city tonight.   Hmm.       


 best college in the world. Kentucky Wesleyan College. 



Comic sans for powerpoint slides in uni. Intro to eng is definitely my ultimate favourite course.  


 dude they got to win the national title. That's more important.


 Glad you always have time to talk to me... 


Forgot my money and my headphones. Great start to my day. 


Looks like I was wrong. I love the  thing that's going on.  


Love it when my bus is late on a super cold day. Totally awesome,   


We have such a strange relationship     hundreds of tweets saying  started the new  in "Raipur"  


  "How is Louisville ahead of UCF in the rankings, didn't they beat them."-  


I totally love being awake at 4 o'clock in the morning 


Way to go cyclones! Third win of the year yeah! 
 


It's always nice to see how New England weather makes returning to work so easy after a joyous &amp; relaxing holiday break. 


This homework is really making me feel better! 


    I didn't think points were awarded until after the race  


Huge for the Noles. 24-20, FSU ball, 4.45 left. Not that an important drive coming up. 


I just love it when people look at messages and don't reply! 


 Would've like to see you go for those titles, be like taking candy from a baby lol 


He's just so shy.      of carling did brothers you would be the best in the world 


What do you mean no goal? That clearly went in the net  


 P. Manning Fed Ex Air Player of the Week he couldn't achieve that without KC's D effort 


 I hate when I have to explain  Wiggins is going to be GREAT, that's my point. 
Not sure u understand  then


 is not the energy I want to put out in the world.     


Love this!  {      And the offense &amp; defense is back on the field.   


Lot of love again for Charlie Adam this morning  


Saban can't get his team ready to play for bowl games. Only the national championship.   


I'm loving the reaction on people's face to my voice or lack there of.   "Oh you sound horrible" yeah thanks I knew that


"Check it out baby. Check it out y'all" x4-- These sure are some thought provoking lyrics. 


Love waking up to my parents screaming at each other :) 


I love when its raining outside and your dog just ran through a puddle to come and jump on you... The best!!! 


Wiggins with the flu just makes you question Canadian Health Care.  


 RT  Front page of tomorrow's FJP newspaper: "millions rise up in the (cont)  long did it take  and how much money, to come up with that all-white background for iBooks? Revolutionary!  


 I think it's just wonderful of them to jerk you around like this, it inspires confidence in your education system. 


It's alright losing the best thing I have tho 


Bout to start an 8 hour crash course. So excited 


So just to get it straight that LH credit card 50k bonus ends today? 


I really love when I order my brkfst last night to wake up and they forget my order...oh the simple pleasures of an early morning...


Loooooool    you would know better hahahaha


 Ahh, sounds like things are really moving in the right direction.. 


 It was  We'll freeze our jingle bells off that Sunday.


can't tell who likes the VS fashion show more, guys or girls.  


" Tim Gleason will wear sweater  for the  Aki Berg's number isn't retired? That can't be right. 


Where the party at?.... And Taylor Sift is 23 today :D yipee!"


Slid going 20 the whole way to school. But hey...it least I got to school which is WAY more important than my life! 


What an eventful day. Hope tomorrow is half as exciting as today 


Overhearing these 2 sisters talk about their "issues" in their Valley Girls voices w Chicago accents is hilarious.  


If u could be the corpse I could be the killer if I could be the devil u could be the sinner  


"How Feminism Hurts Men". Hint: it's funny because it's not true      go back to the day i met the boys...i remember the day---&gt;  
never/happened/2013  


Woah, bendtner...come on, give United a chance, arsenal 


I'm more confused than a chameleon in a bag of skittles.
     


I wake up to the wonderful world of 3 boys competing as to who can get dressed the quickest...everytime.   aboutboycompetition :)


Split shifts are retarded. Good thing I only get a 6 hour break  


Doing my Sports Psychology paper on a late Saturday afternoon   


Can't get enough of  this      day of the quarter is the best day for snow.     and  Thanks for your big 9 fantasy points tonight. Big help there.   


   Shh, don't let other people know they can make art. 


There is nothing I love more than waking up at 4am to work 6:30a-7p.... 


Could this day get any better  Freezing rain, wet boots, waiting in line for the girls pic w. Santa for an hour, and now a flat tire


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 Dude, the guy hears voices in his head. Give him a break.  


Ah, the kind of weather marquee professionals love! Site visit at 2 near Wincanton and I just can't wait to get outside  


.  Please continue sending Brody only our most  vibes &amp; no    /// Thnx BG!


Face your own Demons. I suggest you break your Mirror. HAHAHAH! 


  but remember these SEC defensive players are supposed to be college's best offering to the NFL. 


   I am full of  I can not deny it.


  I blame Podlesh for that shit punt in the opening drive.Set the tone for the rest of the team.  


Great call, it's always the fault of the person that gets jumped on.  


Niklas bendtner getting ready now.  Hope the barca/Madrid scouts are watching.     


I only thought I was going home tonight. Thanks  for the free night in Charlotte!  


Look what I found while tidying, could do with a laugh.. This film is hilarious    gonna blast this one.        you father, your words are so appreciated. 


Curry tonight was served with 100% Indian Glasgow banter! Hilarious.   great night.   ; )


 nice to see you're getting into cycling it's a fun social sport 


When your sister wears your yoga pants      What is this TSN?  because NO ONE has seen that yet. 


It's okay  normal service resumed p6 of the Oz...      is the coolest excuse to steal a person's tweet and not feel bad bout it 


  Oh, if he wasn't sacked, would he be playing in the Knockout stage?  

HAHAHA high level of  ! :P


Wearing crocs in this weather. Sir you live dangerously I see. 


 ew! Yuck I love it when that happens!  I'll call you today and sing to you! 


Yeah, sorry. Forgot the hashtag. RT    I'm assuming


Look  these slackers had 5 years to get a job! What the hell is wrong with you, demanding free food. Snap out of it! 


Nothing like the sound of snow plows to lull you to sleep 


 yeah on the bright side I'm about to bomb this plant and soil science final in the ground 


Hey did the ravens win last night?  I've searched through my timeline and can't find one post about the game.   


Don't worry  only has 504 trophies compared to others people in the clash of clans world...so glad he's not addicted 


 What do you mean? We know about her love life, her friends' lives, her family, etc. What else do we need to learn? 


 Thornton puts them in holes (gets beat or commits silly foul) as often as he makes a steal. But ohhhh, does he hustle! 


  thank you so much for deleting my bbm channel for no reason what so ever your the best 


 yeees!That's why I was need rubber,but nobody didn't give me it,so...


Time to go shovel the driveway.        


Great job by the OC to set up our punt offense...


Watching Mamma Mia on New Years Eve, can it get any better? 


 Glad to know your job is so much more important than a bunch a people you've never met!


Did someone really just ask me if weight matters for FedEx? Nope, your 45lb stack of paper ships for free.   


   don't worry fellas. All will be well next year when we are in the superbowl  


 we have Bendtner, Park and Sanogo in addition to Giroud. So what's he saying? 


Throat is beyond swollen and I need to puke. This is such a great combination. 


Friends try setting you up with a guy. Yeah because that always works, right?  


Watching STAAR prep vids is soooooo interesting!!!!  


Lt: But I mean I guess you can't be good if you win right?    


Pau scored the last 7 lakers pts. Thats not enough lets trade him   


Christmas lights across the street ablaze,  providing light, warmth to our powerless side. Oh joy!    


Hell ya 3 and out! Way to start the 3 quarter niners!!!!  


 What, Auburn couldn't hold a fourth quarter lead? FSU still hasn't played anyone all year. 


I gotta be at work in about 4 hrs yet im still wide awake. Yay me!!! 


Callon is back,  intact. Check out the  sample on      a good thing Obama skipped the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address because he has more important things to be doing 


 
Btw thank you very much for the birthday wishes. Very much appreciated



Can't wait for everyone to start saying how overrated Ohio State is. 


Good thing for Facebook and Twitter for telling me that is snowing. I might've went outside in shorts....not.   


how da fuck do start a project without even knowing what the project is about to begin with   


K. I guess not! Thanks for the response.... 


 thank you for clearing that up i just did not know what you meant 


I know. Crazy. RT   how is it immature to publicly demean someone for publicly demeaning others.. Sheesh.. 


One foot in yesterday and the other in 2moro so guess that means IM pissn on today!  Merry Christmas 


" The nicest people come into Bilo in the morning/afternoon 


In the theme of Thanksgiving, thanks to CRA for sending me an income tax reassessment today.  


Holy shit that is so funny. I'm literally dying inside. 


What we do for fun on Christmas Eve. Haha        just missing SURPRISE because that's new.  


Stoked for my A race of the season tomorrow - with temps in the 40's and possible 55 mph winds...  


Shaun is the most thrilled cheer leader I know 


Aw man, our EP comes out the same day as the new Britney Spears... I guess you can't win them all...  


I blame Russ....he should have scored 80..... 


    yes... way to go small and large Biz .. to hell with long, suffering employees...  


Know what the bestest part about weddings is?! All the assholes who invite themselves to the wedding! 


  These kids need to toughen up. Like a -35 degree windchill is really that bad! 


I have to get up in 3 hours and then go take a final, oh and then I have to take another and THEN I have work.  


 Nothing like waiting at the Sudbury airport to put you in a state of bliss.  exactly how I feel right now


W/ Bobby Ryan's reaction to being snubbed &amp; the media's constant whoring of the story, is this how women gained equality?

 


Wonder if  is enjoying the cricket this morning?  


Nobody celebrates the "new year". They're celebrating my birthday, instead.  


Tomorrow I work till 11:30pm ....How fucking exciting 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  yep, but since it lags so much lately I gave them the 1st 15 as a courtesy!!!    


Eric's in here playing guitar like he doesn't know it's 24 hour courtesy time  


4th and three and you throw it 40 yards down field?   


wow i've been quite the social butterfly over break. 


 is an awesome Indian and he will ace calc tomorrow because he needs to fulfill stereotypes  


" Maritime snowstorm expected to bring 20 to 30 cm of snow  I love where I live. 


Oh the irony!       come to realise that people in  just don't get  It actually gets me in hot water when I give them a bit of dry humour


 not your strong suit, obviously RT   Spoken just a wee bit too soon. 


Ah, the pleasing sound of screaming kids.  ( Costco w/ 2 others)  there weren't any meaningful CFL games in November, was there? 


Come on then, who saw that coming???   


The joy of hospital waiting in Quebec! :)  


Yay for losing  yas my team is so good 


Being ignored is the best feeling in the world! 


I get to go outside and put up Christmas decorations.... great....    


Oh, darn. Daughter has a cold and I have to stay home with her instead of going to a hockey game with in-laws. 


So you text me, ask me a stupid question, don't bother asking how I am, then never text back?.... you're a great friend. 


nothing better than taking a nap after work, to wake up at midnight, then to take a shower only to go to sleep after that again 


My tweets:            &amp; yes I'm human!


I haven't heard, is it cold outside in Green Bay? 


 You shouldn't bash your critics on here. You're just a Pro Bowler and Super Bowl Champ. They know better than you. 


 no news on death of Paul Walker on  . See they only show happy news n katrina kaif dancing half naked  


Did I mention, best  ever.  Right now, I'm thinking never again.


A whole day of ethics to look forward to today. Yay 


Great start of the day! Everything is working as it should be.  Either I walk or I wait for 30 for the Taxi to arrive.


Summarizing medical records is a glorious part of my job   


I love when you text me and then not reply. 


Oh look. Another Madea movie. The world holds its breath.  


In the mean time it's exciting assignment finishing.  


Looks like the defense is reallu steppin up today 


 Can we let him coach a game first before all of next season is lost?  


 I paid $800 for peeing in a cup at the hospital    


  Yeah right and Niall Horan is my boyfriend.   :|


probably going to spend all night in the photography lab   


Nothing beats having a migraine creep up on you on New Year's eve.  


exactly what i wanted to do on my day off   


The best fifa player to live this planet  .. Lettin yourl know     


 if I want to waste my day I'll just call your technicians 


I've got a headache, feel ill, had a nosebleed at some point and mum's in Total bitch mode. Greatest new years eve ever so far. 


Thank Christ every store already looks like the North Pole because there's only two months left til Xmas 


 Weird. Thought only religious people were violent. 


Even on Christmas, the family still finds things to argue about. Great times 


Thanks for the call back it was great to hear from you 


 Come on Phil, he's just being relevant, creative, and contextual.  Don't you want to reach people where they are? 


So  from  &amp;  - not too shabby. For a scratch, talentless fast boy, &amp; a has-been.   


Glad to know you're all happy that's Justin's happy.  


  Like they didn't spoil who RJ was?  (2/2)

The Mentalist  


Love going to work at six in the morning!:)  


 Accepting your magic Frapp with gratitude!  US healthcare... Why has no one addresses this yet? 


Having a microphone at a livestock judging contest: ultimate sign of power...


Diorang tak rasa macam ada hutang something ke? 


Walking out of work at 10 to midnight is definitely how I envisioned my Christmas Eve to go 


thanks for being there right when I'm going through such a hard time  


 sure did, now I will never be the same!  


Nothing like going through the thriving metropolis of Garrett 


Sorting out the laundry at work. How terribly exciting! 


It must really help Morgan Rielly to have either Ranger or Fraser as he's defence partner.  

 


Thanks local  channel for always having to show the  game its definitely more entertaining than ANY OTHER GAME! 


Looks like second day I've missed bring your parents to class day  


wouldn't be a true holiday without my dad yelling at someone 


I didn't know it was so hard to text someone back 


I'm glad every one of my fantasy players decided to lay an egg today...  


Glad to know i'm a valued member of my family 


What coach hasn't sent pictures of his genitals to the mother of one of his players, its 2014 for gosh sakes 
 wonder if Aaron Rodgers' health will be a topic on sports talk radio in Wisconsin this week.  


 But we don't know yet if they were rich or not...  


Everytime I hear the pogues on the radio just reminds me of  he loves it. 


    thanks for watching Leafs games but never noticing Dions fuck ups 


 Ofcourse it is.. But our whole convo is funny..! :P :P
Who takes 100yr to think of a topic.. ROFL.. 


Thanks for everyone's motivation to get me off my ass 


Just saw a Fast &amp; Furious 6: Extended Edition commercial :/  


 obviously  - how would I get good feelings without 'Levels'??!? I'd never wake up without 'Wake Me Up'... 


Oh goody, they just moved the sick passenger, who spent the entire flight in the same bathroom, directly across from me. Why? 


  don't worry they are minor earthquakes. Fracking is safe. 


       Instagram   love going to Vandebilt in the winter cause all I get to wear is skirts when it's like below Fcking Zero  


 to me .... "If you like the Who, try the Doors."  Wow, if not for you I would never have known.   


 so hard to watch them struggle like that.  


  uske liye apko pehle "neutral" hona padega as tanisha ki b kch achi chezain hui hain in the show 


Pats are the least penalized team in the league?  I'm shocked.  


 is the closest thing to a positive attitude that I can muster.


I absolutely LOVE how you tell me how much I mean to you, then turn around and ignore me. 


Yay, another day of sleeping, boring tv, and feeling like crap...  


 I mean how can you not love this face guys.    great.it's 2 am in the new Year and I feel like vomit.the new year starts great for me 


Wow... a dirty play by a Malzahn player? I'm shocked...  


  Tell 'em it will only last until after 2014 election when he'll go back to his normal,   self 


Nil-a-nil. Where can I buy the t-shirt.  


 advise to me by a kind soul  that I need to use   the tag  lest people start abusing :p is true. :-)


Taking breaks from studying to put together a clubbing outfit ... Can we say prioritizing?! 


 holy crap! That's so easier than applying a single filter to read source code!!




some b-ballers need get elbowed in da balls if they dont bac up off ya 


Why, yes! I would MUCH rather watch the  than the  Game of the Week:  &amp; Saints. 


 i found it people, thx 4 all your help   


Oh Luis Alberto. Surely he's the cure for what ails us . . .   


Raining and about to drive 4hrs at night   


Shoveling all the ice around my house by myself is probably the most exhilarating experience anyone could ever have  


I seriously love waking up to children running and screaming  


Lol     long range forecast looks cold and white! I believe you will get what you want


Good job Obama: How China Took Control of an OPEC Countrys Oil  


Wow!  Hands up for all the people who posted their drunk pictures!  So much respect gained!!    


Sean will be delighted his fave programme is back on tonight..  


   *hands you handkerchief*... never knew Jayz was in the bible 


I walk into Mr. Gonzalez's room "OH MY GOD!!!!..... you uhh look goodd.."  I look like crap 


 Ration medicine to the already healthy - brilliant.  Maybe more risky but also more important to quality of life.


Ready for all the fun things STM has to offer!! 


Also while i was listening to Benji talk i found this cool wallpaper    opening offensive series for the Lions 




My twitter is so interesting.  how can you follow me?????


This is the best "welcome home"'I've ever had  


 Yeah, with those QBs, the Browns shouldve been a LOT better. 


Really loving this left-wing bias from the BBC. Keep up the good work, chaps! Pip pip!  


I need a day off work so I can wear my Molly &amp; The Zombies T-shirt.   


Time to sleep with the biggest smile on my face 


Just realized all my  levels I completed in Candy Crush might be erased getting this new phone...  


Sexiest person alive.           stores are officially a mad house.  Humankind shows its good side on this day. 


Great, tube is now stopping extra few mins at every stop on Piccadilly line to "regulate service"  job well done! 


I'm so excited to do nothing tomorrow night  


 wow! You've got it!  Good boy ;)   


So happy to be in Oklahoma this weekend!     wants to clean the floors. Which sink must she use to fill the bucket with water?" Definitely the hand sink Susan  


The government is tracking our phone calls and reading our texts, but seriously we still have freedom of speech... 


 That totally makes me feel better.  I love me some Caps. 


"I love it when you make me feel like I don't matter at all." -No One Ever  




 You're putting the physically frail &amp; linguistically challenged  through  hell?  


  He's now my hero until he scores a couple of Own goals hahaha


Thank you so much for pissing me the fuck off this morning, that's exactly how I like to start my days :)   


  like if you wanted to join the populist Reform party! No centralization at all! 


Concentric Circles Emanating From Glowing Red Dot
     


oooo love a good business essay early in the morning 


Chelsea lucky to get in 0-0 at half time here.  


  nice red eye      RT YES


    Truly a religion of peace 


I love working on the house on my days off 


 Where does "Operation Dumbo Drop" , which is a Disney classic and an all around awesome film, rank in your top 10? 


 but Brady NEVER makes a mistake so EVERY incompletion HAS to be the receivers fault right 


My mentality is not like the average trinidadian.. sorry 


I love looking like a hag after I get off flights! 


 because beating the shit out of people is illegal....


Who's ready for parent/teacher conference night?   


 Impressive, but I doubt that Shazier is going to add to that TFL total against a Michigan offense that avoids negative plays. 


 ke m saying "Chamiya" coz accordng to u its not a Bad word so dnt feel bad!! I hope u gt 


Thanks for talking me all day today.  


It just breaks my heart to see that  lost.  


barely any sleep and I have to go out yay   


Successfully edited 20+ minutes of footage into a 4 minute scene. Can't wait for the next one!     


Just saw a bus t-bone a car ridiculously hard.  I now feel even safer riding the bus  


Conrad Black interviewed  The US convicted felon interviewing a crack smoking alcoholic. Nope, nothing wrong here  


 did you have the snare high enough when you played my drums last? 


Number one favorite thing in the world: being ignored and treated like I don't exist. Thanks for making me feel so special! 


I feel special I get y own bracelet and everything      More important than writing? Awesome stock photos of course!!  


 Well I hope you brought your big winter jacket. I just don't know how on earth you'll survive.  


Glad I get to watch this basketball team for the rest of the season 


 also, cheers for cutting Tasmania off Aus. 


Do these make you think of anyone in particular?! 17 Signs  Is Your Second      Ugh recording? I was hoping to not drink awesome beer tonight. 


Aaand we are in motion like the ocean no sun in the sky you can't stop the sleet  


 has it rolling now! Only 4 scores down and just a paltry 51 pts below average!  


 Oh don't be silly! Isn't it always Hank's fault? He should have like 40 shutouts and 50 goals scored by now 


Wow. I feel so bad for  failure to clock it with the clock running out in the first half. 


nothing like talking to another English major to realize how well I'm doing 


Running my anger is great. Till I get done and my knees are on fire. Don't you just love those runs?  


Well that was a fucking great sleep I feel completely energised. 


Spain is back in  era but this has "nothing to do with EU council austerity"    


Moving day in a third floor walk up...priceless  


can't wait to go school tomrow&amp; get my used green tie 


They changed their jury duty to be together  


   Dude. I understand now. Next time, include a picture for me. I like pictures. I can 'SEE' those. ;) 


Ready to work 8 hours..oh and the rest of the WHOLE week woo hoo! 


Well just failed my calculus test, good way to start the day. 


Welcome to  where sweats are acceptable anywhere 


Today is/was/whatever the anniversary of my wedding. (Dec 7th) Lesson to be learned: do not marry on Pearl Harbour Day.  


I can't sleep and I think I'm getting sock. Woohoo. 


Bought this really sexy dress, now I just need a date to wear it on. Oh gosh it's so hard choosing which date to go on  


All the time in the world Andy, no pressure. 


Yeah the  is such a great football conference. 


I just love going to my car at lunch to see you on top of your boyfriend in the parking lot  


" WEDC launches TV campaign in Minnesota and Illinois in attempt to steal jobs  ya, that'll do it 


 WELL. I see how it is! -kicks your ass, making you fall over- Oops.. I didn't mean to do that 


This soccer game on ESPNU is really me pumped for the basketball game  


I speak 3 languages   and da    


If ladies can't wear leggings and big t-shirts, then guys can't wear cowboy boots with polos. You're at college, not a ranch. 


 look honey, label says gluten-free eggs. let's get these, they must be better because they're gluten-free!  FTW!


 NO!! I am enjoying my crystallized backyard trees and sledding every time I go in and out of the house. 


  good I still got 8 lives left.   


  I am puns of fun! I speak  better than English


Nothing better than a Saturday morning and waking up and jock talking at me all morning! 


 Not an injury. They don't need to practice because their games are flawless. 


Congrats to  for doing such a GREAT job on 'ET' at the last show. I'm so glad you were my partner.   


 RT  "It was a great officiating crew" - LeBron.

When have you EVER heard a player say that after a game? Exactly.


Ugh sure ppl bring ur dog in after hours.. Not like I don't have anything to do ughhhh 



People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends.   


Soooo excited to be back in Vegas tonight -__- ... 


So nice of  to leave no info as to why they didn't leave my package or when they planned to come again. So helpful. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


the UNK, Crayon Pop, and G-Dragon remix that i made on youtube has one dislike. should i be worried?  


 I was going to comment how fit you look- who woulda thunk diet and exercise were the key 


forever waiting for this doctor  at least i get to spend so much time in newark 


Gee thanks, Spotify! We had never heard of Elvis Costello or Dinosaur Jr. until you were kind enough to recommend them 


The Best of Nickleback..... that's what I want for Christmas! 


  obviously people don't get our humour.  Oh dear.  There goes our career as comedians ;) 


I just LOVE when my online class professor NEVER answers my emails...   


 good luck on that new years resolutions, probably going great... :P 


kinda irritated. way to make me feel worse about something i already feel shitty about.  


The one time I want Michigan to be completely not terrible...well, they play like normal.  


Looking forward to seeing a bumper crowd  match tonight   


Starting this new year off with a bang and working in the morning 


Nice giveaway dion and the hustle to get back was as good  


After digesting what transpired in the last 20 minutes and watching social media, college football is fairly popular. 


Booins just took the lead. Eff that. They're winning for Thorty  


It's snowing in Chattanooga.  Cancel school for the next 5 days.  Expecting accumulations of up to 1/8". 


"'Us'?   I have said it, Moyes is the Joshua, after Fergie the Moses. Lets just give him time....."


Golden Corral (is that even how you spell it?) with mom and dad. Whoooo so exciting... 


So, the guy who isn't really a fighter takes on the guy who shouldn't be fighting anymore.  Great call to end the prelims 


Today is going to be the best day ever.  


       for the online shop.     exactly, they take anybody into Harvard and the NFL 


Gonna be a scorcher tomorrow...a whole 8oc, wohoo    


How dare Carter Ashton rough up that perfect angel, Zenon Konopka.  


 What a bargain! This will go so nicely with my 100 QR Halloween pumpkin.  


UT fans are all excited over there new coach because hes the first african american coach. Its like Obama all over again.  


  I love watching cousins &amp; Harden play defense.


" The newspapers were such an original idea North...  no fucks were given


Cena vs. Orton at the Rumble...There's a shocker!!   


I love Mondays when I have to work. Specially cold rainy dreary ones where I have to finish Christmas shopping after... 


The world's not ending tomorrow, it's only severe thundersorms. In Ohio. In November. Nothing to see here, move along. 


Shit guys, nigga cray just followed me. My life is complete 


Your Nobody till somebody loves you   


 Hold on I might not be able to moderate. I'm spending the day and night glued to the tv waiting for the report.  


Wow there are soooo many people trying to just break don our doors at 7 am.  


Bsktbll n _   w   shld nclde the ptin for ties, becse if there is anything a sports enthsiast cherishes, it's a tie. 


Probably just a bitch lol  funny someecards, funny      could be the corpse and I could be the killer
If I could be the devil, you could be the sinner

 


Are you really working out if you don't post a picture of yourself doing it?? 


Nice to see George Zimmerman is laying low after getting away with murder. 


 blasphemy...the stylized 3 didn't come into existence until it was black and GM Goodwrench became a sponsor!!!! 


sarcasm of 2013!! Me: so how was your day today? Teenagers: okay!! Me: so what is new? Teenagers: nothing..  


 because she was clearly in love with him so obviously he cant be a paedophile. 


i love these random feelings on anxiety. it's the best. 


I hope too many people aren't in shock about Tom Daley coming out? didn't see that one coming  


OMG. Fed Chair Janet Yellen wears the same dress twice. What was she thinking?    to love when you find out someone messes with your violin...don't worry it's not like it's hundred years old 


My friend squeezed my wrist cause One Direction was performing  Now it freaking hurts. Yay. Thanks. :/



WOW David Cooper to the Indians.  Let's go ahead and give him World Series MVP 


 just want to tell you, YOU'RE my  can we  together next trip?  and  ROCKS!!!


A big thank you to  and  for further isolating Canada from the international community!  


 way to   look like a  because it's pretty  everyone  they're from  Sense the 


 radio guys sound as if they are having a blast.... 


There are some very interesting ppl in this world.  


The fact that I don't have to be anywhere until 10:30, and I've been awake for 45 min and can't go back to sleep  yay! 


OSU...overrated? Surely u can't be serious  


" My man is coming up!  !" Nothing has ever gone wrong during a contract signing.  


Thanks to  for convincing me not to take  Money Line at +245, or for San Diego +7.5 


 Ha ha yeah Alan Partridge is real hes not lol.  like it.


Nothing like a freight train going across the road to slow up progress 


  would be better if his namesake resigned from the Syrian presidency 


  good thing we've got those speed cameras to give the cops more time to control other crimes.. 


  pedestrians obviously need to be more aware &amp; vigilant &amp; watch for  cars driving onto sidewalks 


dinner with       goodness...I am so glad people are just so willing to help me move...   


 yup. Have a show tonight and tomorrow night.  


Mental note, food is bad         


Please someone.... make all the idiots all go away     I'm nice until: You annoy me. You piss me off. You screw me over. You get on my bad side. You give me a reason not to be.


Lol more play-a-makers RT  No, we have other better players   Could be a good game for our only


Didn't know Twitter worked off the grid  RT  Off the grid.  it's amazing how quickly Missouri got that "SEC speed" 


A walk-in clinic is the best place to spend a Sunday. 


Breaking News

The Lord our God has been suspended from heaven due to lots of folks dislike what He says





"Plaintiff, always mindful of judicial economy, apparently submitted one response to address three of defendants motions."
 


 global warming rears its ugly head again stay hydrated during this heat wave 


How presidential to say this.  Aquino: Boring if Philippines has no problems   Tavares didn't kick the puck in the net, he kicked Fleury into the net.  


Damn parents didn't get me the remote controlled tank that shot candy couldn't be more mad!  


Being ignored by my wonderful friends  LOL 


Nice to know i get invited places with mates. 


I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesnt follow the script.  


How about that? The competition you play actually does matter, never would have guessed that 


Another good day for England!! Bet the Barmy army are loving it!! 


28 ppl in line  and 1 poor soul working. Thankful for trance remix version of Little Drummer Boy playing (insert 


  wow some people really know their hockey! 


Okay. We can stop bragging about our boyfriends and the gifts they gave you. Because we truly care so much.  


Harry Reid using the "nuclear option" on judicial nominations could badly affect the working relationship between the two parties. 


How can chas be in emmerdale and I'm a celebrity at the same time? 


The  should stick with Matt Flynn going forwardeven with ARod healthyright? I mean, stick with the hot hand...


These SEC defenses are so rugged and physical 


I love the concept of having to sleep in the same room as 3 other people.   


PC Mastercard makes it so hard to set up a password, i don't believe I've ever logged in successfully.  now that secure 


Congratulations to a great Christmas Eve TV schedule  and    


OMG they are so deep. They make my heart mealt 


so, nobody noticed that cl got prettier? poor her. 


 But Al Gore says the poles are melting, that must be a false report. 


"Don't suck..and you won't be bullied."  ....the worlds most sensitive man ever...


Thank you Hydro-Quebec for cutting electricity while I'm studying. I feel like I live in the Stone Age.   


 I'm surprised more boys haven't favorited this tweet   


Glad I'm babysitting so much and making so much money... 


I hope everything feels better on Monday. And no, that wasn't  .


Surprise surprise never saw that coming   
 Dallas is back. This is just great....  


One thing I LOVE is being pushed in the pool with all clothes on, AGAINST my will .   


However would I know it was snowing if it wasn't for twitter? 


   don't know you or what you're talking about, nor whether you recognize 


I just love nights like this....nothing to do.....  


All flags against the  are inadvertent.      


Did Sandy make Grandy an offer that's dandy?!  


Do miss the fun times. Ah we'll can't wait for a night out in Boro Saturday. Just to change things up   


 and what's .5 half of an employee?   Hate clinical terms of hard working folks who r more than an FTE


 But the Premiership is far more competitive than the Pro 12 right? 


 I'd take Ponder over Romo ha   


Dang I hate that for Bama and their classy fanbase.  


   but I still like dan the man. Good man, just not a powerhouse coach


 then you probably don't want to know he's opened an Italian restaurant  


This line is moving fast! I've only been here an hour and I'm next 


I love how I get to stay home all day in this beautiful weather.  


Living out of coolers for the second time in two years second brand new  fridge has died.  


Watching all 5 seasons of 90210 because I have such an amazing life.... 


 that guy is so great he can go ironman for us 


  that'll make a world of difference 


After 6 holes...triple bogeys on the 1st 5 and double bogey on the 6th. Days getting better already! 


I love the fact that all my friends still want to hang out sometimes  


Omg guys a possible freeze for almost two hours! Bust out the warnings and bring in your pets!  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


sumtimes i wana b a porn toon animal so my dick n balls r safe in my body n jus unzip my crotch they pop out like a  


Dear neighbor kids. Thank you for teaching my daughter to sing Wrecking Ball. 


 new twitter handle should be  just kidding 


3rd &amp; short and the almighty super smashmouth most powerful running game ever went shotgun?  


Yay my right canine is coming in backwards...so my smile looks worse :)  


Just settling into bed. Finally   


Yeah, because THATS the right attitude  RT  I am so fucking sick of this team. Every fucking time.


Shout out to   for the great gift tonight.  


Urea, the chemical that's mostly found in your urine and makes it smell bad, is also found in cigarettes to enhance flavour. 


Yay! Can't wait for tomorrow when everyones asking for you. 


btw, congratulations to Coach Jim Schwartz &amp; the  on a very special season!   


Common courtesy is supposedly hard to have on a consistent basis 


I've been in louisville so long, I feel like I moved back home. But the joy is cut short, and I'm headed back to college  


Shocking! Richie Incognito mocked ethnicity of Miami Dolphins staffer - ESPN   


oh fantastic  captures jedekiah! and where do they carry him?? to their subway station! awesome!  


If its on the internet, its got be true, right?    


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


Oh no! The years almost over! But its been so good to me!!!    


What? A house all to myself? This calls for... A giant all night homework party!  


 idk why you're having problems, what with those thorough instructions and all 


Here's an idea. Let's clap for every good thing that happens in the movie. 


Great play by Rinaldo.  But numerous penalties killed off might give Flyers momentum for rest of game


 glad I got my own special miss you tweet   


Running back controversy brewing on  Matt Asiata is 2-0 as a starter.  


  Most coaches who are 3-20 against good teams I support. But I treat him differently. 


Left the house at 6:40am, only just home. That's nearly 12 hours of exam fever. Sometimes I just love my life 


I love how people go from "SUPER HAPPY!!!(:" to "imma punch you in the throat" in 2.4 seconds. 


Wow don't you look cool in that photo with the fag in your mouth!   


 I'm sure they're not overrated its OU is amazing/underrated/ thin backfield 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Boy oh boy can I not wait for 8 a.m. practice tomorrow! 


 how did Triplette not call him down by contact? 


I wonder how ill ever be able to fall asleep without rocking back and forth...   


I love the creativity of Stanford's offense.  


Great news.. My upstairs neighbors have done what I previously thought was impossible- they are louder than normal  


 might as well include all MnSCU schools, except 3...I think only 3 closed out of 31 institutions. Yay, us. 


Exciting weekend of studying for a test and writing a lab report..  


"I think that's what they say in advertisements watch my little pony, ponies and rainbows and shit"  Never fail to make me laugh 


Everybody is in someone else's business, trying to donate 2cents! I'm glad we care for one another!  


Hooray for being on "snow crew" at work since I live close.  


    great shout that mate!  


Toll prices in Malaysia is very cheap if you compare with Melbourne CityLink  


I love sitting at home, alone with nothing to do or anyone to talk to...yeah.  


How bout you post a few more times about your day it's just really interesting... 


are you serious?? pope francis the new obama? vatican II like "new coke"? and, per usual, very well-witten.    this was on my home group leader's counter. I think  would appreciate it.   to the ridiculous amounts of rain, 128 will be so much fun to drive on  


 now  say they never received it. MERRY CHRISTMAS GUYS.  


Nice to know  customer service is up to par during Xmas  


 oh my gosh, Daigo uses two armed modes instead of one like the others, that makes him a marty stu in my book. 


 naw its a really sensible time so it is:) 


Watching Charlie Brown with my mom lol what an exciting night! 


 How unreasonable he justify to the club why he picks his own kids over the club captain.   


I'm  I know, that's a shocker.  


Me sick + moving tomorrow = a shit ton of fun  AND it's supposed to snow a good bit...


 fund liquidation, fund liquidation, fund liquidation, and oh year........ fund liquidation...  


Up to take 6 kids to the cinema and for food for my sisters birthday, gonna be so much fun  


No place I'd rather be than a workshop for how to take a claim after 2 months of taking claims by myself  


 neither should the entire starting defense, or anyone on ST or LG, C, RG OR THE RT Thank u that's all for now 


Haven't even gotten out of the car yet and I'm already freezing! Working outside today is going to be GREAT!   


Now, I think the Holder should be fired. How many times have we "indicted" the Ridder/Penguin only to see them walk?  


Yes. Let's give Taylor Swift another award. She obviously needs an ego booster. 


My Nike Frees aren't so damn slippery on the court either. Awesome basketball shoes Adidas............. 


Only if Paul Walker had lived long enough to see  lose... 


  but the Silver report seemed super crediable!  R u implying things have been reported prematurely?  


" Nothing like listening to fashion critiques from Kelly Osborne. Because she is soo stylish.  yas.


Romo being Romo!!! Let me guess Romo lovers.... It's the play calling right?! 


Today's Opposite Day! the colts/chiefs put up 89 the Saints/eagles put up 3 at half, and I love me some One Direction  


If you lend someone Rs.50 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it. 


Thank God she hung onto her phone even though she couldn't swim!   TTYL: Tourist (cont)  glad the Phillies are making moves this offseason though...


I'm hearing multiple reports that  are looking at Youkilis as their utility infielder.  Feel he can play quality SS.  


I'm sure everyone at the high school reunion bonfire tonight will be shocked that yes, I am still in fact awkward. 


Saying "no" due to inagility alright " IT departments don't say "no" simply for fun.  


My favorite words to hear at 11:30pm "Mom I puked on the floor"   


I sure hope the neighbor leaves their dog outside again so I can hear it bark ALL NIGHT LONG 


It's been such a productive break so far  


I get chocolate on every new pair of jeans I buy. I guess I like giving them character. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Good thing the light in my room doesn't work so i have to do everything in the dark 


I use  because beating the crap out of people is in fact frowned upon in most societies.


 OH...no, not you.  It's my other Masseuse that I go to every other week.  She's    


  Now, that's delicadeza. I wish the others would follow suit. That is...if they know what it means. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You haven't seen enough advertisement for a lifetime, let's stop your song for some   


Love to order things online for the holidays, just to find out it's back ordered ... 


OMG plz tell me about how much you love your bf, no plz go on, tell me more about all the cute things he does for u. 


Merry Christmas, you're grades aren't what you were anticipating, they're lower! Hope this makes your week better! Love, Kstate 


carrying a crock pot of mashed potatoes on the train isn't as easy as it sounds 


Looks like the  are doing a good job of assembling the bums again for next season    


What? Brian Griffin wasn't killed off for good? Color me shocked!  


 hag with me? And how original of a quote. Never heard it before 


Well missing a day of teaching to not getting a visa extension and seeing bridges has been the highlight of Thailand!   


The only thing I love more than holiday traffic is ...nope. There's nothing I love more.  


 guns kill people just like cars, come on. 


I love sitting in planes on a runway for forever. You know what else I love? Flight delays.    and I don't even have to split wood to like it and so what if I have a pedicure lined up for Thursday! 


All of my books bought me lunch. How fucking cool.... 


 Dirty dancing with the cooks? Oh my goodness gracious. That is shameful. 


 ...my dad snores hella badass... 
 ... 

...but he's still my pops one does tooo


OMG Sebastian Vettel won the Texas race! YES YES YES! Can't believe it! YES!  


My family is full of confidence boosters...  


Wow thanks. That definitely made me feel better. Woohoo. 


I really love when my hair doesnt do what I want it to do!!! 


Cant believe im 19 in less than two weeks   


Exactly how I wanted to spend my Saturday night. 


 :) :P  RT " Mizoram result clearly predicts there is a Rahul wave in the country"


Dentist in the morning cant wait to have needles and drills shoved in my pie hole and having a floppy minge lip for the day :D 


Y'all better start being appreciative.
After all, yesterday was Thanksgiving. 

 


I love how I'm only able to wear like 5% of my clothes now. 


Its a wonderful feeling being able to start your homework at 2:30 in the morning. 


 Good point. I should really get my priorities straight.   


    wish I was a Liverpool fan they're mint 


Wishbone is barking at all the cars going by outside. What a brave guard dog. 


 Your witty tweets bathed in sarcasm and irony tend to make my days a thousand times better.   


Yea she likes me bc she put heart eyes on my pic    


hehe! RT  You look like something ad draw with my left hand hahahahahah  at its best.


 That is pretty messed up, clearly he was voted off because he's black. 


 just assumed since everything's better in Texas I thought? 


Merry Christmas eve from every retail employee.  


Left the hostel at 4pm and then midday for the last two days and am now awake at 2am. Totally beating jetlag.   


Semut disebarang laut kau nampak, gajah didepan mata tak nampak. Puney nak puney? 


Day 2 of new business year, day 2 of fare increaes, day 2 of delays -  &amp;  you truly are winners 


Happy January the 2nd everyone, January the 1st was a tough slog but I've learnt some valuable lessons, new day new me xxxxxxxx 


 Right Just like a flea bitten dog needs ticks for balance 


My husband is sicker than anyone ever has been EveR 


 how dare you confess to such a crime??  smh lol


I laugh at my own texts before sending them....do you?     dolphins 80th MNF game!! More than anyone else!! Suck it!!!!  


Just what I need! The dreariest day ever to motivate me to complete the ridiculous amount of homework I have!   


The low tonight is gonna be 52, what a shame to live in California....  


NO MORE  WE DEMAND  will no one think of the children 


 Wait... there's a game tonight? I thought today was just suppose to be a cold day. 


I just love when Azlin favorites allllll of my tweets 


So today's  "12 days of Christmas" wod was certainly spicy. Thank you Melissa for the fun. 


Oh my gosh twitter ... Are the huskers playing poorly? I had no idea?    


You're so good at keeping a conversation going wow 


Ten hour shift....no break....that was fun 


Maybe I should have gone with the winking emoticon or  hashtag after all.


Really glad I have friends I can trust  super awesome. 


Day we come back from vacation is my birthday and its a Monday  


I do love reading  tweets when I'm on the train. Oh its cheered me up no problem! 


The economy depends on tourism, so lets drive it away:  


  can't go wrong with Spezza, Michalek, Ryan, no?  


I'm so happy that there's only 3 days until Christmas and it feels like summer in Cincinnati...  


This is how you know you have pissed off       that live in "the nicest suburbs" have sex slaves? No way  I thought that creeps only live in the city! 


Why watch the game when I can get play by play on twitter?  


 oh shit you not in the next series....?! How will we cope?  


Photo: Yeaaaaa! by  via         it's illogical to quantify a heartache/pleasure ratio? Hmm.. I guess you win. 


sick too....And I get yelled at by a friend who I was just trying to help....LOVELY. 


NOT IN WORK SATURDAY OR SUNDAY OMG ahhh officially left Sayers  


I forgot how much fun scraping ice off of my windscreen is...  


Amazing second half for  just punishing northwestern. This proves once and for all  hoops &gt;  hoops... 


That's cool, you do naff all, i'll sort out everything for you. 


 anxious to see where UF is in your final rankings... 


 Here's another one for you RT  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


"What's with you, do you need a hug or something?" - David Rossi   


 I can't wait to see all the "I haven't... since last year" tweets  don't  say that


Can't wait for another day snowed in tomorrow!  


"Oh, you again..." He's so excited I'm home!     The  you for always being there to correct me 


That's enough sexual talk for today. Thanks planning 


This will stun you, but having women work in the film industry is GOOD for the film industry.  via  


Oh no.. Please don't feel the need to be quiet, it's only 1am and it's not like 4 other people are trying to sleep   lol


Everyone's throwing the compliments my way today  


So my apartment hasn't had power for the past 3 hours.. Cool. Sunday fun day. 


Yet another blown third period lead...what a shock   typical


I feel like they don't show enough ads for Dewars on NBCSN LiveExtra.  


 was an antiabortion defense spending tax cutting pro death penalty war hero w/ an aggressive foreign policy. Yup, liberal 


 HEY....... TAYLOR! It's Christmas ! But seriously stop following me. 


 is like  . Many  still don't get it.


It's shocking to hear that Tosh Lupoi is being investigated for impermissible benefits. 


Now, their M.O. is to blame Black people (who are victims) for the ongoing problem w/racism. Nice. 


I love the fact that some people ignore me  


Thanks for the tip  Glad to see you're taking a positive stance for civil rights!     Person of the Year hours ago and still no tweet from  yet about it. Sheesh. 


So Turner Field is 17yo and is being replaced? Makes perfect sense. 


 I think snow is white... I know, I'm a weather racist.  


 I can't image why, other then Obama trying to govern our lungs. 


"We'll stop being sad"

Oh look your magic words changed my mood completely!  


 denies claims that they make fake profiles to lure men... Yeah seems legit 


Nice going Obama; you killed 17 innocent people at a wedding with your fucken drone!  


Stunned that  are the only people in New England who think the right call was made Monday night.  


Nothing beats sleeping in a bra and the leggings you've had on for like 2 days straight.  


"How can Barnes &amp; Noble compete in 2014 and beyond?" 

Damn, why did I never think to answer this question? 

 Caron misses net with the shot...shocking. 


Yes I speak fluent  17 Signs Sarcasm Is Your Second Language | Thought Catalog  via 


Thank you dear boyfriend, for wishing me a happy birthday.  Or for texting me at all...means a lot :*    


Thank goodness liberty is so busy a needs ski check open....


Nice phantom illegal formation call on Arizona there during the blocked PAT   


Well this is just want I want after a long day at work !  


So what if I've had the flu for over a week? It's not like I hate it or anything  


+insulting me till the teacher told us to shup up... That girl is crazy:/ This day can't get better 


Start to do homework at 3 in the morning, Yay!!! 


 the $7 airport voucher is all I could ever ask for. I may split a bagel with the man I met at the airport bar last night!!! 


 haha come on bro, you know me better than that. I will be sure to include   next time.


This girl in the gameroom is just awesome and brilliant....  


Great. Just great. Caught a cold on  Just absolutely great. 


 because that excuse would make it appropriate to say something so racially charged on national television 


That point when a Jr higher begins to learn  is the most difficult years in a parents life


The thing that most people hate about weights is... they're heavy. 


 James Neal should get a lengthy suspension too.  I'm sure Milbury will rip the Bruins and Penguin organizations. 


Alien: Take me to your leader.

Earthling: We don't have one.

     favorite part of the holidays is when all my family members from out of town SWEAR I've grown since last year... 


First snowfall in  ever. It never snows here.   packed and ready to be kicked out tomorrow. Watch it not happen.    


S&amp;P 500 back above 1,800. Order restored to the universe. 


It's only 500 dollars who wouldnt want to 
buy these...  got a desk..now ive somewhere to sit when I do nothing       is to care about football more.   micahleebearden  great for someone to prove they love you:
Leave you.  


Sooo pumped for chem lecture right now   


Always good times having to repair a snowblower when it is 8 outside.   


It's a long white socks and saps kinda day today....   


I think Bray is extra angry at  because he mentioned his dad in a promo.

 


 fair play for miming on strictly this evening. Fair play to you. 


5th best PP in the league...  way to go  


It's hotter then a nuns cunt in a dildo factory over here 


I think another girl on my timeline should tweet the picture of Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams.  


  It is the All American game. Not the All Canadian game. Get is right. 


This may be true.. Sincerely a sarcastic person... Lol      only to turn up on the news for marrying his boyfriend!  He had to vote that way.  


Imran Khan vs Homophobia:  via 
   


It only took Partials 250 pages to pick up the story... fabulous -__-


At least soldiers get as much recognition when they pass away as Paul Walker is. 


Thanks  for getting the trains as close to the time they're due as possible! You guys totally nailed it 


Victoria is my fave place to be on a Friday eve 


   WTF is wrong with you guys. A poll on if Jay Carney should keep his beard or not? Journalism at its best 


Yesssss. I'm so glad I'm working today on Christmas Eve. 


It's WAY too hot out, and it's making me majorly depressed. On the bright side, I get to wear a dress to go Christmas shopping!!!! 


Tornado watch until midnight. This should be fun. 


So sorry to all the kids who parents just couldn't subdue their sexual urges. You are going to hell :(! 


Press conference at the city ground still plenty of seats available.   


So  you are telling me that my blocked borderline-sociopath ex can once again see all my posts? Nice job! 


Oh man it sucks that I missed out on summer this year and have to put up with this winter shit.   party is going HAM!! Best ever and this old school Mexican Shit music is amazing! 


Fourth day at home doing nothing ... Fun    


 B/c he was still scared  Besides what had he to fear, after all he still has not even been arrested. 


Almost forgot tomorrow is another day at the hospital  


I love this feeling it's fucking awesome.....NOT     


Wings lose in a shootout. Yeah, we didn't see that coming. 


Picked a really terrific night to pop a tire, because the weather is just perfect outside..  


I mean, who needs a girlfriend/boyfriend, right? Yay for all the single people out there!  


 I've seen at LEAST 11 electric cars in this city. I expect a correction in your next tweet. 


Being woken up at 8:30 on a saturday morning is just lovely....  


Ahh gosh I just..I just wish it would cool off a little bit its just so flippen hot outside ya know lol. Best way to stay positive 


I love how any woman who slighty threatens Destiel is automatically a "bitch" or a "slut" 


Oh goody.   RT   virtual pets return to Europe and North America  Ball tomorrow... yay...     


A Goodmorning text wouldve been nice after the amazing conversation we had last night...  


 wait no 49 ers?!?! But they won 5 Super Bowls!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 


 It's been over 100 hundreds years since a world series win so I mean it's possible... 


Thank God, that took long enough.  " Sriracha vodka is a thing (  think I'm gonna try to do the  Paypal card deal today. Pray for me.   


OH NO.......the snow is SO deep this morning, I'm so glad everyone bought all the Milk and Bread in Central Ohio!? Bahahaha  


Geee! Don't yall just love this weather!     how I can rely on lexie so much you guys. Lol 


~I have never faked a sarcasm in my life~   


Love showering when there is no hot water  


And it's only the end of my first semester of college.? Can't wait for more sleepless nights. 


 Draw your initials onto historical landmarks.We hv no respect for them  


But, but, but.....will Domi still be employed for the playoffs?   


   He's great, but no Dane Cook...





 I miss the way you used to call me a bitch in front of my friends and then wonder why people didn't like you  


 yeah it's the big bro...it was a bad joke.  


- LoveBoat? - ... ;-)   ( has nuttin on me... ;-) xx


Following someone else's foot steps......... gonna take u far in life 


yaaaaaay. getta watch a football game in the rain.  


The weather in Ireland here is so nice!  


Flurries... Sounds like a storms coming for sure 


My feelings seriously terrify the shit out if me bc nothing I do can fucking change them (:   


Mmmmmm let's see, who shall be my  ...the struggle because I talk to so many guys... 


Nice to see he volatility decreasing in Bitcoin &amp; Litecoin. 


VDN was such a horrible coach. Doc is on a whole different level! 


Christmas arguments about food are just brill 


  you've have such a life you have to do this. Role model AhHH.   I sound about as thrilled as this Wally kid. 


Great new app and widget ESPN has, I mean look at that score!    this is probably the best invention ever.    no better place for your fitbit to be than at home, while you're at the gym running for an hour.   


Breakfast and groceries shopping dang I'm spoiled 


I have to take a health class next semester as a business major. I mean it's not like I took it in high school and middle school. 


I really love being told what I can and can't share on my Facebook wall. 


  writes me the nicest notes ever in 6th period 


love it when sasha sneezes in my face    


Love wakeing up with my nose bleeding   


Cant wait to read all the tweets about how dissapointed you are about who won or lost Idols  


Wow, these SEC defenses are as fearsome as advertised. 


Thanks for insulting these respected actors just to get website hits.  RT  Hiddleston vs. Cumberbatch  Mahmoud would really condone all these mixing events in sac   


So much mediocrity in the world. So little time to mock it. 


If you screw over a good girl, your messing it up 4 the next guy

-that's why I only mess wit heartless sluts haha
 


Excited to wake up at 5 for a flight! Happy my roommates are watching videos on a loud ass TV. 


What a sweet way to start a relationship off. You must really be proud of yourself for that one.     


well well well, it's not like it ever affected me before, so why worry about it now?    


 No, No, no, you got it all wrong. The reason they are good now is because they are in the  


Last day of the year pero nilalagnat. Wow ha? Ganda ng ending ng 2013.  


Leaving an hour early for your shift because parking will be non-existent! Now that's a sign of a good shift!  


Oh my god Heather, I don't think you revined enough One Direction today.   


 our convo must have bin soooo interesting :/ 


Idk what everyone is talking about it feels like summer out  


Saturday night &amp; Im sitting at home. By myself. Playing halo. Sweet life. 


Ohai UPS. Nice to know that you aren't delivering my $120 package. I appreciate that decision. 


This all just proves how well you pay attention to me and what I want.  


I'm in love with  Oops I mean his music. Stupid auto correct  


Everyone in this parking lot is so full of Christmas cheer!  


  Do you think we'll really see snow this time?  There was SO much last time I didn't know what to do!  


The best twitter account of all time.   


So ready for this 10 degree weather back home!!  


     
I didn't feel any pressure !!!   


Oh it's -40. I don't think it's cold enough.  


Right!?              16 yard net after that punt and facemask is close to the  biggest gain in field position all day 


 Whatever you think will showcase your amazing talent.  


I was waiting for you to chime in with your oh so important and correct opinion! 


I have a feeling I'm gonna have a great start to the new year. 


OMG I wonder if we have school tomorrow.  


But like nbd 16 and pregnant a still on it because that soo important 


  My God, man...this is a family channel!  We don't talk like that here. {it scares the tree huggers} 


 As you should be! Quite the achievement  lol. Now make me lunch . I'm starving 


All I want for christmas is a sammich, bitch  


 but not sashimi so they aren't TOTAL monsters.  


Found something even better than plain oatmeal .. Plain rice cakes!  


 dude..... Good I want to be studying all night 


 Wow!! Tht wasnt hateful at all.   


Of course...    Time for 3-on-2 JUSTICE!  


 Cause Meech Lake is where politicians get it done!   Prediction: after much debate, studies, etc 


Oh don't you just love sweat. It's so nice. 


Is it bad that I almost consider the dislike of  by a woman a deal breaker?  


 when I think of Mike I think creative music writing and amazing husband!  


This is what you've called special performance for end year stage? Oh    since 3am, you know it's going to be a good day 


I just literally got excited for nothing but on the other side kudos for me for actually winning something. 


  This is why we need a playoff. These controversies are going to keep happening 


Man it's so beautiful outside right now!     So, I got up at 4:45AM 'n there's NEWS? Is this right? YEP! AND COOKING? Good Move    


Roomie had to wait 3 hours to get someone to come fix her car and there's a weather warning for Hays county. What a great day! 


Cannot wait for a 3 hour lecture on drug calculations 


Well thanks for that delightful bit of news, I'm sure its going to vastly improve my summer  


I am so glad I've developed this horrid cough right before two back to back tests. 


This month is just getting better and better with every day. 


Watching March of the Penguins and thinking, yep much better off in concrete faux ice home. 


Really looking forward to getting up at 4:00 tomorrow 


  did people really think he was? 


Your logic it's incredible...  UN: Evidence links Assad to  war crimes  via 


 thanks for the unfollow, really made me smile 


 Umm actually its SSH

   

 


  is the best   not sure thats a saying but it is now.


The always reliable  cable coming thru in the clutch.   


 not me, I've just slept for 3 hours!!!!  


Boy, I'm just pleased as punch to be working on Sunday! 


If all that matters is record then give Saban the Heisman.  


 '9 months of mood swings and problems. Oh yeah, don't forget all those bills! I expect he'll pay that. 


  hoops has a 20-12 lead on Wake Forest in The Bahamas. Really?! Basketball is on today?  


I picked an awesome time to get sick..    


City away united at home back to back. Exciting fixtures ahead 


So is it game day or something?    


Gosh I love when people don't text me back it just makes my day.


Can't wait to wake up at 4 in the morning and sit on a bus with a bunch of guys for an hour... 


I'm so happy that I get to work outdoors in this weather!!!!   


Yeah almost as hard as the AFC North.   RT  Must be real hard to play in the AFC South.........


I'm so glad that 'Awesome Sauce' is replacing 'Cool Beans'.  


 Didn't realize you were on  payroll haha  


I love how my mom's friends call me and talk to me about their problems... 
 


Villas defence is looking solid with all that experience 


Everyone knows the best days start at 2:30 am. 


To the guy who is using the smith machine for squats and using no hands; you're such a badass! ....   


Bobby Ryan is from Cherry Hill New Jersey? I did not know that. Thanks for reminding me eleventy million times, Comcast. 


I love the feeling you get when you tell somebody that you love them and they don't say it back or even reply &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


 and you're her granddaughter? Honestly doesn't sound like u have much in common 


Oh good, a low of -2 next Monday.. I was worried we would be stuck with this warm weather. 


I love when VP of the company is here
   


I just cleared the 100th paperjam of the day. Awesome job  C6280 printer.   


FS Carr not invited to Heisman. Too exclusive for small school failures like Faulk, Tomlinson, Young, Kaepernick, Dilfer, McMahon. 


    - I was not aware that Adam LAMBERT is on The Voice. 


Let's visit the school librarian after hours without a phone call beforehand.   


Thanks FedEx. Me either RT  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


 I'm from the west so it was keystone light - no bitter beer face 


I'm thinking of taking up bowling fashions. What do you guys think?   done to the Celtic fans you must be very proud  .That is why you'll never come to the premier league


Dear local networking thank you for playing Houston-New England it's the game I really want to watch 


Carlyle wonders why Kadri lost confidence. Really? Public beratement, Ron Wilson tactics     


I love when Z wakes up at 5:30am, wide awake, screaming and laughing.  


Its kinda nice to have all the indians in my school hate me cause I'm a daughter of a counselor.  People can be so sour towards you.


Wow Family Guy brought back Brian....totally didnt see that one coming   


My ex-girlfriends grandma was sick so we went down and I wanted a vacation.  Aww, a man with a heart.   


Some guy on the internet just called me a 'loser'. I don't know how I'm going to carry on. 


  actually..... i didn't ever thought that I am beautiful or have lovely eyes, figure, etc etc so ... 


Having soooo much fun babysitting customers in line for the XBone  


MURDER WITH SARCASTIC INTENT by Dani Amore  via        


Guys that wear sports coats over their jersey are awesome. 


No wifi cause grandparents live in freakin Brazil. So ttyl twitter 


.  That's true every time it happens:) 


Way to go Rock band i am so proud of you guys and i paid so much attention to how well you guys did! Good job! 


Malaysians dont do embarassing stuffs on internet or else people will bash you or the least ; ended up insulted by Perosak Bangsa 


I hope paul george doesn't get a fine for flopping.bc it wasn't! Pacers don't flop! Only heat do!    


 WHAT?! you didn't sign chelsea wolfe cause she sounded like deafheaven?! I'm shocked..... lolololol 


  omg, why wud u call Cher that name? For that matter, why wud u call any1 that name? You're a classy human being. 


Blackberry v. Ryan Seacrest, a battle of mobile heavyweights.            

Oh sorry, I didn't think I had to end that with 


i love how we all are stuck at school when there are so many horses just dying to be riden out there    


Can't believe the silence coming from Jets fans on my TL after we lost. Letting the team down folks...    


i feel like i do my best work past 2am   


 on DVD with behind the scenes features. Now we can really understand why that movie sucks.  


 I guess Buffalo isn't used to playing in the cold 


 launches effort aimed at   I hear he is teaming up with Magic Johnson in this effort. &lt;- 

 and now Riaad Moosa! I mean make it a bit harder why don't you 


Nothing better than standing in a queue  at the post office 


I wonder which celebrity has a nude leaked because it is totally not all over my tl 


 Your blatant hate for the Packers and Rodgers is laughable.  You still mad from cowboys game?  


"Jonnie starts a singer career."

And he needs Zayn's help.

Jonnie reminds me someone..

oh,yeah,he reminds me Perrie,his sister!




.     a Dr just pays 100,000s &amp; many yrs n school so they can screw ppl 


I'm loving these low gas prices. 

It's Obama's fault. 


What nice weather to stand helplessly by our car waiting for help.  


So I guess no sleep for me tonight ? Sounds great! 


  I laughed reading Florio's power rankings, taking a shot at the Texans, which is shocking. 


 Ah. That's called  So no. I'm not grateful at your attempt to drag  through the mud because of a particular thread


Holy cow that tshirt I ordered 2 weeks ago just shipped yesterday!  


  Well if Hilliard is gone I say sign the Bills up for 13 wins next season. 


Love when my computer keeps shutting off unexpectedly 


I love it when the car breaks down on the motorway! 


Thank goodness everyone prepared and warned us about that blizzard out there! 


Thank GOD the Dow wasn't on a losing streak for a WHOLE WEEK! Phew!! Everything's OK now! 


Really great paint job  I can seriously tell what our condo fees go towards.   fans getting gassed over cleverly s first goal in a year  


my direct deposit decided to make my day even better by only being the amount of $107. I love my job. 


 thank god the game doesn't crash every single round if operation locker! 


Shout out to  for showing the Louis' catch again. 


Mention Emory medical school one more time mother  


Idc that I have a food pudge. It's   just means I ate real good food.  


Well... You're off to a great fucking start.  


I see we have another one of those SEC defensive barn burners. Boy, I wish OSU's defense was as good as these  


 yes and that's clever to do it in Zulu because everyone around the world understands Zulu! 


 thanks for sending Allie home with some buckeyes  


I just love waiting for my boyfriend to decide when he's ready for me to come pick him up from pine..   


This place is slowly killing me!    snowing I guess I'm running on a treadmill at the gym today. So much fun! 


Randomly my shoulder goes numb now. Feels great. 


 i love  just as much as you do. Awesomeness! :)


  lmao I don't know why he skips. MIS is such a fun class I can never sleep the day before I get excited  


 but the difference is that smoking marijuana is ILLEGAL! 


"I love your hair." "Thank you, I grew it myself."   :D


What a great lineup for a Friday night      Ok and Okay 3 very different thingsng hard 2 cover up their own    


Baby sitting plumbers. Best part of a hangover. 


DisnESPN really chose CLE/MIA over SA/OKC... but they don't love LeBron though 


Love getting home to find my house stinking of smoke!   


I really missed the people on bikes flying through campus.. 


 I know right? Shame on people for showing remorse for a stranger they appreciated on screen. Bastards! 


 We want Alex smith back because Kap can't throw!  gotta add the  


  oh the horror of people buying you things :) 


 Why don't you just toggle god mode in skyrim that would be soooo interesting :-) 


I'm not rude. I'm honest. Not my problem you can't handle the truth.    


im sorry. i love you but i cant date you. you dont make enough money 


Playing to the cameras. That guy is totally humble.  


Once again, uni's organisational skills are second to none  


  

Wow! Your parents must be SO proud! 

What a little charmer you are! 


. it's tough on here. I need to add  next time. Lol. 


Ohh great. Guilt! I haven't felt guilt in a looong time!  There is nothing like a family dinner.


 It's not real? Just ruined my whole world.  


Spending the night in the Moscow airport terminal. Fun! 


I wasn't sure if Mizzou was "man enough" to play in the SEC either, CBS Announcers.  


 That was  NEXT time, I will use the tag.


 - was I one of them?...
...
Actually, I was probably all 3 




Love when my cat attacks the Christmas tree 
Waiting to wake up to the tree on the floor. With her pretending she didn't do it.


well...
this year is off to a brilliant start
 


 lol your work tweets are full of you loving your job 


Who has a friend that this applies to?! Just 5 plus P+P    Sounds like Lefebvre knows what he is doing! 


 Yay to more blackouts and mediocre coverage 


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


   oh shit that was you? Damn if I would've know that... My bad you did so good tonight!! 


It snowed I am so happy. Now I get to spend time brushing off my car, shoveling my driveway, and having wet feet.  


Now that  have found an elite starter in net it's time to get back to planning June's parade!  (but Poulin looks good)


My wife just informed me that I'm allowed to have a sugar-free Vanilla soy latte on this diet. Sounds so delicious. 


  thanks for the follow bro................. 


Man, it's about time Taylor Made launched a new product. They were definitely due. 


 Dung beetle's couldn't survive without shit. So you can't be totally useless!  


Facebook is reminding me that my own birthday is coming up. REALLY?? OMG, I HAD NO IDEA. 


 Aye I like your fucking face. Wonder how that dick looks?!    you'll never knowwwwwwww :O


I'm glad the nurses at school know what they're doing  


8 hours sleep in the 2dqys. Because that's healthy 


Yeah!!! Radical!!! Awesome!!! Great weather for the first day of school! Thanks Baby Jesus! 


I can't get over how much I love this class.   


Too hot for ya'll           ur not even going to respect your OWN "read in 5 bus days or it's free" guarantee!  NICE JOB  GREAT JOB! 


It's insane how likable you are.   


Handing out Gift Cards is Classy, but handling out $20's is Trashy.. Capish?    


 They need to be paid to come to games, just like the players. 


Thank you very very very much for this great day. And it's not even finished. 


Casually telling  my  knowledge at 02:13Am ;) yup I totally haven't read the book    xxxx


  What? I thought they'd all be up on the hill! 


   I'm offended John, I know people that have stabbed their eyes out. You shouldn't tweet that! 


I hate reading drama books. It makes me cry! I'm sticking to crime and thriller genre.

 


 glad to see that the high level police presence wasn't wasted at the  game. 


I'm really looking foreword to the Socratic seminar tomorrow 


Think I'm high off of bleach fumes.  great night at  


just a whole bunch of wonderful things happening to me.... At work, outside of work...  


Tonight  was 1-5 for 2 points, 6 rebounds and 1 TO. We sure miss him in LA!   


.   BREAKING: 4000yo extinct Mammoth tusks being sold as trinkets  Denver Airport  


Could never have guessed Mount Union would be playing Wisconsin-Whitewater in the D3 football championship. 


Oh and waking up with a sore throat and stuffy nose is on my top ten favorite things  


STILL in the Premier League STILL in the League Cup STILL in the FA cup - what's not to be proud of  


     coming...great! 


Thanks  for airing the chargers game instead of    


Sarcasm is a complex form of communication. Intelligent people are able to use it as well understand it easily. 


I love my life so much. All that matters music video comes out at midnight in my country. Wow I love this. It couldn't get better 


Thank you Instagram for spoiling tonights Degrassi for me! I know I can count on you for that!  


More dubious  this  VB scoreboards feat. yet another cricket legend. Thanks Heals!   Oh yeah... Some of you DID ruin it for me last year.  


Hmm...  or A bowl sponsored by TaxSlayer afternoon? Wow, give me a minute...  


 Geometric sweaters are trendy. Get with the program! 


Get ready for more Phil Robertson news guys...A&amp;E called off the suspension.... can't wait to hear more about Duck Dynasty!!! 


It's a great feeling when people are writing status' about you, makes you feel a million times better....  dick.


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Of course blacks were happy pre-civil rights. It was a free market utopia then.  


   all so      Wow. That would super impressive to beat a non league team. 


I love the smell of sexism in the morning.  


I've become really good at this "being sad" thing lately. It's quite amazing. 


  hahaha.  My  -  -       I sure hate it when McCarron doesn't do well... 


Geeze dad, those flowers you didn't bring mom a beautiful!(: 


I love when those flipagram videos go so fast you can't even see any of the pictures.  


Stocked up for  '14, episode IV (oops, slipped into  and  ). Lol  ASD did offer to share Aussie personal, financial &amp; medical data with America &amp; whoever they get it stolen by but US declined 


Wisconsin fans must be thrilled.  RT  Just got word that this year's game officials will come from the Pac-12.


Aww my body knows how much I love to sneeze that make me sneeze every 5 seconds! How kind!... 


Sweet everything just keeps getting better and better 


of course its nothing big , its nothing big it all. it means absolutely nothing. ha. 


My evening will consist of people I haven't seen in years looking at me weird and telling me how tall I am. Yup cnt wait 


Today's maintenance emergency: No heat or hot water. I'm excited to see if it can live up to yesterday's broken water line fiasco. 


I just love when people tweet but not text you back... 


  1st time I've ever been referred to as a "you people" That  is wordsmith  


 graces the commoners with her presence, it's a   ! In a  no less? OMG she's just like us! 


I love the late night winter winds with a windchill of -30.   


Congrats to the filmmakers in  for winning  It was funny, entertaining and a great short film to watch. 


Touch not His anointed!  RT" Archbishop docked for alleged illegal N7m land deal  Kartrashians spent 250k on their Christmas card....way to go.....money well spent....  


When a conversation ends with text me I'll tell you about it and you don't text back... That's nice 


" Mara is such a beautiful person and an inspiration to all of those around her and she deserves to be rewarded." 


Thanks for ignoring me all day!   


Looks like Tevin Coleman's absence has just killed the  defense. 


 release it...let it go...deep breath in...exhale out...it's time to move on...you can do it!  


 wonderful! Good thing I live in the South where it's warm. 


7am alarm turned back on for tomorrow. Thats going to be fun! 


But my college professor said only white ppl can be racist!!! There can be no debate or gray area!  


my lucky day! when I need a break from my math homework I can just do my government homework until I need I break from that too! 


Enjoying the  telecast but the Emmert interview was a real treat. 


 showing that vaunted  defense. 


Thank God team USA left Ben Bishop behind in favor of Jimmy Howard, wouldn't want all those shut outs on my team. 


Then I'm driving and all of this ice slides onto my windshield! Awesome!   oncall phone just bugged out on me  


sometimes you are totally taken by a person... Until he start talking    


Think i've gotten into that diploma. Downside, its another lets verbally abuse Josh afternoon.

Life is swell  


 thank you for all that you do Fransen... 


Glad RV can come up with there own twitter page ideas . 


Anyone watching the rams game? Don't bother, it's another blowout... ;) 


I love reading people's complaints     


I found out colonel sanders secret recipe today. It's the blood, sweat and tears I shed while cooking.  


Best feeling ever is having to repeat yourself over and over again.  


Well, my bad mood and zit breakout finally has a reason. Welcome back Mr Period.  


  but they mean they are not confined by the boarders of the countries they originally practice in 


Here is an interview I did on RT about  and the  recently:     


What a marvelous way to start a morning.  


Really glad my team is falling apart in every single way.  


 Science is just a  theory. Emotion trumps it every time. Unfortunately. 


Mr. Sago's sense of sarcasm is hilarious to me!   


Florida State looks totally underprepared. I can't see why after their really tough schedule all season. 


God I have a month to write like 6 papers... Good thing I don't procrastinate or anything like that... 


Damn I love cutting skin off my hand. Just makes my fuckin night!  


bishh plz my heels are higher than your standards   best


Yuck. I had no idea this was even an option. Urban sprawl for the win!   don't think it's cute when your thong is sticking out..so stop. Good effort though  


Santa is coming from zamfara oo!!! Don't worry he's a white man 


yeah cool. I didn't even want to go to Mimosa today 


I once saw someone post about Masketta Falls playing just an 18+ show instead of an AA show in Perth. That's the best idea ever! 


I just love it when people point out my singleness for the past few years. Makes me feel great. 


 Who needs sleep when you have all this fun Homework to do!    right there with ya bro


Gilbride showing his genius.  What amazingly non-predictable play calling.  


So in life we should only talk about the positives, not the negatives. Great learn of tonight! 


There are just 29 days left of 2013. Time flies when you are busy doing proposals and pitches...


 I agree, they should be asking for $20/hr.!


Nothing I love more than corse evaluation day in class...let me tell ya. 


 I saw film of  getting out of a golf cart I think he does that wel Not Golf getting in &amp; out of the cart 


Can't wait to see  coverage about Tim Tebow reporting for ESPN. That won't be annoying at all.  


That could prove to be a Ki goal for Sunderland this season.

I am just hilarious 


Wow I love going to school. Yes.   


Loving this headache... Just goes right along with my amazing day today 


Oh What a Grreeeeeeaatttt Way to start off  


Don't u love it when the trains already late then it just crawls along as slow as shit all the way. I do, just love it  


i love it when i am sarcastic to my sister and she takes it so personal... when will she learn not to trust what i say 


No I don't like to do stuff with friends, I just love sitting at home every day! 


Your ass must have been jealous of your mouth with those shit comin' out from it. 


So this person  just tweeted me "fuck k-pop," I'm so devastated, Crying a million tears, Nothing to live for, Sadcrysad 


   hehe, pasta is so healthy! Eat lots of starch, it's so not fattening  


somebody is missing   -     

 silicon valley, IBM and NSA. Every radio station and tabloid in Germany is an expert in quantum computing. 


"  sure you didn't.  you making my stomach work .


It's time for a toddler melt down. Hurray!   


 Nice job making the game stable and playable on pc     love dogs so much! Especially when they poop in my bed!  


I love it when i find a song and it's not really popular and i love it and weeks later it becomes over played on the radio  


i am totally feeling a whole double period of lecture notes tomorrow  


   Because when you want NBA Rumors, the first stop should be the International Business Times! 


   Wallets long gone!! Lost my license! Your sarcasm makes the situation worse


Oh, how I enjoy the doctor's office         3 hours getting my car fixed   


But for now it's time to do some lovely college course work 


  Well, those  folks  are clearly supporters of the Muslim brotherhood. 


Ohio keeping it classy  RT  One of the more memorable Big House exits:  it's a song. I would never tweet such things about any person in particular 


Brace yourself for the BEST  picks you will ever see.  Running on 0-9 streak. Going for 0-14...here...we...go...


  holy shit the cynical asshole-ism in this Is actually comically disturbing to say the least lol. 


Happy birthday Jimmy! Too bad your in jail!       


I just love sittin in airport.   


All of our sites and email is down. Totally awesome when you work on websites.  


How are we not the best offense in the league?   


Have to stay at work 5 hours longer than I was supposed too...  


 maybe you missed it but  says this isn't an emergency. 


// you see what I'm dealing with... I dont know if I can RP Joiko to victory. .. 


Thanks for not taking our opinions into consideration when you forced us to volunteer you can force your kids to work it's ok 


Mum:has shopping been?
Me:yes
Mum:how does it look?
Me:eh?
Mum:how does it look?!
Me:it looks beautiful. Stunning.
Mum:sarky sod.




 (Footnote: NONE of the last tweet was  on any stretch)


Guys guys guys I'm sure it's just a coincidence that  is the same person and those four different people... 


Lepastu k. Potassium to you. bye. Renungkan lah doesn't mean your words are gempakz you are super matured &amp; genius  


 Please attempt to talk to my guy again. It's my favorite.   


OMG?!? Doing THIS will increase your iPhone/iPod battery power!!!! :O that's FRECKING amazing!!!       according to that picture Percy isn't strong or powerful Nice  


I like the way you lie to me, is so adorable   lvl expert


Laying in bed all night watching Christmas movies by myself. Things couldn't be better. 


  thought you may have been this arvo with your mate taking a 5 for. 


You know what I love more than anything? Being forced to go to church. 


The lady with the child support still broke...she got three checks but living at home with her momma! Yea that's success 


24 hours until 20 hours of airports &amp; airplanes... Can't wait!  


WOOOHOOO!!!!! RGIII gets one point in fantasy!! Set off the fireworks. 


ATTENTION:Please tweet me your grades that you got this semester. I REALLY care so much and want to individually congratulate you. 


Hey guys is there a double rainbow in Alabama right now? I HAD NO IDEA.  


Thanks for the -7 temperature Kansas.  


That thing that happened last night was a test. And guess what mister, you  Can tell you reallyyyy care. 


I love when my hands get bitten 3558288461638 times by the same dog. 


Breaking News: Stephen Jackson to be dumped by  How did we not see that one coming??   


You are still the same bitch from a couple years ago! Please keep putting this sweet and innocent image off.  


Bill Self yelling at an official?  I don't believe you.  


The most important of all issues in our country  RT Family Guy Fans Petition to Bring Back Brian  wish you would have just came over, well now I don't get to see you for 3 days and no way to talk to you  


 well good thing you made a new friend ;) 


 hahah good comeback you should get a Medal for that one I'm glad you know your animals you smart cookie 


  so proud to live in Australias obesity capital 


Back in Texas I'm really going to enjoy these two hours of sleep though 


This kiss I'm going to get at midnight is going to be amazinggg! Oh, wait... 


On the painkillers again. Walked a short distance and now abdomen, back and neck very painful. But it's just anxiety so that's ok 


I like all the man hate flying around twitter the last few weeks.. Makes me feel so very loved -.- 


  "Wee boy"? Naw, he's a big man, so brave and smart. 


Actually I'm not fly, I'm an idiot. Even I know it.   


 we obviously have picked the best of the best  


 Trust there's white kids doing it to unsuspecting black folk on the streets of NYC. White media ignore it. 


2 separate women held up traffic today going 15 under the speed limit bc they were texting and driving. Safe and intelligent 


Thanks Northwood for screwing me over my last semester here. Way to end on a high note!  


Love it when my mom talks about people within their hearing range!  


Aw poor Gus with his team losing. Couldn't happen to a nicer man. 


 maybe he talking about then Italian variant Mambo Italiano. 


Hey guys! I just saved .25% on my student loan interest by switching to auto pay! Yay!  


Tina Turner relinquishes US citizenship. The country weeps.   right she's better than me  she's really not.


To pissed off to go back to sleep. 

It's gonna be a freaking fabulous day with 20 two year olds! 


vettel winning by 7 seconds, taylor winning 6-1. Competitive sunday all round 


I hate that feeling of having so much on your mind that you can't sleep. Despite how tired you are.   


i can't figure out why most people can't afford to go to a  hockey game 


Can it get any colder so I can keep getting sick before I go on vacation...? =__=" 


After watching chopped, it's so hard to believe  was stabbed in the head.  


This weather just says Happy Christmas doesn't it!!!!!  


 got to thank Spurs for flying him over and doing the medical 


 Love the Hofstra radio airing the islanders  

Is that Pickler?


The establishment created the problem and, after 51 years, the establishment finally 'solved' it.    


Braxton Hicks are back tonight after a couple of days without any. SO MUCH FUN 


Dammit! Love driving long distances on holiday weekends     looooove when the first client of the day no shows me. 


*carring on with my last tweet*So when she's in the shower I can watch her!Eww im a dirty pervert    because we were totally the ones driving not like our dads drove or anything  


 haha no I'm not shocked. That's why I said  Haha I like the show too


Totally rock and roll watching Match of the Day, waiting for the Cricket!  


What? No! Not again! Who would have thought this could happen?!      Brooklyn Celtics won against the Toronto Craptors! We're contenders again!    senior girls are being the perfect role models  


The pass on 3rd and 1 worked great. We probably should have passed it on 4th and 1.   


   It sounded so serious though. 


Light snow &amp; -21 today   Right Now it feels like -43 in the wind   


I believe I just saw Nick Young's first career assist.  


I love waking up for dance team at 5 in the morning.. 


It's going to be another great year. Note: 


One week left and then I get to go back to school.  


Yay I'm staying home and watching movies with my mom and Chad   


I like how my parents think they can be heard from the opposite end of the house, through a shower, over my sister singing... 


  a mess." It's so sad isn't it!! 


      has no place in the  Fraser. 


 brilliant, so glad she's running things. 


   3 cheers for the Heritage Foundation's only good idea! 


14-Year-Old Attempts To Rob Taxi Driver At Gunpoint  if they ONLY HAD BACKGROUND CHECKS IN PLACE!!  


Taylor Swift stuck in my head all day?   


  There was at least 4 others thinking the same thing. You set yourself up!    &lt; too funny


You know your family is normal when you're watching "The Hitcher" with your dad five days before Christmas.  


Just lost my teacher - school supplies tax credit.   


    But noooooo!!!! I miss 3rd and 48 with Pryor !!!!! 


    Much better than a cycle track on M Street.    I'd love to spend my summer in an accounting internship.  


Oh I love how the rain makes most of the snow disapear and makes all the bogs melt 


 those roadworks earlier this year to prevent flooding were so worth while 


I'm really looking forward to this 16 hour shift....its gonna be great I'm gonna get so much done  


David Murphy is the missing link to get the Tribe to the World Series! 


Thanks Xbox Games with Gold...I finally own Gears of War...woo...


All these text messages are getting overwhelming.. 


love when my family is the worst moods ever! makes my day so fantastic! 


Your breath smells like you took the gold medal in an ass-eating competition! 


Wow... that Soldier Field turf looks immaculate. 


 I'm being a good politics student and not watching question time 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I just realized that  stands for How I Met Your Mother... Yeah guys, I'm with the times.   


 that tweet was full of wonderful thought   


Thank you BC Transit for making me half an hour late for work today! Your awesome   


Pre-thanksgiving "Pruna-palooza" -        figured it was a long shot, we pay so little in property taxes it's silly to expect it 


I just love flying. It's just so awesome and great.    


When is Lecavalier coming back from his back injury?

(NOTE: 


 So sugar doesn't make you hyperactive? What's next alcholhol not killing brain cells.  


Routine traffic stop in Menasha on Christmas - officer smelled marijuana. Christmas just wouldn't be the same w/o getting high 


 Can't be! This has no impact on current students! 


 Yeah, that's okay.  At least they got a "Michigan Man" on the sideline.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 ME:hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha guess what...? HIM/HER:What? ME: screw you, you two faced B*TCH!! 


 If they're not using their damn mouth then I see what you mean. 


I love my job so much, I've even given up my social life!!   


Sounds like I'm missing a nasty snow storm back in  Darn. 


Logan Thomas     Who else do ppl have as  QB then?


Another shit game in the Pissburgh house of horrors. AWESOME. 


Must be super hard to play with a guy like Crosby..thus the need for Kunitz 


 according to message boards we need both special teams and recruiting therefore  


Sleepin's Cheatin', don't want any anyway do aaaaaa.  


  you know I'm dreading this Marcus. Perfect timing for me to come home isn't it? 


 funny thing is i really care about what people think of me so i think im just gonna go cry now 


I love how everyone has friends except for me!    


 that sounds like a terrible waste of time. No fun in that.......

 


Don't you just love it when everyones in a good mood 


at least  don't have a  problem, begining with their "leadership"    


 come on Rob, fair's fair. Reading that someone has installed their app is more important than your club's next game! 


I just love when my phone just randomly shut down 


 so glad the Wizards didn't feel they needed him and cut him. 


At least my Patriots-Panthers SB prediction is still intact. 


It amazes me to know I have to have insider information to have an opinion. 


To all you students &amp; teachers that weren't ready to go back to school and wished for all this crap, thanks a lot!  


Hey uterus, you can do lots of nifty stuff. It's awesome how we're besties. 




 hes probably hurt which highlights the need for wenger to buy a strikermaybe he can trigger Suarez clause 


 Stellar 1st half performance by the  resemble the good ol' perfect(winless) '08 team...way to go! 


 Can't wait to read the stories of genocidal flooding, massacring the Amalekites, incest, rape, torture!  


I hate that I'm done with work for the day and it's only 10 AM ... 


 ): but I wanna cut it and grow hair as fantastic and flippy as yours    


 oh yeah definitely should have done that 


Love how much my parents support me and my dance career  


 wow what an amazing fact, I totally didn't know that.  duh.


  you wish you were twins with me...that way you could be as beautiful as me   


 Wow. Check out your Elf name. This is wicked. 


Let's remember LSU has a coach who is great with clock management. 


 WTF?  First its your health, then school, now hygiene that is preventing u from camming. Get your priorities straight 


U know what i love most in the world.....hangovers. 


In 2014, I will try to figure out if I "really" need 5 facebook accounts.  


So we buy a new duvet set from  only to find a pillow case missing ! Another trip to Fosse Park  ,


I just want to say thanks to a certain science teacher for assigning a lab report over vacation  


chopsuey for lunch, soooo good     


 " You miss me, but you're not doing anything about it. Sounds convincing."


 thats the illuminati : they planned the steelers winning super bowls an getting fans  


 lectures are 2 hours long next year oh dear   lol xx


That annoying moment when you're trying to look at advertisements, but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
  


 I can't believe I voted for this podcast  


 obviously I'm acting like female  go to sleep that's why I took you home


. Me too, especially since they were going to hit the military! 


Of course I'm looking forward to getting up early for class tomorrow! I can't wait to learn! Learnings my favorite.  


 "launches media offensive" according to  I'm sure that will turn out well.   


 Hahahah!! I swear right now their is no FISH in the POND! 


 that he's better than hoke   


   If you don't like me please don't pretend to like me


Today I got yelled at hit my toe broke something and bumped my head this day is starting out great 


 c'mon john, you know you want to trade it, big event risk coming whats to worry about? 


I LOVE my early birthday present!!! This cold rocks!!!  


A year ago today everything was perfect. Now look.  


Wanted: staff to replace the idiots I,m working with.must be able to string a sentence together and count to 10,


So that is why Franklin is playing over Pondexter, buzzer beating 3 at the end of the half 


Thanks A&amp;M... You are really representing the SEC well in the Chicfila Bowl.... 


Mengajarkan hati2 dalam bicara
RT " Epic comeback    I'm glad you think he chose you. That's why he told me when it happened that I wasn't losing him in any way.  


Another great performance on opening drive for  D.  


  im so glad we met them before they get big!  


especially when I know my mum has got me one of these and that its my 'main present' woooo   for that, really felt like crying  RT  I made myself sad   is on tonight? I totally forgot don't see how, it has had such an amazing build up 


I just love hearing about how terrible my father is    


That awesome moment when you realized you left the script you need to facilitate a class next week back at DU.  SMH....ahhh


 Adriana Lima   look how anorexic she is 


This, homework, work and practice......? My kinda Saturday    yeah, Thibs would love to have Bynum on his team. Bynum would work hard and show his love for the game.  


There's too much excitement in Greensburg  


 but they were on a break! *circa Friends Ross/Rachel* 


 Stuck in Detroit....wonderful  should have stopped to see us!!


S/O to the punk kids that thought i'td be funny to dump their left over popcorn on my car. Now there's a good prank... 


I appreciate everyone commenting on my lack of makeup this morning. Honestly I had no clue 


 Where's THE UNWINDING, huh? Why don't you guys FOLLOW THE AUTHORITIES in these matters?  


 I tested your theory. Just ate a bunch of cookies and chased it with water.   Now I'm 520.  Still need insulin.  


real fuckin great seeing that bisexual erasure is STILL happening with the news of tom daley. 


Its amazing the ads play fine but the videos won't im sure its totally innocent  


Cause the  have a track record for winning in January  


Slightly disappointed no one made a "no goal" joke after that Calgary goal was waived off. 


Wow, that Brad Smith looks like a right prospect.  


Because we're the stereotypical teenage couple who had people take pics of us kissing    really love being ignored... It makes me so happy..   


. silly women, expressing their opinions in public. 


Your Basic Snapchat Info Just Got Leaked, thanks  (first dose of 2014    I just realize that i have been used... I gave you my heart and you didn't care. AWESOME 


Love when people have phones and don't answer... Right  ? 


Pedro lagi bagus nih. Hattrick loh. Bawa Bara comeback. Ulang voting Ballon d'Or bisa kali.  


Haha gone from a point clear at top to out of top four in four days! Let's all panic!!! 


Good to see the Arizona State defense giving it their all tonight. 


  seems legit  profits that much but teachers no longer able to claim $250 deduction on taxes. 


Waking up to be questioned if I'm the father of a sluts child??? Great start to my week!  got it? Get it? Good!


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 aww poor them poor souls, how will they ever survive, its times like this I weep for the less fortunate 


Shout out 2 all those gangsta rappers, didn't know gangsters where so talkative 


Welcome to new  Where you now have  + comments. Woo. This is such a great feature! 


 thank god for that. I was sooooo worried. 


Having a great time up here in West Virginia freezing and NOT skiing!!!  


"Would you like to make Internet Explorer your default browser?" Yes, and I would like to create a 'MySpace' account as well 


 apparently and he was real creative w his name.   


thank God the  signed Mike Dunleavy in the offseason! Who knows what we'd do if Derrick ever got hurt...  


Wish oomf would have said "kiss me" on my  


Please, tell me more how I'm not good enough for you  


Winter is here! The first of the seasonal hacking fits occurred today. Oh hooray! 


ILL FIGHT YOU KID

LOL I DONT WANT TO WASTE MY TIME ON YOU

BUT HE WOULDNT FIGHT ME

ILL TWEET AT HIM THO 




// I don't think I like beauty and the beast much... What do y'all think?    didn't you know you were supposed to stay in a cave until 2015?  


 not today ;)
However, I am touched by your concern, sis..



Weather update!! In case u didn't know ... ITS BRRRREEEEzing outside!!   


Spurs have obviously ran out of money and can't appoint anyone decent,not that I'm complaining it's a blinding appointment 


 Because if there is 1 thing  stands for, it's not using 1 sentence to ruin a person's life. 


I don't know who Bethany is but she's giving away Mota.  
   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


So I can't wait for November 12th so we can finally see Christmas commercials, ads and decorations...  


Why didnt Toronto get a high stick penalty for what Stafford did to Flynn? 


  he has done so much good for this country it's unbelievable!  


Man Michigan sucks at basketball... They only won by 23 pts. They must be awful...   


Loads of people in world that clearly care.  


I feel sorry for people having to go back to school! I really do 


just learned s&amp;d just got another round added! Go 4 rounds to win! Thank you 12 year old!   


I regret saying that we need homework... Gonna have an amazing weekend now..    


 hahah you know me to well! Was about to reply with 
But yeah definitely hanging


A man handed us a pamphlet on Christianity through the drive through window. This has changed my life.   you ever think twice? YEAH don't think twice its alright.  LOL  Don't Think Twice by Mike Ness     clearly dunks correlate with greatness...  


No biggee. Just SuperBowl of   RT Our apologies for your flight 'a cancellation &amp; we're sorry you'll miss 


Bestnya celebrate new year dengan dorang ni. Single forever sangat kami semua. 


It's Monday..back at work..first day back in my own office..I'm so excited.. 


   Oh yeah, that seems perfectly doable. 


Now that the ashes has finished for a bit I'm wide awake now, uni is going to good tomorrow  


   they can always bring back Butch for the rest of the season.  


taking selfies in the library is a struggle 


Nothing sexier than a girl in a band uniform. Ah well. Geaux Cajuns!     no Ortiz?!?  RT  6 amazing candidates. 2 lucky winners.  Most ...  till closing tomorrow the. In the morning Saturday . Yess! 


 Didn't he also insist there was no video and that he didn't do drugs. But I'll believe him on this one 


Christmas Day, yay. Can't wait to go on facebook tomorrow and see my newsfeed polluted with girls taking pictures of their presents.


What the world needs is more trivia. Let the Power Elite worry about those big complicated issues. 


Im glad im so worthless and I mean nothing to this family! Jeez my family loves me soo much.   


I love it when my sister implies that I'm an alcoholic.. or reminds me that I'm still 20 and not 21.   


Warren Jones was sent back down to the AHL after going 8-3, 1.41 GAA, and .950 Save PCT in the NHL. Kid just couldn't hack it. 


I hope when my kids are 13 or so I can teach them to hate people. 


Don't you just love when someone ignores you...because I think it's awesome 


Na its fine honestly i didnt even want to go home tomorrow anyway 


 might as well call the game Auburn jumping us no matter what now 


 should be taking notes from Flynn about how to play in 4th qtr and get a comeback 


I can't wait for Auburn to show everyone how "unbalanced" they are.    


Just got an immunity with this kind of feeling.. thanks to you..  


Being forced to watch pretty little liars with my girlfriend.  


 Yeah considering Rafa has more majors you have to go with him. 


My sister thinks I don't know what she does  FUNNY 


 won't be denied. They now only trail 45-7.   


 I'm glad we have a fast scoring offense 


The AVB weather man hasn't been tweeted much  


Last day of French! ... until next semester that it is...  


Yeah so... White House Down.... It was an okay movie... I'd give it 2 stars... Potentially 1 and a half.  


I love having a cold. If you feel like sharing your cold with me let me know....  


 religious fanatics just fanatical irrespective of their religions.. What an unity !! 


Its okay shehzad you can take the last 100 as a leverage and can get out on Duck in next couple of matches. 


I can already tell today is gunna be a FANTASTIC day. 


 I thought it was from Thundercats.   Yeah lol that's not important though. Like that'll get me anywhere in life. 


Only got 6 questions wrong on that Chem homework so yea the glass is basically 68% full...  


My favourite part about the holidays is hearing about how my friends/acquaintances are all going to awesome places  


Thanks to  for encouraging me at the puppy store today 


I should get up before the sun rises every morning. It's so much fun and I get all the sleep I need. 


 Yea. I totally wish I would have stayed... 


Graeme Swann should probably change his last name to Duck , what an excellent match he has had  


My blog today is about  'artist of the year'...check it out at    


and then you got the nerve to ask him for his number. haha bitch you funny. 


 wait to get all these snapchats of guys driving around drifting in there trucks right about now  


 NIALL KEEPS MENTIONING THAT HES IRISH EVERY OPORTUNITY HE GETS
He's Irish?! REALLY?! Hmm I didn't know that 


A sentence-2 sentences......am ya.Feeling great now 


  how can pandas have canines but eat bamboo   


Couldn't think of a more perfect way to end the night. 


Guys. There aren't enough Jameis Winston jokes 


Gee nothing gets me more hyped for a workout than christmas music. 


 cause some men think its fun. Personally I think its a blast! 


Cutler throws a pick? How surprising.   


 The  Mall is packed! Black Friday shoppers still going strong.  wow it's so packed... 


it's kinda funny when your life revolves around you talking about me  

Thanks for thinking about me all the time  


Rick Scott struggles with promises on jobs  via  -What, Voodoo Economics DOESN'T work?!  


Here at Central Michigan University feeling offended. They are the "Chippewas". So disrespectful to native americans.  


Wow. Water is conductive. Who knew.  


Sky must be absolutely seething about this. I wonder if they'll reduce subscription costs as a result?...  


Portland: The city that gets a 1/4 in of snow and slows traffic to a crawl.   


   that is full on NAST! what a bunch of dicks. Nice to see that  is alive and well 


  I'm sure LeBron read this and is going to continue winning because of this one tweet...  


You saw my tweet about you? What a bloody shame that is, I'm so very sorry 


no no, i am not the least bit creeped out that you messaged me randomly after 1 year , asking about how i'm doing.  


Whats better then 74 teams in one stadium wrestling at a tournament for two days straight?     Forrest Gump Haha" clearly he is picking Bama and wearing      u can tell that we have recognized u.. 


My wall paper on my laptop. Boss is impressed he said.   haves feeling thanksgiving this year is gonna be like every other year, no dinner just stay in bed bc I have the best family. 


The run game has been working all game, so lets just continue to run up the middle   


What an effort by Brady to tackle Miller after the fumble recovery. 


 you keep forgetting in your fav??? Wow. I feel so special 


So glad bitches don't invite me to the parties anymore   


So pumped for school! I can't wait to see my teachers and do work!   


  Shame on you for living the good life guilt-free after losing your sole source of income. :-)   GOP


i love that super cute thing you do when you text me back for hours.
  


'I adore having my baby woken up'  ...chapter one of my new book 'living with inlaws' 


 I'm sure Belichek will be forth coming with any important information concerning the injury. 


Cops everywhere today. Must be spreading Christmas cheer I bet.   


 Yeah really. Good thing there hasn't been any hate on PS4 people the last week...   lol


Nothing like not having a gall bladder   


Damnit, my first goal was to not get up before noon and I've already failed. Man, 2014 is gonna suck!  


My heart really goes out to Bill Koch for getting swindled by counterfeit wine sellers. Such a tragedy.   


Great selection picking Carberry over Root.  


Are you sure when you alone nobody can't hurt you? Your mind still hurt yourself 


If the  had gone for two (and converted) after every touchdown, they would have been able to tie w/a FG during final drive 


This greyhound bus driver said i was "the only white kid on this bus" looks like someone just got the front seat!  


Dad asked me to go to the game with him tomorrow. But instead of cheering for the Broncos I'll be working. Woo hoo! 


Only on the   twice by a man with his bag intentionally, and him yelling  WELCOME BACK TO FRIENDLY NYC! 


 it's not like it was perfectly thrown and right through his arm or anything! 


It's ridiculous shots like that that are costing England dear    


Me and Ashleigh are gonna be so good tomorrow 


On my favorite transport,  Happy to be here.    great time of the year where every picture everywhere is a dead deer.  


How thoughtful of the organizers to allow us in the prom  


Now all the guys and girls can project there porn and make it like a movie oh yayyyy 


Another on-field  leader gone...the 2014 campaign looks to be great... 


Think we lulling them into a false sense of security 


There is simply not enough speed cameras in Huddersfield 


So looking forward to standing in the cold and wet watching Ollie play football for an hour   


Ladies and gentlemen this heatwave is crazy. Its 1 degree outside!!!!   


Just woke up, time to get all those great deals before they run out  


It hasn't changed.. yay.      spent a good hour cleaning the house. The perks of not having parents home 


People idk know my life better then I do I guess... 


 Thank you for my morning  Great seeing you yesterday as well!


Nothing better than studying Greek when I could be sleeping   


BCCI will probably with its (Virtual)powers may postpone the   in virtue of  Lolamlol. Hope that doesnt happen. 


There's nothing I wanna do more than lay concrete at 9am after getting off work at 12:30am last night. 


You know you play in a powerhouse conference when you win your championship game 45-7. 


Yay first pimple I've had in months appears on the first day of my new job.  


I'll be studying for the most part of tomorrow  


 to everybody and the  they shared on  with the "Are you on a  comments. Yes I eat a lot, 


Sure Uncle Buster, just bring your nasty girlfriend and her children to our FAMILY Christmas dinner!!!  


 please play headspace cowboy till the end of the year? 


Holy shit it is going to snow! The world is going to end 


Oh, you drive an Escalade Hybrid? You must really care about the enviroment. 


New android Update on my phone... just gorgeous  


  of course, is there something else going on? 


These are the coldest temperatures in the US in decades. Global warming MUST be a hoax.  


I couldn't be more excited to work from 7 tonight until 5 tomorrow morning.  


I'm so excited to wake up in 6 hours!!!    


  what a larf!    personified   v 


I didn't know it was embarrassing to go to college. 


   or the bills, they're pretty good 


  No cabs, no transit and more  on NYE is a great service to Calgarians.   Yeah, why not. He does this in the middle of every year and it always works out great. Right??? 


Daschuk, 1879, Fort Ellice: "The wise men at Ottawa know more of Indian matters than those who have passed a lifetime among them." 


 I suddenly just forgot how to swim...   so proud to say I used to work there. 


  I have nothing but sympathy for my friends who were fair and true to me during city's horror years. 


Oh my gosh how I love waking up at 3:30 am to catch a 7:15 flight out to Atlanta. 


I'm so glad I get paid to deal with things others should be able to figure out sometimes. 


Is everyone  is Miley Cyrus boi didn't c that coming 


I swear we are literally just getting out passports and headin back home.  


Anderson what are you a girl or something? Get up!


Lol just kidding about being ungrateful. But seriously, does another 12 people wanna come sleep here too?   


This probably could have been planned out better but noooo the world wants to make life a little more stressful.  


 He seems very poor and his house is in the middle of nowhere 


   bugs in Anaconda? color me surprised! 


Happy Thanksgiving! I'll be spending mine at my favorite place in the world    


It always cheers me up to watch Law &amp; Order SVU's rape episodes..


I've missed high school so much.   cant y'all act like college students??


I just love when 8th graders are friends with 9th graders just though social media 


 god I know! Since I'm oooooooohhhh so perfect  


heard "developing story, Chicago is kind of good" on TSN.....  


blarr taking my son special hour long rhythmtone later on a
 saturday just before Christmas. Must be living the  dream! 


Isn't it surprising  that HIV Drs think care is going 'downhill'.Where were they whn NHS chnges were first suggested?  :-((


First we get a foot of snow now we get subzero temps here in Chicago!! Wahoo!!! 


Putting my angel wings on now, everyone watch me on CBS!   


We chased Saunders out! Saunders should have stayed out of the box 


 Is a senseless movie.
Not to mention I've never watched it.



I don't need to get up early asf to finish this paper... it's okay body, you don't need to be tired yet 


One of classmate : "Eh you're quite early today" Me : "Accidently earlier than usual,what to do kan". :P 


Omg didn't even know it was Christmas Eve. No one has even tweeted about it 


Well this game is definitely gonna be a defensive struggle 


Feel so bad for all the school/education these FCS players missed out on due to playoffs unlike their Div 1 brothers.  


Maybe I'll spend some quality time with my thoughts tomorrow on the bus. 


Getting home from work at 1 am is great. Even better when you have morning classes. 


 , just heard new Avenged Sevenfold on  q104 radio show. Nice drumming!! 


 Everybody needs to do me a favor and fuck off you need to do me a favor &amp; chill out before I roofy you again lol 


Pryor pulls it down, rolls right and runs...... That's novel  


Oh don't worry work, I dn't need my check stub for my student loans or my bus pass for the month that you've already charged me for 


 I suppose, but don't we already have that covered with, I don't know, baptism? 
 


Props to the parent who brought a 1.5yo to the Hobbit 2. Not to mention their boys who talked the entire time. 


Its always awesome fun learning new things about someone 5 years later. 


I just love it when people say something but then act the total opposite way.   


"The angelic men totally falls from the sky and treat you like a goddess" 


"  Woah this can't be true because America would never lie to us like that.. 


I always look forward to hearing Peter Beagrie talk... 


Literally can't wait to see all the 9:10 11/12/13 tweets.....   


 isn't it? i mean why were we once monkeys and not fish.  (:


Dear guy in the parking lot: try pushing on the accelerator harder. It seems like you're making real progress getting unstuck  


 what could possibly be in your wallet?? What's so bad about a credit card?!  


Let me be the first to say how much I am going to miss Aliya Fowler in Denver.  


Thank you  and  for tweeting on my phone... 


 Root canal on one tooth and another filling. It will take him 2 hours so seems fair!  


 oh joy.. So the news will be full of ford again tomorrow... Fabulous 


 sounds like  so what I'm saying is, he sounds like a genius.    


I'm thankful for getting absolutely NO Disney invites. Wait, that was pure  


my mom is the greatest person in the world shes so smart and understands me so well and im not usually mad at her   


Market sells own 4 out of 5 days and we're still at 16,000.  


Love Sportscenter, last hour every segment has JFF. 


George likes to show his love for me by punching or elbowing me in the face at least once every night, twice if I'm lucky enough! 


   good onya. Not enough time goes into the organisation of that event 


Oh how I love getting snapchats of  pooping. 


"Hip hop's next king....Kendrick Lamar." REALLY  ????? REALLY? Sit down. Drink.  Stand up. Those are some kingly lyrics there! 


 I know I'm stretching here...but I don't think you can win with Thornton.



Kofi clearly has nothing to worry about  


Up at 330 because my throat feels like I'm swallowing knives...   


 because we're finta show dis bitch what a real dick look like  


he looks just so happy to be gng to her hotel i can spot his smile from across the world 


Happy to hear Obama's doing everything in his power to liberate Dr.  who helped Obama hunt down then kill bin Laden. 


 's dramatic readings are magical.    


Who would have thought a lack of accuracy would ever cost the  and Stave? 


ohhh you mouth on Twitter? you must be one bad bitch. 


Could Forza Motorsport 5 look ANY shittier?       


I haven't seen a tweet today about Obamacare.




A couple horseshit calls might be what keeps us out of the playoffs  


At least my goalies came thru for me last night    lol. Yeah. Because how could I possibly compose an email or watch a video without office! 


Isn't cool when you do favors for certain people all the time and then they don't for you? 


Thank you Murphy's Law for bestowing such a spectacular day for me this early in the afternoon    


 Violinists who play those screechy solos we all love 


My favourite thing is working late doing a SQL configuration on a remote session fixed at 800x600 resolution.  


 if it can't be resolved in 3 weeks and 1 meeting it's probably a bad investment. 


Love all the Internet interaction on   Hadn't watched in years but it really has a cool MSNBC circa 1996 feel to it. 


  good maybe one day you'll be with the big dawg like me. 


The 4 on 2 3pt fast break... Always a strong decision... 


It's going to be a scorcher up here at snowshoe tomorrow.  it's going to be brick


Yanks signed Brian Roberts? Oh no, what a loss 


 I was betting a 24 of beer that it was a joke. Like  . To bad Canada hasn't a party like  really can't believe the world ended a year ago...

time flies when you're dead
 


YOUR love -
Counters custom
Offence in law
Against the order of nature
Dilutes our blood
Bring about "kali-yuga"
 


I kinda forgot how much I hated being ignored, but thank goodness you reminded me.  


Thanks for trying to make an effort to chill with me. 


Wait, I actually passed that calculus test with a C+?  


 neil wilson having a shocker?!! na, dont believe you. he's always so reliable 


I really enjoy waking up to  playing the piano loudly outside my room 


100% brodeurs fault there guys he gotta save every shot every thing hes old cant get it done blah blah blah  


$PNC annual cost of 12 Days of Christmas is out. Inflation for 9 ladies dancing &amp; 10 lords-a-leaping. What's it mean for Fed taper? 


Wow.  are amazing. So talented. Not formulaic at all.  


 no act is private to the eyes of the Lord. 


Oh hey, I sprained my back. This is going to be fun with work all weekend AND a 3 1/2 month old. ):  


I work for such a great, green, intuitive company. 


Was a great plan to not use CP84 early on, cause he def has no idea what hes doing out there!   


So excited for the feast of the seven fishes tonight because I definitely love fish so much and I can't wait to eat it all 


 Please can u play 
"Avicii - Hey Brother" AGAIN, because i haven't heard enough already today!!!!! 
  
zzZZZ


 nice game bro loved it quality play  


Sometimes, I have the most back breaking job...        know what's better than walking on freezing rain and snow? Everything 


 Hopefully GK didn't mean 'breath of fresh air' o.  your unbiased political stand is really pronounced 


Well Carmelo is out for today merry Christmas to my fantasy team  


Great. Matt Millen is commentating this game 


 but but I thought they have one of the best fan bases in the NFL?  


I just love learning a full semester of Chemistry in one night  


I'm glad everyone and their mother is sick and at the student health center right now.  


 If you insult someone and they don't realize it until it's too late, you're doing it right.  


great, now  updated (more like downgraded) their look to match  "brilliant" kindergarden design 


 I forgot the  hashtag. I actually tweeted that after the Flynn fumble.


You're the person I'll pick first that I would love to talk to! 


Yes, "All together now!" That will make things less complicated. 


No you old cunt, I don't work here. I just volunteer to wear this uniform from time to time for the sake of humanity..  


 shooting percentage. Duchene is 12.8% while Hall is only 12%. 


   Not me. Can't imagine why anybody would want to spend NYE in Florida, watching a DB show. 


 Obviously their breasts put them at a natural disadvantage. 


Hey guys...did Zimmerman do something? Because he sure is all over my news feed on fb  


Jangan sebut Ho Ho Ho kerana itu bermaksud 'Saya suka Holy Water' 


 is it Facebook that I'm supposed to use as my cry pillow? Because I saw some people doing that but I wasn't sure  


Some of these fouls are just remarkable. Good thing these refs are so good otherwise this game might actually be a good match. 


Doto is like a glass of water. When there was a bit of tahi into the glass then the whole glass will be a glass of tahi water. 


Does not appreciate the white van man blowing me a kiss on my way into work!  


yes pro flowers, because i need to be reminded that V-Day's next month 


Yay ! School in my super shitty uniform nothing in the world is more fun 


Temperature's up to 16. It's gettin a little too warm for me.  


I just love being forever alone in this cuddle weather! 


 It's not too bad! I forget how many we had last year xD Still... IT'S FUN!  


 Hate to inform you that you've missed one hell of an  final. 


 clearly loving playing at  !!     shock Tom Daley bats for the other team  


  

So the Sugar Bowl should be blacked out??  


I don't think the commentators are biased enough  


Nowadays toilet is the best place to take selfie photos 


. and  stole a Pro Bowl spot from  - too much offense &amp; not enough punts inside the 20 


Only lasted an hour without breaking...... Got to be a personal record. See lol at that positive from negative!  


 but bro I've got like 10 years of madden under my belt!   


I'm glad this game is being called right down the middle   


I love falling asleep for an hour then being wide awake for no damn reason 


Lol my profile pic on here is extra classy. 


It's an old fashioned yard sale  Equip all over the ice. Shocked the  are running at another teams capt.  


 looking for a new GM? I highly recommend Steve Tambellini. He's insightful, articulate, and his hockey sense is unrivaled. 


Just spent the last 2 hours out front trying to get my buddy out...that was fun  


I twisted my knee skiing but luckily it is the one I hurt a lot so ill be off it for a couple weeks ;) 


 thanks for tell everyone its cold I was kinda thought it was hot today.  


looks like you want to talk to him instead ? "cool" &lt;-- 


Finally done these notes. Now study time yippeee 


  you are hilarious, Ryan. like seriously, you should consider becoming a comedian. 


 Oh, come on. single digit temperatures are fun. 


   RT  Denial? Acceptance? Anger? What stage of winter grief are you in 


Those pictures are clearly fake! Look at the shadows! And no stars!  


Arsenal are no longer title contenders and van persie is respectfull of his arsenal past.  


 took me ages to realise theres a LOL in that 


Who the heck gives their 3yr old kid dinner at 10.45pm when they're up at 7am the next day....  


My sarcasm tank is low, someone piss me off, please! 


Wow love when I sleep not even an hour after work 


Happy to see Global Warming is causing some of the coldest weather in decades in this country.   


I love going to a mental Heath hospital every week to talk about my issues and self harming and eating disorder! Fun times 


 I think I'm less clear. Which is exactly what we wanted the outcome of a four day national debate to achieve, no? 


"So happy to play to a full room"  
Sell some tickets then?  


The Hoosiers pull out a close one over LIU Brooklyn! Thrilling!  


Oh yay... my taxes are going up.  &gt; Council passes 14 budget, including pay and tax raises  


Yeah ISO post Kawhi vs Barnes. What a mismatch.lol 


 but why do I have to leave the couch??? can't it read it from 6-8 feet away! feh!   


I'm not getting to sleep in for 2 weeks.... greaaaat not like im mentally and physically worn out beyond my limit or anything noooo 


Judging by all the tweets, I'm guessing the  was a success 


 I hate that damned liberal socialist Texan, Lyndon Johnson 


 Capers needs to be on the sideline then. I want to be able to blame him for screwing that up too.  


Good job  some appear to be in it deeper than others. Thank god for charities   can't wait to see everyone post/pix tomorrow about the frost. 


I wonder if Selena Gomez is lip synching this song...


I love being called: honey, sweetie, and baby by a man I don't know.   


"let's be like Canada and not have a Department of Education" whoa there friend you don't want to get too socialist 


   Molecular cell biology sounds like more fun!  


 In this idiotic market, what's another 35 million?  


I think David Moyes should be knighted for his services to football. He has been outstanding  


I just love it that when my week off for intense OSCE revision starts so does intense building work next door  


Mmmm make sure you get your daily supply of bromine and fluoride. Reaaally really good stuff. It's great for ya. Makes ya feel good 


  getting into carrots and Brussels sprouts myself.. fierce money in it I believe.. 


how i love trying to function on 4 hours sleep :') 


Seriously the young scouse lad on  should shut the fuck up! 


Andy's enjoying a much deserved nap after a very hard day of yoga.     Why don't they get jobs? Where is their free birth control?   


Things were going way too well. So glad I had that wrench thrown in the works.   


As much as I love Van Zandt's conjecture in the heat of an ongoing case, his hindsight spec is uncanny...   


I just love the playcalling by the    


Slide quiz this morning. Great way to come back from break 


I love the way I'm greeted when I step foot in this house ! 


  I saw FLA play 4 times this year.  They were the real 'dog.  , but then I did misspell a word.


Love this go sleep wake up after half hour bullshit rocks my fucking world  


I love waking up and arguing. It's my favorite. 


We're very good at losing streaks, at least we're good at something 


Even if it's awful out in the morning I still have to go to timbercrest  7:30...  


Nice easy fa trophy tie for  who should continue their fine form in that competition  


Thank god Hart is back in goal. What can go wrong 


Glad that my lunch time goes unappreciated or respected at work. Awesome. 


Well I'm glad all that work was for nothing 


Wrong assumptions       sounds like fun!   


 Top save that yesterday! but couldn't you have held onto it ;) 


Nothing like puking after practice.   


 if those children's parent weren't allowed to immigrate perhaps they wouldn't be bullied.  


 and u figured that out all by yourself! Wow!   


Huntsman = RINO!  MT  Jon Huntsman Praises Obamas New Pick For Amb To China     via 


.  that's weird... My train is delayed too  


I absolutely love when my shit gets used before I even get the opportunity to use it first 


Getting ready to switch over to  I wonder if they'll talk about the bullying incident in Miami or not? 


Emergency room. Totally where I want to be on a Saturday night   we got soo much done in that rehearsal  


Can't wait to see how much this is going to cost. What an awesome way to start   


 Suarez has just one goal (in 2 games) in 2014. Disappointing


 | All hail, thee, for Your logic is simply beyond my comprehension. 


I love how my "best friend" lies to my face  


Wait,  is gay?!
NO. FUCKING. WAY.
That's a mind-blower.



Of course to end this fucking wonderful day my truck dies 


I was such an attractive child...      boyfriend hasn't said one word to me for hours. Whaat a great guyy 


Wow that  teaser explains the movie's story so much...   


Im just so excited to come back to gaylord    


Can't wait to taste all the salt from my sweat when I shower   


Wow the mall is bumpin. Soo glad we opened on Thanksgiving.   wait to listen to the politics discussion with my family during Christmas 


My health insurance premiums are going up slightly because the poor now get the care they deserve. Down with Obama!  


Nothing better than being sick on Christmas 


HISTORY! -.- ohh i love it     


I love how the  Christmas specials are now summer specials.     


my car decided to swerve into oncoming traffic.  it was great. 


. is my favorite Democrat next to Anthony Weiner &amp; Senator Menendez.  


Flight delayed, way to go Midwest.  ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) w/ 74 others)   Oh no first women want to work and now they are winning our magic tourneys. Society is falling apart. 


Great.... I'm going to have bad luck because every time I look at a mirror, it breaks. Dang it! ="(


We should win the test now that Nathan Lyon is on
 


I wish   was a prolific scorer. He is due a goal or two.   


  You don't have to worry. I already know you two think I'm cute *Hair flip* 


It's finally here. We've waited so long. Excitement is in the air. Only one can win. The Bachelor premieres tonight!! Who you got? 


Wow,  Super generous of you to give a meer $100 to the children's hospital after we spend 20 grand on your car. 


 lose. I lose both fantasy football championship games. Gotta love Sundays! 


 Xbox One can't play music from USB sticks at launch. Well shit now I dont want it. 


A huge S/O to  and  for coming in my room and waking me up! You guys are sweet, comeback anytime!   


.  is loving this right now I know...S-E-C! S-E-C!! 


Someone in Pittsburgh with a 412 area code has called 3 times in 2 days without leaving a message. Wonder what Mario Lemieux wants 


I love texting people and not getting a response, then see that person tweet something...  


Got the sexiest work uniform... Blue and orange polo and fleece....  


So this NYE I have given lifts and sang Michael Jackson on the way home. How fun! 


Rebecca Black's new single saturday. WHO WOULD HAVE GUESSED THE BIG FOLLOW UP TO FRIDAY 


 What a truly patriotic picture you have used. And what fine language. What a shining example of an American you are. 


I'm glad my internet is down on a Saturday. Keep doing your thing city of Baxter!  


Can't wait to get my car inspected tomorrow.    


 Wow I had no idea he was his grandson. 


Not being able to sleep and having to get up at 4am, when you're used to getting like 12 hours of sleep...  


We keep avoiding doing the laundry and buying new clothes cuz ya know we're ballin like that  


 You just want Vandy to fail! How can you have such hate in your heart? 


When people take 20 minutes to text you back &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


Whoever thought the website wld be the best thing about    RT  Six questions for Obama..  was  for those that didn't pickup on it.


Charlie Strong is a great selection but may not be a good fit?    


Can $C please get their online banking website back online?  much appreciated guys!!!  


 Wow, you should be scared.
I mean look at that beard. 


I can tell you're so upset.  Guess it wasn't meant to be.


Everyone should make sure they buy Infestation: Survivor Stories (WarZ) while it is on sale again. Best game NA! 


It's a good thing I'm not a socially anxious and awkward person, or waiting for  to get here would be really unpleasant. 


welcomed by the female boss with 'you sound like shit'

and a good morning to you too i replied. she doesnt do 


 oh why would I want to watch football on Sunday when I can go on the Polar Express with my in-laws.  


. They can go even lower, if we pass  today! 



Completed my 23rd New Years without a kiss at midnight. Success!!!   


" Thank you for reminding me every bell that I'm blonde everyone... Thanks I almost forgot..." 


yay now time for my 5 hour class aka the best class ever 


We read lots of  tweets that now we all become sarcastic even with talking to friends!




   Yup, in ten years if I want off the CC train I would love to roll back to CS6. 


"zerrie's wedding will be celebrate at the end of next year"

yeah,with the indian's element for zayn 'cause he's indian.

 



Finished my first half of doubles today can't wait for my second workout tonight  


 defense-when someone tries to take your beer and you protect it at all costs  


So glad I agreed to let u go to a midnight premier on a school night,  room is immaculate.    


S/O to my dog Cocoa for chasing down the deer in the background. It was so fun running after you. 


 "I was worried I wasn't going to get a tool set for Christmas."  w/


My brain has been fried &amp; served with a side of hash browns &amp; pancakes.  


FA Cup third round draw in full:  get yet another EPL Club the 691st in a row   Great freakin job Jazz. Keep it up.  it's a young franchise with no leadership. It shouldn't be a surprise


I'm sure if Lionel Hollins was the coach he could win with these 8 players  


7 yds per carry...Cowboys still passing...makes sense 


Whats this X-Factor everyone tweeting about?  


 yes you are the best thing that happen to me. God has blessed me with a handsome child.


Beware of dis sickness without diagnoses and treatment.  and 


I love when the rangers give up the first goal 


shout out to me for being so hot and amazing and an overall great person. im so in love w me. till death do us part.  


FSU defense is amazing guys! Look how well they've stepped up to SEC standards tonight! 


First Friday I worked in about a month and a half hell ya!!!!! 


what beautiful weather to start 2014 with! start as we mean to go on, eh? 


What's wrong with my morena skin? I'm proud of it. How about yours?? :) HE HE 


 Surely you jest, social media has no useful business purpose. ;)   


Oh man, I just love feeling like shit. I love the feeling of not mattering. 


60 degrees on Sunday who is coming dts with me?? 


"You are the fire and I am the awkward sound effects."  We're so productive. 


  I KNOW, given his TOTAL apparent LOVE for America and it's terrorist Christians! 


 I don't know man. I'd draft him and Guiton and ride that connection all the way to the Super Bowl.  


Going outside without an umbrella or a hat on heavy snowing. Such a great idea! 


 great shot of Will Genia as your main picture for a story about another player. You really know your rugby  


Strange day indeed. 2-3 more weeks and my 2nd light comes in! Can't wait!  


" Marine Corps delays pull-up requirement for women  oh wow no way 


People are so friendly in Buckhead... They honk their horns at you  


I don't think I could ever get enough Daughtry 


 tanisha's like self respect kya hota hai? xP  


Also, same ep (S2 E8)...can someone get Lee Adama a bigger towel...

      fact that i just got home and i still have a ton of homework to finish! this should be fun    


Oh no Stu, you've mugged yourself off there! 
Quick realisation has kicked in!  
I just hate  


Good thing I have two year left to earn my playing time...  


" Oh and top off this perfect day, nothing like your ex callin you in tears because they want you. Fuck yah -.-   me


Thank you cat, for digging your claws into my eye. That didn't hurt at all. 


Nothing like a little pressure to get me into studying harder.  


70% of people are lactose intolerant but yeah  I bet milk is good for you 


Sounding like a man is the best way to find a boyfriend  


What a great pleasure traveling with  I love travelling with a child and they loose my car seat!!  


Got a stomachs virus the day before New Year's Eve   


Morning  Hoooolld it.... Check----&gt;  loading. 40%. Please wait...


Boy, Andy Dalton sure is having a great game. 


What  should've done. I mean, wouldn't everybody do this? Take 1 for the team.    thank you for inviting me to play jackpot party casino slots EVERYDAY!  


Well the brass band at half time were good today   


 brian please dont start, before i grind you the fuck up dh!! 


The annual end of year Speaker's drinks tonight are going to be fun. 


The thought of my netball prac in 10 mins makes me so happy  


 shit. And here I was all invested in html 5. Can't count on anything these days I tell ya.. 


 I think Law and Order is justified as proper education.   


What??? BT Sport is getting the Champions League rights!! Oh good!!! 


Belichcik is so smart that he knew.....in the 12th min of overtime,  his decision to kick to start OT  would win the game 


Why you calling us shit like we're not winning the World Cup next year?  


The  sign OF Chris Young.  Oh boy, give me my season tickets now!   


FINAL:  13  6.  The good news is that these two teams play again on Thursday Night on 12/5/13!  Yay!  


 you are the first writer to ever have that thought about a high profile free agent 


 yeah Ik): and they didn't give me any gauzes so whoop de doo   did they give you any gauzes?


Cant sleep -_- gonna gave a fantastic day tomorrow 


My god! The sales at Best Buy are the same as the sales at Future Shop! What are the odds?! 


Clearly, it's his favorite movie...
  
  intercepted as he throws a bomb into the endzone intended for Calvin Johnson. He never forces it to Megatron either. 


 so glad  don't put all their eggs in one basket 


love when i barely get to talk to my girlfriend 


  that might be a treatable condition now with  


Well tonight has turned out just fucking fabulous. 


Another tremendous innings from Michael Clarke  


  RT  Hearing people "discuss" our sport who have no freakin clue what they're ...  must hate going to work with views like that  


Red Rider coming through for the Bengals again in the playoffs 


I just love wifi that's slower than my mobile 3G!   


Well that's sweet, the bus overnight back to Pittsburgh is sold out. I'm pumped!! 


 pfft yeah the gym and kitchen are the same thing! 


 haha oh... I just assumed because it was a good movie that spike lee had to be involved 


I don't mind losing you because I never really had you in the first place.     


thx twitter app for showing me notifications 


 The people being held as slaves were kept by christians, so they could at least learn the importance of family. 


You guys, you guys, Rich Rodriguez just led his team to a 42-19 bowl win &amp; 8-5 record! Bring him back to Michigan. 


I can't understand why people dislike Brian Billick. 


I'm gonna post a flipgram of all my selfies of 2013 and have "boss ass bitch" playing in the background. 


Christmas. There we go. Spelling Christmas instead of using Xmas  wasn't so hard for me... 


I'm glad my car brakes are gonna cost 300 dollars to fix!    


 I deserve a deal because I've been shopping all my life and still have nothing to wear. 


"you're jealous of perrie!"  
yeah.. i'm jealous of her!
  


 It's ok, GMGM will trade for another forward 


 To be fair, he gave everyone else credit for taking the initiative to get on his back. 


Day one of no bottles AND a ck up with 3 shots. Oh, &amp; full-force teething. Should be a fun day...  


 Jeff, could you stop being a wet blanket by bringing a calm rational opinion to this hysteria. 


  Arizona doesn't have anyone else playing 1B... right? 


Sam won the X Factor. I'll sleep easy tonight.  


today marks the one year anniversary of us surviving the 2012 apocalypse.. good job guys!! 


Such a great mom you all my brothers a hug and not me. And told them you loved them and not me. Worlds greatest mom does to you. 


i am not a jealous girlfriend lmao  I'm simply protective.


So glad Lightroom works awesome on my $2500 computer...  


A victory for the machines! Dow clawed way back in last few minutes to finish above 16K. S&amp;P 500 back above 1,800. Order restored. 


Currently flooded with day 1 LPs of 3d World and Link between Worlds hooray 


kpoppers mula berlambak dekat tl .. mohon semua offline .. bagi kpoppers tweet sorang2 .. 


Nothing says you've made it like Optimist Club Christmas party.  


 -A computer teaching itself common sense? Nothing to worry about as I Adjust my foil hat..  


My favorite thing to do on a Friday night is spinning a wet flag in the cold while marching in a parade 


 Sevilla are 6th in that pic you tweeted. Is that why costa isn't joining us? 


Owning a  is awesome the first 4 years. After that, better get rid of that POS.  


    But then - no one would vote for the Libs.  Oh now, wouldn't that be a shame ... 


 Glad my teacher decides to cancel my appointment today.  I was pissed, had no idea why she did 


Cable crossovers are what give me detail in my inner chest. Especially if I cross them really hard.  


Though I'm loving the blatant pro-obama propaganda on this show.   


Might pass through the Windmill Pub in ormskirk heard it goes off 


I love having plans on saturday nights  


It's 12:30 and I just got home from work.. Get to sleep till 4:15 and go back to work.. I just love Black Friday!   


Only God can judge. Oh, wait. And Malaysians. We are All-Knowing like God and we know everyone's place in the Afterlife. 


God I just love fans that think they know everything about the game they are watching!!! 


 Now, we have Skylanders. Because kids wouldn't have liked a classic-style Spyro at all.  


The refs are always golden in chapel hill when something matters  


Train stuck at Welwyn Garden City for 20 mins. Great news on so many levels.   


New Years is gonna be so awesome! Spending it 200+ miles away from  is just what I wanted!   


My favorite thing is when I'm driving at night and my window gets stuck when it's down.  


Did the  stay home when she got sick? No, she hauled herself to work because she's "dedicated". Or something. 


You pollute the room with a filthy tongue. Watch me choke it down so I can throw it up.
 


And then we get to do it again tomorrow  


Oh my favorite part of new years is coming up. 


Sunday night with the girls        out again??? Ohh no, now manning only has THREE pro bowlers to throw to. However will he manage. 


Running up and down hills in slush in high heels is always fun  


It's just been a great day to start off a new year...  


 Just threw a piece of chicken at my sister. clearly I'm loved  


 oh yeah that's why you took one with me today right?  lol 


  is so full of  and defintely he shouldn't get into advertising!!! LOL;)


I made this mug. Look how incredibly crafty I am.     You mean You won't make videos with any random guy who asks for a free session via twitter? the nerve! 


I love how fast the computers are in this computer lab.  


I just want something good to happen for once, so that I'm happy even for a fucking minute, 2014 is off to a fantastic start 


My internet connection picks the MOST spectacular opportunities to shit the bed. 


Sweet.. This day just keeps getting better...  



 *kicks Brittany Sharer off the face of the planet in slow motion*   (:


Jamaal has apparently been holding back the offense.   But they do look incredibly balanced right now


 that's a weird thing to not be able to wait for 


Going to buy dinner and forgetting your wallet...  


  you mean the media has been taking stuff out of context lately. 


Oh boy still up at 2:03! Schools gonna be a blast tomorrow 


They're showing skeet shooting on tv. This is so very fascinating  


Al Qaeda on the run, Obamacare a success, NSA does not spy domestically, does it really matter who dropped the ball on Benghazi? 


Who knew that i'd actually love working with kids all day 


i heard $TWTR is being added to the $SPY at some indeterminate point in the future. 


Sounds like they're just ripping off everyone elsea songs again though. Shocker.  


Aah..the sound of traffic jam in the morning. How I love it! :3  


So looking forward to this all next week.....   literally, inside out ripped to pieces destroyed. I'm glad it only cost 20$! 


 Also include Dallas screwing Arkansas out of Orgeron. 


Nothing like 30 minutes of sleep to make you feel refreshed morning! 


So the creepy guy who lives in my dorm has found a way over to where I work..... This is just great. 


I think this can of green beans is expired.      was understated in that tweet, I suppose


Laying here ... Feeling like shit.    


 aoki? I'm sorry is he suppose to be some kind of DJ? 


Can I just say, I love it when you walk your Pittbull on campus and it ferociously barks at me. 


not sure samada that girl perasan atau tak  aku tadi? oh well.. *whistle*


Like, seriously. Hey, world! You've got clean clothes! 


Oh thank god it's only 3am and I have a class in 5hrs   


That Stradlater just turned off the lights without even looking for me after beating the hell out of me. God, what a nice guy 


I love having a final from 2:50pm-5:40pm on Friday of finals week. Thanks so much Georgia Tech! 


 sounds exactly like the kind of morass that Saban enjoys. 


And this is how the day starts.....lovely  


The old reversal works every time         gonna love the finals schedule then lol  RT  I like my exams spaced out


Webb City about to four-peat in Class 4. Glad the world's nicest fans get to celebrate once again 


So nice of the parents next door neighbour to start playing Xmas songs on TV to get us in the mood early...   


 enjoying playing on the selhurst park turf !!  !!    today isn't much better than yesterday... Awesome, loving life right now 


It's my favorite time of the year. Bears/Packers fighting for a playoff spot. 


 Wow, for such a down year, the Big 12 did ok!!!! 


 what are you, a commie?  (kidding aside, don't know why there aren't even more outspoken vets on this)


I'm so excited to start my 100 question final exam review for ms. Proa... 


Pacers are 9-0, eh? Yeeea, just give them the championship now  nba edition


Sysco to buy US Foods. Hmm that's going to help keep prices down, right?   like these t-shirts the NBA guys are wearing....  


9 Huge Government Conspiracies That Actually Happened  via  Keep up the good work 


 too bad  has this amazing game buried behind an awesome soccer game  


Thank you mother nature for letting me receive more than my Christmas presents today. 


Yeah, I'm just packed tonight with things to do 


I WOULD be sick and possibly contagious the first night of tech week. Life just loves me. 


I find it really cute that there is a life size cutout made for every famous person except Adam . 


The joy of standing behind a black lady at food lion paying with food stamps is unbearable!  


I just love running on 2 hours of sleep lately... 


I could be home, in bed since i dont have homework for once, but Kelsie has to cheer for a Rucker game tonight. Yayy 


 I can give a real life example of dog health vs human health to help 


I absolutely LOVE when people tell me I can't do something 


His boyfriend must be real gay and special.. 


 Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic. Well that gives me hope  


Special shot out to the 7 HHS Jv and Ms wrestlers who missed weight today! Great job working tables!  


" Please everyone take a picture of the sky and post it on Instagram so I know what it looks like. 


 I don't want go in detail but election 2014! Jai Hind 


Love being home alone doing nothing cause I don't know what the plans are  


Home Alone, Feeling Sick, Absolutely Nothing To Do, Yay Fun 


Wait..what??!! you're supposed to wash those sheets?  RT  I hope it's more than men wash their sheets.  


Can't wait to be home for those 3days out of break!  


 If Cano really signs w/ Seattle.. Oh man. All the LOLs. // hes going because he really feels he is the piece! 


" Everyone's out having fun and I'm stuck in the ingles gas station yippee"yeah!! Oh...


A balanced diet consists of a cookie in each hand!!   


being trapped, alone in this weather is just awesome. 


I guess I couldn't tell by the millions of posts that the Packers are going to the playoffs  


I like a girls picture on Instagram, oh yeah I definitely want to get with her.  


Geez I can't wait to bring in the new year at work tomorrow night. 


I love it when I wake up ten minutes before work! 


Hubby is still in a moody sulk. Fan-fecking-tastic 


Yes, plowing the sidewalk outside my bedroom window is a wonderful idea at 1:15am    


Ear infections are the highlight of my day  


What a great night this has turned into.... 


Pretty upset that its called Black Friday. Black people get all the breaks  


I love it when packages arrives in such great condition, gaping hole and all.    how I pictured my Friday night. Nothing like being alone all night. 


I didn't no that was next considering I have a script next to me 


enBsktbll     b  shld nclud the ptin for ties, becuse if there is nything a sports enthusiast cherishes, it's a tie. 


 Everything about this Sound of Music casting is backwards! Why stick to the history? That would be ridiculous! 


I love when I'm texting several people and they all stop texting back at the same time.  


 but theyre a big 10 band and  is just some little rinky dink nothing from a no name school. 


The Derek Rose injury happened because he rushed himself back to soon lol   


Nothing says "I'm a man" like drinking a beer with a straw like thisguy I see. 


Im glad that was more important than talking to me 


History repeat itself...why dont u try to invent back a bulb...?

 


I swear, I must have the biggest collection of CMU gear out of anyone in the world. Makes Kalamazoo residents love me. 


I love when Haley retweets my stuff but doesn't text me back.   


This six hour practice is gunna be a lot of fun!!! 


You gotta love those people that spoil movies for everyone 


Is this really happening to me ? Fucking great . 


      now that's funny


Wait! A posh upper class woman did cocaine?   


Ok so first let me just say that I once worked at Mc Donald's for six days,so I know how y'all feel 


Gotta love my friends who forget who has always been there for them and kiss ass of people they put on a show for  


The transfer window has been open for a while now... Why haven't we signed anyone yet?! Joke of a club!  


It's just a tad snowy out there.     just love the days when I wake up and my hair is literally a lions mane   


The level of fun I will have in ethics discussion today will be staggering 


 Already known when HR shares the holiday calendar for 2014 in Dec '13.

Thanks for reminding this. 


And this would make our Founders so proud:    


I'm so excited for this weekend....   


guess I deserve the best girlfriend of the year award. fuck. 


how perfect would it be if you could plan promotion   


 works so incredibly well, it's unbelievable.  


Asking questions is necessary right? :/  this is what being lied to has done to me...thank you to one person.  


Wonder when these people start to arrange  &amp; FacebookMeetUpSL 


Smh just bc women can vote and become experts in fields outside of secretarial work doesn't mean we can go around having standards! 


Wow! I am really glad  is standing on the right side of history around this  situation   upset - I watched Raw tonight, expecting BIG SHOW IN A MOTHERFUCKING DIAPER, and I still aint seeing no diaper!   


Hey guys did you know that I never feed  ? Yep. That's right. I starve him.  


Being played by PDP,APC et al  " An example is ....... "  A pack of cards 


Thank you mrs long for the driving lesson. I was unaware how to drive MY fourwheel drive truck in the snow until now 


   why you talking about Steven everything at sevco is fine liquidation meant nothing :/ 


  with Ievan's Polka playing. BECAUSE WE ALL KNOW THAT SONG IS SOOOOOOO POPULAR 


Iowa uses its first TO 2 plays into the 4th Q.  Yeah guessing those won't needed later in the game   


  What? Stop another  service without notice? 


Check my  for an amazing  Tutorial   


I really love you, I need you, I want you.....my fridge! &lt;3 
    


I'm just gonna leave this here.     Dang I mixed up your and you're oops   


gotta love it when your "friend" doesn't tell you anything and you find out an important event from facebook. 


 at least the wines are of stellar vintages. 


I told you how I felt and now you won't reply to me.   


Super excited to spend my entire day at work today! 


 hmmmm! Diary free chocolate, sounds good! That's right up there with alcohol free beer and decaf coffee 


Can't go out for my birthday as I have the shits so if west ham get tonked it will just be a fantastic Saturday night -.- 


Insomnia is being more of a bitch than usual. Still here since August! Going into month 4... Yippee. 


Clearly everyone just has so much confidence in me.  


My most favorite people in the world are the ones who try to cause drama in college   


 Jake Owens is the funniest guy I know.... 


Can't wait for the 3-5 days of endless debate on ESPN about Belichick's decision to not take the wind. 


Never let correct interpretation get in the way of a good spin. 


*inspiring picture that just made so much sense to my liiiifeee omgeeee*  (but really...do what you love)  me? No, I'm not sarcastic!    


Wow those statements from the  mean a whole lot to us &amp;   are they going to let Love take the free throws later? 


LOL  Just, LOL. Glad to know you have so much foresight as to what the market thinks about certain products. 


I Hope We Don't Have Another Snow Day. SIKE!!    


 He's so good at international relations 


Time for a four hour training class at work   at least I have three hours of vaca this afternoon


It just makes me feel so special when people look disgusted when they find out they have to sit by me. 


 Hashtag it  for the slow-witted Twitter twits next time Professor.


Hello 2:30am, it's so nice to see you after a 3 hour nap.  


The choir Christmas final was tense there was some belting hymns going on there 


 But the Assad regime *never* uses DIY weapons! Only the rebels do that!   


Don't you love how well this zone defense is working for Collins??? 


Specialize or Die.      


Health advice from celebs or an actual doctor? Hmm, gee. Tough choice.     The play doesn't work   


"What was the big deal about the shutdown?"  


Monday morning DMV appointments are a great way to jump start your week. 


 btw- what happened to ophatchact and ophatchact1? you are so brave to use your real name here. 


Commie, he should go shake Castro's hand RT  Is  still going on about that socialist stuff?  


Well my new year is on to a beautiful start 


Actually got my assignment for my online class turned in on time for once. Feel like a rock star. 


well.sports talk will be interesting in Chicago    


Wait, did something good happen for the sabres? I couldn't fucking tell.   


There is nothing more I enjoy than trolls in Smite... 


'I can't hear you..are you talking into the mic???' That's what I've been doing wrong!! 


Thanks Gowerton it's not like I was looking forward to watching Christmas films and going Christmas shopping, I just love mocks 


Siked outta my mind for the plane ride home! 


my snapchats are so attractive right now I can't even 


The neighbors are loud. Which is awesome  because they like to argue outside when she goes to work at 6 am.


 Have you ever seen  Catch yourselv'ies now with your 8MP front-facing auto focus camera on the 


I'm so glad that we got out of school today. 


1) climb tree
2) go poopy in bird's nest
3) leave note behind that reads "KARMA, BITCH!!"
     


Wish I was sleeping. Gotta be up at 2:30. I love out of town work.  


Based on this year's nomination list, you will see that the  continue to be the trusted source for measuring great music! 


This time last yr I was lining up in front of the macdade mall for some amazing deals!   


dance recitals are what every guy lives for!   


 well done on the reply,  great customer service. Is my tone lost on this? 


  like I said, coldest days of the year and you can't have a fire. Gotta love government 


oh yeah totally,  I have a BIG lesbian crush on her.  


I can already see how great this day is gunna be. 


 I know. Vevo leaked SOML video and now iTunes leaked the whole album. Goooood job. 


I freaking love it when my mom is like this..... 


 you guys sure know how to suck the joy out of life.  


Nothing better than seeing your plans interrupted because of other ppl... 


Oh yeah and this game called knockout has killed people. That sounds like a fun game to me. 


I can't wait to hear Don Garber at halftime  


Grade reports released right before Christmas, thanks for the most fantastic gift ever McMaster 


Migraine time. You know how much I love migraine time. 


Ah so the bitcoin bubble has burst, that's a massive shock.  


The perfect time to get a cold the day before basketball starts 


WHAT!! I only have 31more days of break.  Its going to fast!


Maybe my floorburn will heal by winter ball tho   


I love when bad days/weeks get taken out on me for doing nothing.  


  well that was very christian  just incase you misinterpret that also


 Giveth with the 50th and taketh with the Xmas special. Great. 


Cleveland Browns fired their one-season coach today. Seems like an organization that has a clear goal and direction. 


Changing oil today was the smartest thing i've thought of!  


When my dad and I are home alone part 2    says Friday Night than a little  vs  at Staples Center Where's    write a paper on 1968 and women shall we? YAY! 


 Wow Greenwich Connecticut is a real dump lol A  win.


 you're right. Connor Cook isn't very good.   


Yes, let's all take screenshots of our phone's weather app to show how cold it is. 


  It grinds at me every day. It keeps me up at night. 


Please, Seahawks keep playing zone I love how pouty it makes  


AWESOME TACKLING!!!!  is great at bottling the runner and just letting him run (206 yards tonight) yay!



I absolutely love everyone's procrastination.  


So looking forward to work I just cannot contain my delight 


People are so courteous on  it's incredible! 


 
- "Why to reinvent the wheel?"
- "Ok let's copy+paste the whole car"
 


S/O to the student section tonight. Y'all did work. It helps so much to have support. 



Been awake from 5:40am.... today is gonna be so good 


Tomorrow last day school ea? Hmmm kejapnya korang cuti Kahkahkahkah! 


OMG DID SOMEONE SAY JUNIOR WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP??? THE 88 Won the CHAMPIONSHIP??!!! Oh wait.........it's Friday :( 


jordan seriously has the best nicknames for me... 


Haters rule the world eh?  "   Lol just ignoreeee bc everyone's a hater these days"


 I haven't gotten out since I returned from my flight this weekend. I am so excited. 


 Larry, it's tough to play golf in such perfect weather, really!  


Oh look, Boeing didn't come to Missouri. Surprise, surprise. 


 I wish I got to go back to school tomorrow!    lmao 


   Wow, they must have UCF in the Top 5 then.... 


Why in Europe, for $45, they have Internet 20Mb, phone and TV, when I just have Internet 12Mb with    


Can't wait for that two and a half hour practice tomorrow morning, bright and early at 7:30. 


 but what if the Super Bowl were being played this weekend!!  


This year just gets better and better huh...  btw


Man, the city sure smells good after raining all night 


Why would you say such a thing? RT   you look fly 


It's a shame I've got to be up early, I'm going to miss Status Quo night on BBC 2. 


  guess Burke doesn't  do a firing freeze. Not right to fire guys so close to the holidays..


The moment when the internet is faster than Usain Bolt 


the romance is so beautiful, it's just killing me.  


I love paying for internet that never works..... 


 It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


Tornado warnings and flash foods...driving back to Springfield today will be just wonderful 


The amount of 16 year olds smoking cigarettes at the train station is nuts but I have to say...they look so cool. Keep it up guys! 


Video: Im so proud of my city right now.   have ya heard of  fool? Or is it only applicable when u do it?    


Women are perfect and are not capable of cheating on Guys or breaking hearts. 


" Missing all the college rivalry games to see my team FUCKING LOSE!!! &gt;&gt;&gt;  haha


I've had just the greatest last two days, I cannot wait to see what kind of shit tomorrow has in store for me.  


Can someone 'retweet the photo of that wolves player that had r.i.p Brian onto my timeline please I've not seen it yet 


This is awesome chants for this match haha!   


Saw  2day..SuperHillarious and fun movie with   ...
Must Watch...  gap??? .Really ladies!!! That's really on your goal list..Yeah because chicken legs are sexy!!! 


 But Verizon puts out a security report.  They must know what they are doing.  


 I'm glad people follow the law to remove all snow from the top and trunk of their cars 


This has been a perfect fucking week!  


Weird ocean spray guy just awkwardly smiled at me. Is French over yet!?  


I forgot to post this last night. Mia and I are so fierce, wouldn't you agree?    dreamt I was cleaning the house. Great. That will make this day of cleaning the house so exciting it'll just fly by. 


Apparently  isn't the only one who can windmill.  I see you      


having SO much fun! why doesn't kaveler assign essay tests more often?!     boxed wine, chocolate, and chick flicks. Because I'm overflowing with happiness. 


  they beat duke c'mon they're a great team 


So adjunct faculty are now feeling the effects of the affordable care act in the LSC system. Thanks gov't. 


 If Texas is reporting it must be true... 


Good play calling and even better o-line blocking 


 I tend to just close my eyes   ay... Toilet snoozes off break and canteen snoozes on break


Nothing says "Happy New Year" like the smell of hot cross buns coming from the bakery.  


Someone buy me this so I can smell like Jay Z!!      Those family's receiving $75k PPL can't afford to pay any extra to those minding their kids. 


I love high school and high schoolers.  


How'd we get so lucky that we get Joey Galloway and that chick two weeks in a row???    


Volleyball games don't start for another month, yet we will still have practice on the first Saturday of Christmas Break.  


Going from drawing weather maps in WSI's MAX to Microsoft PowerPoint is always a fun transition...  


Always love a class of guys who do nothing but talk about sports  


 Hey Haz! Follow me for me please! Thanks.  :D x


Perfect hunting conditions this morning! Great weather! 


Leave it to  to help me brush up on my  while simultaneously making me hungry.


     ..oh yeah and an offscreen engagement. We should be so grateful 


The field looks like its in GREAT condition    


Thanks mom &amp; dad for warning me how shitty the world is 


   They would have invited Osamaji  if it wasn't for his sea grave at the bottom of the ocean!


 Terrible view at work today.  Just horrendous.

 


" Rob Ford said he is making a personal contribution of $500 to Canadian Red Cross to help  so generous 


Glad my day and my week as a whole is starting off great. 


oh how i've missed that feeling of not being loved :] 


  just shows how enticing browns job is for next head coach... 


Obviously,  Aaron Rodgers is a system quarterback.  


Verne and Gary know how to make players feel good about themselves 


 Well, after all, WHO would know WHERE the Mayor works?   It isn't like he's some public figure with a well-known office. 


 thanks for leaving me hanging earlier..(: 



 now served all day! Limited stock, get it while you can     Exactly. That doesn't praised tho does it coz these teams aren't "top 4" teams. -____- Those points don't matter. 


Wow, the  are all in for 2014!     what's going on with the Reds.  Finished 3rd in 13, &amp; doing zip to improve!


Ooo, the laundromat has a subtle scent of weed!  


I cant believe how slow B1G returners are compared to SEC coverage. Right,   


It's the most biggest christmas tree in the world     Did you see his tweet about Desharnais? Classy. 


   And who is paying for this? Oh that's right....us!!!!


Getting friendzoned sarcastically -       babysitting my sister instead of going out 


So my little brother is coming into town. And I'm out at my aunts.  


 I'll bet that's what was going on in genesis 6 too.  ;)  


 I still have to walk outside to get there.  


Thanks a lot Chargers!  If you want something done, do it yourself  Get ready  it's Broncos week! 


If UCF wins Bortles should be 1st pick and Texas should forget about interviewing Briles.  One game makes who you are. 


Yo  that one crazy girl from our religion class that dropped after like a week is in my interim.  


Thanks a lot  you guys helped out a lot. 


Man it is so much fun driving on the roads right now.


Adventures in finding lost mail today... Seriously, 3 boxes shown as delivering 12/17 or earlier and they're not here.  


  I'm preparing to buy a Ferarri! Will you help buy giving me some money?! 


Putting up Christmas decorations in the attic...  


Children are the best, just love seeing 4am! 


 Matt, don't forget the Pro Bowl, Senior Bowl and other useless college all-star games!  


Projects are my fav      


Hahaha what kinda grandpa does that?   some lad thanks for the photo tonite bud in dragon rendezvous tonite 


The day has got off to a cracking start!! :/  


Ready to venture out on this     day.. so excited  stay warm   n  parks smiling still allowed 4 now  rules nows best 


Oh look, new material  RT     Twitter allows you to send pictures in DM's now guys, just in case you haven't heard that today 


 Good morning!! 
Going to college with a sore throat and a cold...today should be fun then   all because of Mike Shula and Robert Lester that the Panthers are successful this year. 
  


tell you what, fearne cotton is so easy to listen to... especially on a monday! not a dick at all. not a bad word to say about her. 


  we got dimitri patterson off browns waivers last yr...Joe Haden next yr :) ???? 


-50 degree in the Great Lakes region! Sounds normal  


  you lead these  fans in negativity, have faith.


Watching your dad play super Mario galaxy isn't as fun as it sounds  


 its very lifelike and plays like regular grass  


Oh I forgot to say thanks for the support. 



From Sac to Stockton to Sac to HWY12 between Susuin City &amp; Fairfield.  Such a fun work day. 


 He may have a movement disorder, you insensitive jerk... ;) 


Man I sure do love inflicting pain on myself!  who needs perfectly plucked eyebrows anyways?


can't wait to walk to polesworth in my free later, with     


Casually presenting to over 200 tomorrow, not shitting myself whatsoever 


I see all the happy families are back together! 


Deep joy. Xmas shopping with my husband.  No words can express  how happy we both are  at its best


I just love circling the mall parking lot for hours looking for a spot. 


 I do not feel aaaaaany of your thoughts on this squad are on record.... 


Forgot the  tag on that last one. Now to  bed.


Standing in the mirror naked cuz ya massive like that !   


The  worst knd of change is change to the worst,uote        


One of my favourite things about making videos is the moment a technical error makes all your efforts totally pointless. 


Class RT  "106 caps for England is not bad for a player whose not a top top Player" smile Gerrard 


you know what kind of people are the coolest? the people who take pictures of smoke coming out of their mouths. 


Let's put AP, Gerhart and Cassel on the block and build off Ponder and Asiata  


 at its best,  , love the guy,  


Fiances kiss when in private, jsyk. RT  Aww, a brotherly hug for Klaine. How sweet.    


 Thanks so much Now I can't get Frankie &amp; Johnny out of My mind too 


 But he can still be the emergency QB, right,  


At the Bob Hope airport in Burbank... Really looking forward to 11 hours of travel.  


 Showing Roots on Christmas, huh?  Great oppt'y to bond w/ my family after gifts &amp; dinner. Holiday fun at its best. 


   thanks for making that early call!! 


I love the church lunch crowd at work. They're always the friendliest    


 could you please inform us if Alabama lost the Iron Bowl and the Sugar Bowl? It wasn't apparent in tonight's broadcast. 


and now Sergio Aguero is hurt like can this day get any better 


Having so much fun       but is there anyway The Chiefs can still get Tony G? 


So busy. Busy busy bee at work. I wish I had less to do 


Vada got home from school and promptly puked all over the kitchen floor. I love when they have class parties. 


The wonderful feeling of almost nobody talking to you...



I get to get a CT scan this lovely morning and it's raining again!  


Aw! Just saw Wale's Bad video. He just wants love... 


T shirt and shorts weather today. I always like to show off my knobbly knees lol 


Thanks for the smooth, trouble-free commute, Marta. 


 I imagine he feel pretty good about it. There was no need to ask the question really.   


     hence the  ya douche lol if it was shady id give my right nut to see it


I've always wanted a giant horse in my house    such an intelligent fella you are...


Replaced high beam bulb. Now I know how to fix cars. 


Omggg I wonder who's calling me from an unknown numba :o  lmao


It's ten degrees out. I can't wait to work outside all day. 


 do you think the EPL in 2014 will be boring again?  You gotta love the festive period of games.


So glad I'm back in Brookings right now  


   oh lord if some random man doesn't think I'm worthy to be a wife I'LL DIE OF MISERY 


Driving 10 hours to the beev tomorrow is going to be straight up amazing  


Chuck twitter,  is best enjoyed on Hindi Saas-Bahu sagas xD


Stuck in park mode on hwy401 near Guelph Line.  "Several multi-vehicle accidents." Yippee. 


Absolutely delighted seeing middle aged men rush in front of a handful of women when subway approaches so that they can have a seat 


Fuckin great  RT  JUST IN:   will call the NFC Wildcard Clash between the 49ers &amp; Packers.


What movie are they shooting on the  


" freezing your privates to your thigh is more difficult:   at it's finest 


explaining my sister the menstrual cycle. FUN TIMES 


I can't wait to stream to a maximum of 5 people and let them judge my gameplay! 


Lowkey sad no one else mistakenly sent me a DM. Don't you care about what I think of you? 


I'm not a die hard so I guess I'm not a fan. Might as well do a Twitter giveaway of my Cheesehead. 


 Indoor run Outdoor? You're stranger than I thought. 


 Because some styles are ok and others aren't.  Hahah right! Exactly this.


"Outstanding"  officiating on-display again tonight in New Jersey!     


Who would have thought Joey would get voted for it!  


I'm converted to a Tory! 50 off energy bills!?! So pleased! So happy! So thankful!  


I love when you lie to me...makes me feel like such a worthy person. 


 Suh to be fined for poor body language on sideline... would this suprise anyone? 


M'off to my volunteer group facilitator thingy 
 or what?! 



Been wide awake for over an hour now. Technically don't need to get up for another hour. This is going to be a great day. 


I can tell it's gonna b a really good day. only been working for 5minutea and I'm already drenched   aha


Yoga  bottoms are  Must be because Victoria's Secret is selling them...and for just $10! 


BBC uses licence fee money to pay legal bills of HR boss suing NUJ for libel. They'll refund it with her compensation will they? 


you do this really cute thing and it just makes me so unbelievably happy I can't explain, 


Having a stink bug crawling on my thigh was the cherry on top of this perfect day 


Why aren't the  taking a knee. So classless 


I just love when all friends just randomly stop talking to me without reasons.   


How odd that when the Lakers play in the paint more, they're shooting 60 percent and are winning. 


Dahsyat makanan di Kelantan ni. Sedap lain macam. Patut la hospital pn makin meriah... 


 yeah, feeling reaaaallly sorry for them. 


Sexist jokes on the beginning,how lovely  


 this ref doesn't like being the centre of attention 


Always a good feeling being left out!!  


Thank you Bangor Savings for debiting my account for almost two hundred dollars for your screw up. I didn't need that money anyhow. 


Don't you just love spending your Sunday lunchtime on hold to Sky 


 I did not realize Phil Simms was a Super Bowl MVP? Never heard that from Jim Nance before! 


I am looking forward to the clever 11/12/13 tweets. 


Sweet because I just love soccer practice in the Antarctic    same issues against the Rangers on Wednesday, but we have a great coaching staff!! 


      You've GOT to be kidding me. 


Well guess I can change my avi now until PLAYOFFS    


i fucking LOVE when you cancel on me again!   


Its so embarassin to c the names of dishes in restaurant menu longer than answers in our answer sheets  


"  di pa, next year pa.  akala ko ba may next year pa?


 hahaha.  Man I enjoyed seeing Bernard the other day.  


Awwwhhhh the greatest time ever is watching my boyfriend play video games for hours straight.......  


I love knowing what too do all the time!! ARGHHH 


We have a winter weather advisory for northern Virginia quick everyone run to Costco and  bloom now!!! LoL 


 not good enough, last I checked age 5 was the cutoff as a true fan.  


Looks like Cochran really does love Obamacare   put  on your tweet kalau nak elak punggung sakit.


So happy that  didn't join me at this family gathering -_- 


 And if you don't think this game is already over, you just don't watch enough hockey. Book marked! 


Yeah, if u RT something it will help a person come back to life or get better! 


 Would you prefer it being blasted at 2 or 3 in the morning? 


I love getting off twenty mibutes after my shift starts   


If the internet would go a little SLOWER, I'd really appreciate it 


 that guy you just engaged with was the best 


Idea. Let's all post photos of our thermometers this week. How about every hour on the hour? It won't get old, I promise. 


 Maybe he and Kessel need to play more Wii Fit and less Call Of Duty? 


I love when I cant fall asleep because im thinking about everything little detail about my life and future 


I dont knw.I just sence  in the atmosphere 


 They have finally fixed  use this link:  &amp; then click Apply   


Rest of the prem have to sit up and take notice after redshite taken apart a Cardiff side of real quality 


 obviously Greg Roman was holding him back.  


 Who is that  clown debating  ? He is a ture lying  jerk 


Oh, how I love going bra shopping with my mother...  


 Congratulations on your new credibility rating, you're now eligible to be aired on  and  networks. 


8K tvs are a thing at CES this year, because everyone already has 4k and they need something new. 


And I feel like shit...today keeps getting better and better 


         Brussels  Gadot as Wonder Woman?  Ummmm....yeah good job with that brilliant bit of casting 


My life everyday          you mean you don't want to watch the NCAA FCS Championship game Townson vs NDSU??   


 at least we'd have something to play for come the spring. 


I agree with half of what you said. How dare you call him annoying?  


Wow theres literally nothing I would rather be doing right now than watching Josh play assassins creed...


I had a perfect game. No errors, no turn overs. 


 &amp; I like guys that don't work, and don't pay for their own gas. Guys with no aspirations are so hot. 




"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life"..i wish i discovered:D 


Just got home from location 18 hour day so effin tired  


What a good saturday!!.... NOT!!!    


Laughing so hard at my youth group right now.  


 i concur . Were in such a delicate state. We need a hearder to come rally the sheep.  


 officials looking a little sluggish  


my favorite thing in life is when people dont text me back....it makes me feel real good about myself! 


Really? Thx tips.     there not cougs!!!


Its all natural, you can't coerce it out of your mind 


My sisters favorite player Jordan Nolan scored     Kansas City it must suck to think youre gonna advance then find out youre going home. I couldn't even imagine  


 Nice looking website! I overheard you thanking   last night during the basketball game. 




Azpilicueta - athpillykwta ! Wow that was simple. Wonder y did we not think of that earlier ?   I'll stick to cesar thx


 thanks for the image, I was dying to see what it looked like!!! 


"thank u captain, I won't need it captain" WOW, that was some serious sass gurrrl.  


 dude me and Sarah have been sayin it all day as a joke I take it you didn't hear lol :P 


 Can;t wait to get a call when doing that. 


loving   but whys the flying car or child catcher not in it..


  sure thing pal.  I'll follow your advice, I will no longer be led astray  


I just love spending time with this side of the family 


  hahaha noo... ? :p  And yes sure willing ko da :D idk about marhe tho


I'd like to nominate Facebook for the best user interface ever! 


My favorite part of today was hands down when my car died RIGHT as I was leaving to go home from work. 


jesus taylor swift your a little greedy with your awards arent you?  


I just set my alarm for 3:45A tomorrow. 6A flight. Yay. 


Step dads/brothers b-day dinner tonight. Fantastic. 


Whey protein stimulates muscle protein synthesis in adults?  this has to be wrong...i thought adults couldn't process dairy? 


    wow I'm so glad I'm single   someone needs to tell him to ask again


  It's monday, all is forgiven... and you're welcome, there's definitely more where that came from :D



  does an AMAZING job explaining rules to a game!   :-)


. If chickens evolved from dinosaurs, why are there still cock's combs? 


 nice red eye     


It was a fantastic confidence booster by the way, if you were wondering. 


Ok, can we finally put the whole Global Warming thing to rest?  


 Ah. All is well in the world isnt it. 


 ...yeah cause that make sense. Gay people sleeping with other gay people is really a big problem for everyone. 


" UPDATE: The  have recalled Cory Emmerton from  Great move!! 


Oh my !!!! The Kumars is coming back to TV !!!!!!  


Ive not been on here fir a while. Thought id leave a tweet. Maybe his will go viral and ill be super popular on twitter. 


. I'm really looking forward to this New change  


The feeling of always beeing a fuck up and a disappointment is a great feeling. 


Saw  just tweeted for the first time since 8/6/13. Guess he had nothing going on over the last 4 quiet months.   


Don't have a goal keeper starting tonight, at least I am paying attention to my team  


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                   


Finals week. No power. This is the best day of my life 


 You have to let people catch the ball in this league you can't hit  them....come on ravens 


I get to watch we learn videos all day today at work!! Aren't I lucky! 


"   Read everything on the internet on Dr. Myron Wentz.." Because if it's on the Internet it's got to be true! 


I'm just as shocked as the rest of the world that a southern breed,  born again Christian thinks homosexuality is immoral.   


Xfactor  Saturday nights can't get much better than this  


omg ed sheeran and jennifer aniston are dating they spent thanksgiving together they'll get married soon   I see things didn't work out.. Wonder why. 


 we went cheap on  you get what you pay for. 


Late night thursday has got to be my fave shift  


EXTRA EXTRA  ruins Desolation by saying Orlando Bloom isn't hot! In related news Pam Anderson is old.   


   Ironic that you can log into  &amp; NO ONE can tell how many are sick 


Asked the cashier about the lottery, she said someone bought $1000 of tickets, I said "That's crazy...I'll take $2000"  


 connecting flight seats re-assigned again father back different plane. Yeah! Whats the purpose of assigned seats again? 


I like talking to certain people.  practice. Especially people I used to kno. 'Well don't you look pleasantly plump'.


Who'da thought that not eating for 24 h and walking would be a bad combo. 


I hope that lets everyone understand my exciment..... for those of you that were on the fence about it


Love wearing my bright yellow volunteer sash, proper lets you blend into the crowd  


 that article cannot possibly have negative effects on conservation, right? 


Were so in this all together. Cmon Dave - Ill put on a hoodie. You bring the hugs  


Wow, this mess really makes me proud to be from St Louis  


 how dare you sir! Spending weekend time doing your job and reporting on NY Bball... how dare you! 


28 copies of nightveil specter in the GP top 8? It's like 32 copies of Jace TMS all over again ZOMG  


 You mean you don't like Corey White? Who doesn't like the awesome Corey White!? 


Hey people, look on t/ bright side...  makes t/ USPS actually look like a successful govt entity!   


The surprise no one saw coming.   Wayne Campbell to replace Jeff Gieschen as umpires' boss  for getting my tonsils taken out tomorrow morning -_-  &lt;&lt;


Shoutout to those wonderful people who think going 45kmh on the highway is a good idea  


 PK never talked bad about James Franklin before he knew you!  


not doing any homework...tomorrow is going to go so well   


First act of 2014...Jury Duty in 3 weeks. What a start 


 oh good. We were so worried he wouldn't ask. 


Tomorrow can't come quick enough, first proper game back in 7 weeks!  Shame I'm not getting another shot at fly half.  


Nothing is greater than expecting to have the day off just to find out you dont  


Just saw some white girls shaven crotch because the wind blew her skirt. I like a girl who's not afraid to make mistakes 


 RT  No foul there, tho. No contact at all, right? Just a clean turnaround jumper. Nothing to see here.


Thanks for the fast response     


 hey Schwartz shouldn't u b studying tape of Denver?! 


Doing a bunch if homework!!     god the sun sets right after 5p I absolutely hate the sun  I miss you Sub 


Woke up this morning to finish my lab report only to find SPSS wasn't working. Thanks a lot jesus. 


 sure can't you see that of course old is always better, if the system worked then it will work now 


Studio life!!             330 a.m. Sleeping less than 6 hours, then I wake up and can't fall back asleep. Need to be up in another hour. Awesome 


aw you poor little thing having to work two four hour shifts in two days. My heart BLEEDS for you 


Oh no, I never saw that coming!   


 we always get to test the coolest people killing stuff. 


So glad I took off today to do absolutely nothing! 


I have no followers and im following nobody, boy am i doing great  


I'm sad to say  isn't going to happen anymore. Whatever, it's not like I've been counting down the days or anything... 


Samer Al-Esawi (Palestinian patriot in Isreali jails) vs Mohammed Assaf (Arab Idol)? Of course Assaf! 


  dont plan your retirement anytime soon U O Dana &amp; the UFC for havin 2years off like GSP  for his 1.5 year off lol 


Go Browns!!!! Getting ready for a big W tomorrow! 


  At least their ownership is solid and doesn't have anything like legal issues to worry about 


Oh, thank God! There's ANOTHER Step-Up movie coming out. I have something to live for again!   just love coming to places to study &amp; seeing people appearingly busy on their computers when really, they're just watching shows. 


Ah Monday!! I'm so glad you're back!! There's no better feeling than waking up on your day, knowing I have 5 blissful days of work 


Thanks ms shultz for teaching me about the reproductive system ! Now I'm caught up with the world!  


  yup. That sounds fair enough.  would be slight overkill.


and you can already tell that this year is already gunna be a great one 


My Christmas bonus came in!  All of life's problems are solved!   


I just love it when my computer doesn't work. 


My Saturday night is about to be so entertaining 


If Mumtaz Qadri is a Shaheed then I am Obama.  


Ya gotta love coming home at 10:30 at night only to be yelled at by your mother. 


Well the disaster that is  has already cost one person I know their healthcare. good job   


My parents fed my kids McDonald's. Maybe they can smoke crack next time. That'd be great. 


 oooh nearly  ! Ohhh how did you remember Julie? It's not as if  push it! 


Saya mohon 148 character limit untuk Twitter kerana  dah membazir 8 characters.


 oh and manager is going home early and he's staying for the afternoon! Oh happy day! 


I love it when the room above me blasts their music and stomps around while Im trying to sleep.   


Mojo blows a tire and goes down, the Wells Fargo center shows us its a classy place! 


yeah coz ross really needs more followers   yeah cuz McGloin is giving us a chance to win....


Kunitz &gt; Giroux It's that simple guys! Everyone knows that. 


Gee... harmed me when my local school cancelled a CHRISTmas play.  Can I sue them in federal court.  


 and of course I get to work on such a lovely day  


I in no way shape or form chose Kearny as my running mate because of political calculations... 


So I've somehow managed to fall for a guy that I will never meet... awesome 


 Scientists have found that LSD cures alcohol addictions. 

Oh great. Thats real great. 


And now I have three pages of homework to type up   


I love having 2 tests the same day, it really makes sense and isn't stressful the night before at all     


 youre annoying with begging on twitter. One star. 


Nothing I wanted more to be back at school on my day off.   


  Because true peace kills so many... unlike religion. 




Can't wait to play golf in the rain this weekend! 


 inna state!! Hases to visit the   


I'm really glad for global warming right now.  Imagine how cold it would be without it  


I'm so glad my flatmate has decided to break out the hoover right before my telephone interview... 


 They want to know tonight that they needn't wake early for school; rather than having to wake to discover so. Yes, 


 It's cool. I just looked it up on Wikipedia bc ya know Wikipedia is the most reliable source ever. 


Why isn't biglerville band in the thanksgiving parade? 


GG,  Your broadcaster mode continues to be completely glitch free, absolutely brilliant. 


From tomorrow until Monday is going to have to be non stop college work...  


hi im 12 and smoke pot and im gonna brag about it over the internet so everyone knows lol     


I can do the questions we done in wk 3 of college in solids now. Major improvement 


It makes me so happy that i have to get up at 5:30 tomorrow for a track meet.. LOVIN LIFEE 


  Are you saying John Fox's genius had nothing to do with the Broncos winning 26 games the last two years? 


Each time KSU beats ku in fb, it feels hollow due to all those losses from the 65 yrs before I was born. Takes all the joy away. 


Abigail hahaha not even a surprised i knew she was the main leader when them girls were dancing in the woods the other day 


 how about some novelty shaped bottles. Not expensive at all.   world needed another Country music awards show.  


Don't you love when people tell you to do something you are already doing? 


Starting today waiting for a tow truck   


I love how you make time for me. It's awesome. 


I have the day off tomorrow yay I can be alone. 


Yay for Chris Collinsworth on Thanksgiving woohoo 


But UM doesn't foul   Officials call ticky tack and miss McGary riding Zues out with his torso - that is a foul


 1/2 Super idea. Can we have slot machines and liquor stores in schools too?    


I love how my whole family takes a shower. And loves me enough to save me some hot water.  


I love the fact that I got to stay home tonight and do homework, while everyone else did their own thing.   


  It's true you know, I lived like a King under Blair 


I love how the freezing wind cuts right thru my apt's closed/locked windows &amp; blows my blinds so hard they knock stuff over  


Make that six and a bus. Busy.  totally different to London. 


"   Nope no going out for me today...you???" Yepp...am listening to dj protege as I tweet you..:P.. haha!


NSA/CSEC spying at G8, G20 huge boon to new  economic diplomacy strategy. Trading partners impressed  


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      to go visit my favorite person on earth, my dentist!!!!   


B-b-but thats nialls

If u hear someone crying dont worry thats just me in the corner, all a-okay   are not a fan unless you are willing to shoot another fan for not being upset enough about a loss.  


Oh what a wonderful day to clean out pig pens!  


 Traffic is already horrible and The Braves move to a location without public transportation, brilliant.  


Why am i watching this pre match  so pro arsenal



  Well that's just the pinnacle of innovation...     


In other news, No Boyfriend November is going swell  


 Berkshire...located in the wonderful snowbelt 


 The BAC has a limo pick Rod &amp; I up for all events.   


No school tomorrow. Man, I'm so disappointed. 


        it's a fine day 2 be out of mine 


I just love getting attitude from one of my coworkers when all I try to do is do a good job and stay positive 


 Today was euphoric, as is everyday in super awesome life!  


Why isn't . in his speedo to prove  is real? 


"  haha yeah trust them on this one. after all why would they ever lie to us. they love us,  haha


Billy Dodds is a really good commentator...informative, relaxing voice and very knowledgeable regarding players/tactics  


Big surprise here: Mobile app developers interest in HTML5 is slipping   the sol'n to Canada Post's woes is to expand it into banking? Bank by mail! Welcome to the 20th century!  


 How long does it take hair and makeup to make sure your evil  horns don't show on camera? 


Favorite part of Christmas? Having no one to share it with. It makes me feel warm inside to be all alone.  


You gotta love when people bring up old shit. 


Made it part way now just waiting for the ferry. Are commuter tweets so exciting 


Time for hardcore revision!     be thankful for your gifts is to post a pic on twitter/IG hashtagging 'thankful' 

 


This couldn't have come at a more convenient time   


Ack!!! Guy  gave me a jelly donut instead of a creme! OH GOD, WHY?!! 


So glad I painted my nails last night so I could clean out my department's desk. Digusting  


He's ur boo, so make we off pant?.... So?  Ashton Kutcher is my boo"


Not weiss?  RT  The 2013 NL Manager of the Year: Clint Hurdle.  


This day just keeps on getting better and better  


very excited to listen to the musical talents of Robbie Williams 


Oh I'm sorry, let's drop everything and do what YOU WANNA DO.    


Man exam week is the best, don't you just love the stress  


Socceroos have some great warmup games in next years World Cup!   


It's so great when your family supports what you do 


"Wrecking Ball" By Miley Cyrus Cover:  via  I CAME IN LIKE A beautiful angel singing wrecking ball!=) 


Can't wait to see all these now-gloating teachers statuses about having to work extra days in the Summer for being off now... 


Date day with the kids   RT  I'm at Parkway Cinema (Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire)  crazy how people will
lower their standards for temporary
attention.       


Thank u voter of  2nd term goin better than first 


 I think we should raise the minimum wage to $100/hr. because that would help the economy.    &lt; ;-)


sitting in a parking lot reading ... life couldnt be any better 


psychology test, calculus test, and western civilization exam all before 12:00 tomorrow, fantastic  


It's 23 degrees and feels like 12... Waited for this all summer -


The new year is off to a great start      so glad I pay $81 a month for shitty service hours &amp; buses that never show up. Thanks LTC, appreciate the effort.  


Pretty much just got told that I'm terrible at something I love! What a great feeling! 


"I didn't pay attention to Bynum to contract."     


Pittsburgh weather is nothing if not consistent   I'm glad my $2.50 worth of coffee ended up in my mouth and not in my lap 


Man, these biotech companies are REALLY great at PR. Terminator seeds are coming  


The bus is full of 12 year olds and myself, wonderful.  


Nothing beats being at SMG World Headquarters on an NFL Sunday afternoon. 


another  internet outage - color me surprised. I really wish I knew the emoticon to denote 


Thanks everyone for posting so many weather app temperature pictures.. Otherwise I'd have NO clue what it's like outside.. Ever. 


      - take your pick


It's okay, it's not like I was asking a question because I genuinely care about an answer or anything. 


You heard it here first: Gundy to Bama  


Subban proving he doesn't belong on the Olympic team!  


I love the way the new scrum laws have soed the game up and kept it moving!  Glasgow v Cardiff  


 Boy, I sure do hate it when anoynmous people put me in my place on the message boards! 


My favorite winter activity is filling up for gas in -39C with windchill  


  Crazy to see Tom Crean RT'ing former Purdue football player tweets.   


Decorating my tree because I'll be gone the next 2 weeks..my cousin invites his annoying friend..."oh great" 


I use sarcasm as often as I can...people should expect to hear it in conversations and see it in texts! It's just who I am  


Ang saya talaga sa school eh! SPORTSfest na SPORTSfest! :D   :(


 Oliver Stone....that well known uneducated gun-nut Christian fundamentalist right-winger eh!? 


Fucking hell, the christmas spirit is alive and well in the office.  


I see replacing the head coach for the  really helped them this year.  


 This is what we teachers need...more finger wagging. Thanks Christie    know what's a great way to end your work week? Finding out that because of a mistake Payroll made, YOU now owe THEM $1,500. 


Well isn't that just spit on your neck, kick you in the crotch fantastic.? 
  


I like how Justine's not texting me back because she's sleeping. 


  good deal huh, like not restaining to nuke Iran at least 20 times  


 - hey, u can't just jump into  Takes time to absorb &amp; fully digest. 


  Yep, we sure solved a big social issue there.  


 woah dude are you telling me that if you don't get perfect grades your parents won't disown you?!11 are you even asian!?1 


The oil cabal  " Is ....... "  A team of players 


So glad to be back in nc where its 57 in december 


The cowboys have to be the greatest team in the NFL 


Really looking forward to driving on ice again tomorrow for 35 miles 


Cole is on fire with his chat tonight!   


 my phone is buzzing about fruit on a pizza &amp; I simply can't sleep through that    


Do you know who you look like ?... "no. I have no idea. No one ever tells me I look like anyone." 


I totally LOVE how I can read a book in my house- it's so quiet, peaceful and nobody disturbs me  


On average 50 per year off energy bills. I'll make sure I'll spend the 13.69 pence per day wisely.  


I guess every NBA player gonna get hurt, since they all got  jerseys on. 


 while not a big fan,  still better than   


Im sorry for zendaya because she's a vegetarian and she cant eat chicken.   


Love how you can get elbowed in the face and the foul is against you.  


  I was just looking out for my "friend". I didn't want you getting even more sick. 


Tom Daley is gay ?!? Who would have thought ?!?!   next thing people will be trying to convince me that   is gay ?!?


Matt Ryan just decided that he would replace tony romo as the most clutch qb being that romo is now injured...   


I love being at the doctor. I especially love strep tests.   


can't wait for those "new year, new me" tweets 


Work, drive to bell river, study, train,  Christmas shop, make plans, cancel plans, remake plans repeat. What a lovely day. 


 Brad Stevens on the Miami Heat: "That might be the most unselfish basketball team I've ever seen." Umm  ?


  I'm surprised they trust us uneducated lowly peasants interfering with their artistic and monutary endeavors 


So a lot of people say I'm better than Michael Buble... 


At least I know she misses me now    


I'm so glad that I'm learning dynamics as a junior in college majoring in music.  


Great reporting on the   report way to call out the  for their hypocrisy &amp; whiny disagreement w/ the report . 


Brazil is looking like a great choice for the World Cup now 


Drove from Westminster to Catonsville in this. That was fun, want to do that again! One Direction is just as good as The Beatles 


 apologies  I shall add hashtag in future!


  You heard it wrong "Lead-er'" not leader as he weighs us down 


I wake up to like 100 posts on the UFC, I'd love to jump on that wagon, but ah, I don't know shit , next time guys! ;) 


It doesn't hurt at all when your father treats you like a disease  


hey it's almost time for  or as I call it, the Shit on Tara hour. Awesome! 


 oh its a good time to be a  fan, isn't it?   


I bought a shirt on Sale for $19.99.  I SAVED $30. Oh wait, that's Voodoo math!  Not spending isn't SAVING!  


Time well spent on energy plan this a.m.  MT  If Baucus thought Tax Reform had chance, would he take China gig? 


Nothing I love more than when someone stops talking to you for no reason  


 I hope you forgot to put  on the end of this


Our friendship is awesome we get each other in trouble on Purpose and he makes fun of my "Forever Alone" Life and yeah 


Good to see the refs are consistent when flagging for hits on the QB.   


Chemistry tomorrow. Yaaay. The pure  spilling from my mouth is like acid on my tongue


 but crying because she was asked to do the washing up answer collecting logs. Aw. Poor baby. 


Just off to buy 15 loaves and 10 pints of milk! Well it is Armageddon out there!  


Today's trip from Dallas to OKC should be interesting.  


Another phenomenal presentation... In chinese  


Comcast - yet again you fail me.   Took day off to have cable fixed between 9 and 11.   Yeah.  Shocked when no one showed up. 


 I don't know man. There is no damage on sightstone. Why would anyone by that shit item? 


  and Midge Ure's ex wife I've always wanted to see her on that programme 


 its Romos fault the  D is so bad seriously if he wasn't so selfish he could play corner 


I don't think he likes Thomas very much....   I think I'm to nervous to show up Wednesday too haha 


Thanks Andy dalton and Vikings d you are helping me win fantasy 


 really? I thought they were drinking buddies and everything



JetBlue has amazing features but no heated seats? Not happy! Only inflight on demand, free checked bag, xmradio &amp; extra leg room 


 
P.A (30 years old) 6g-7a-13p
Bailey (24 years old) 4g-5a-9p

Yeah. I can TOTALLY see how much better Parenteu is 


 .... What?.....you aren't a paid plant by the PC party?  


Programming has grown up. Colors are for babies.  


 yeah let's fire a guy that's won more games since he came here than all but four other FBS. Seems logical 


  There isn't one. But there ought to be. The mayor &amp; city council have no desire for increased public participation.


You know what's fun? Getting three little girls to sleep in one hotel room! 


Back to the world of work and dieting tomorrow!   


Okay. Trend pa kayo KathNiel -.- may kalendaryo din kami &gt;;)))) 


 let's roll some more silver. It was so much fun. 


   yes I been the past 2 weeks I'm a jets fan the eagles are losing in the first week of playofs


"You never know, you have to put your foot in the water, it'll dry off after."    buahah!


.    lao desh bachao.  will ban all textbooks. Only Geeta and Mahabharata will be taught. Hehe 


I'm really glad  took a screenshot of my dentist appt snap 


So glad the snow followed us home from Chicago 


We've got ourselves a barnburner of a 2nd QTR in Sacramento.  Kings shooting 15.4% while the Grizz are at 16.7% in the period.  


A window into  parenting vs ignorance           


I spend hundreds of dollars on course-related books. And what do I get back for returning them? $15!   


  Completely aware of that. It's a joke. I just enjoy pointing out the absurdity of CCSS-aligned crap. 


At work. Building the walls of a 2 story spec house. Oh what fun 


 you shouldn't tweet this stuff out. Other teams are learning how to be great just like TO.   stop hating on bo. 


Weatherman says heaviest stuff should be between 5-7am. Oh great...so exactly when I'm driving to work. Awesome. 


Womp RT   that is why i dont ask u questions 


 Life if too short to let inconveniences keep you from living happy. That totally sounds Biblical  


I love how much snow and ice are on the side roads!!! 


The nicest people come into Bilo in the morning/afternoon 


 I guess having him injured and not having a offseason to prepare is a good idea.. Yea  


 Because beating the crap out of people is illegal.


Deflected off Del Zotto's ass...why? Because he turned away from blocking the shot...all Hank right there! 


3 page essay done by the end of class tomorrow? Good thing i have no life at home. 


If you cant figure out a solution to your coding problem, stay up all night working on it. You dont need sleep anyway. 


Jazz should sign Shelvin Mack so Gordon Hayward won't leave!




Typically "the man is known to speak in a foreign accent". That's not like Scunthorpe at all. 


Forced to watch this hunger games in prep for watching the second when it's out   


 good thing there's no bias in your decision. Lol. 


 its fucked up man. After all these years. I'm crushed   


  you mean calling a running play inside the 15yd line 2 let the clock run as you're down 3 scores is wrong? 


"She is very timid and will roll over when you go to pet her." That's what I would say too if I wanted someone to return my puppy...


Amazed at the amount of crickets on the radio...    


 to become Elitist! Then I don't ever have to fly coach or talk to poor people. 


Despicable human being!  rt  Earlier this week: Marcus Vick ARRESTED -- Driving While Stoned in Georgia  we are Sunnis. We're the guarenteed to enter heaven, chosen people of the true version of Islam.  


Everyone in Tulsa got that Christmas spirit. 


The person who strikes up a panic attack with a single look is back. So nice to see you   


Thank god I got on twitter, I didn't know it was Thanksgiving. 



  wow  - way to support the team. Wish politics worked the same way! 


You know the song is gonna be good when someone yells out their name and the year! ..."DJ Squibbles!! 2014"  


 WHOA! you can editor more than one line at a time! Totally worth 70 bones 


Lol who cares about doing what you love?  


 I know! I cried... This is the worst news to wake up to. Waited 5 years... I gues another year can't hurt  


My phone just died at 12%. I won't get to a charger until 5. Yaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy 


oh you are dieting for a show...then it's totally ok to be a total jerk to everyone around you 


 hashtag such tweets with  or  to avoid controversy


You know it.             Thank goodness the blessed SEC got in the national title game....there wouldn't be football without them. 


Well, I've only been up for an hour and it's already been such an amazing day! 


you.. yes you!!.. ??  is Government not good enough with it?? 


Tonight is such a great night for the heat to not work at IGA.  


wow  apparently China Rising doesnt carry over from the 360 to the xbox one. thats awesome! 


Haven't had to go to the orthodontist in like 2 years...this should be fun.   


Love getting my Personal Property tax bill just before Black Friday.  Thanks  Happy Thanksgiving to you too.


iPhones are way better to record video with than let's say a Canon 60D. 


 I see you're an OFA Obama-bot propagandizing Thanksgiving like Rush warned about this afternoon. 


 ay, you gotta put  on that if you're gonna RT it, people will think I'm serious


Kirk Cousins made 2 completions in a row!!!  Let the  quarterback controversy begin!!   


A tourist is a fellow who drives thousands of miles so he can be photographed standing in front of his car. Emile Ganest  


 twitter was meant for good reasons!  


Can't breathe. Good sign given tomorrow is a performance. 


Nothing I love more than the fact that my windshield wipers smear instead of wipe. 


Working while everyone sleeps envigorating  


I DONT GET WHY PEOPLE TELL OTHER PEOPLE TO CALM DOWN LIKE WTF IF IM MAD AND YOU TELL ME TO CALM DOWN ILL THROW A BRICK AT YOUR FACE 


New Years Resolution: people will always let you down so just look after ya self      


Cowboys have 6 carries for 59 yards! Expect them to throw all 2nd half!! 


Some arianators are so sweet!(:  

Austin mahone    with jumper/collar combos. Next level fashion, bro!    is up today. The  must be doing OK, right? Guess we can now stop      


About Niall and Barbara, there's nothing going on with them. Jesus is dat u       -Viall   one day I was looking forward to this week was ruined by you. WHAT A SUPRISE. 


 pmsl love the way you now have to put a   after the end of your tweet just in case haha


  why do they need to email you?? Everyone knows you just need a tsp of cinnamon and voila - cured!! 


Im definitely gonna be able to sleep tonight... 


Well Can't Register for Classes because the Correct Alt. Pin isn't working  


 Obama really earning his Nobel Peace Prize...  


Why it's important to have a lot of Likes on Facebook when you're near death!

     not PI. Good job ref!   I'm sick of bad officiating ruining good games. It's been awful lately!  positive that thinking positive is positively the most positive way to live in this negative world. Now go spread positivity. 


  No way we miss him that much. He didn't even make All ACC honorable mention.  Big loss.


 all games are just another game. This is no different.... 


So much for historical accuracy. I'm sure the Nazis were totally cool with a black Mother Superior. 


I'm so stressed out that I am now sick and have a rash on my face.  


Can't get a hold of anyone to come picl me up... that's fun after an 8hr shift 


Ahh..   People who act with me like they haven't seen any gal before me ..... Just  it"


Thank God for  I don't know what I'd do without them!!!!   glad mom asked me what I wanted to do for my birthday....not. Happy birthday to me. 


I just love all the Doctor Who Christmas special spoilers. Must be nice to have had time to watch it already.  


 how's that fumble bitch! Here comes that cowboys D to save the day!  


Please someone that's from a northern state tell me that 7 degrees isn't cold. It hasn't quite gotten old yet. 


Okay it's Hump day I get it....That will never get old... 


Then again, in Alaska, we didn't close schools for less than 6' of snow, and even then it was usually just a delay. 


The first day of 2014 was awesome!!!   


 when your  is so advanced that people actually think you're retarded


Wow, what a profound slideshow  
 Is a snow blower worth your money?  justin doesnt get better whats the point anymore!?!?  


Oh, your in a relationship now? No more LIKES for you!   


I can't always hold in my      who wants to go out and go shopping? Anyone want to join me in the madness?   


So happy to be heading to work when is NEGATIVE one.    Lahey Clinic  night to drive home with no heat in my car.   


Surprising day in the NFL...Browns fire a HC, Cowboys finish 8-8, anything else I'm missing? 


Phone's fucked up. That is so great and very timely 


Thanks  for responding to my help tweet. 


Preparing myself to go shopping in -14 degree weather  


It definitely doesn't feel like Christmas with all of this snow.... 


 I can't believe that TA didn't play 25 minutes, and the Grizzlies still won!  lol


Love walking into the  to mail a package and the line is huge with only one person behind the counter. 


My favorite part of today was when my host came to me and confessed "I just sat the entire restaurant at once"   


When old men stare you down at stop lights....       god. More David James and Michael Owen analysis. Hope Mark Halsey's called upon more too. He's great.  


Status Update: i have curly hair today AND I NEEEEED TO PEEE!   


It's always so much fun when people take advantage of you on your first day of work!! 


Happy new year!! Ang saya saya! Queuing sobra! Hahaha amp! 


ok sleep time now. need my energy to not strangle all the drunk, drug feenin' patients tomorrow.  


  But seriously when do i not wear a crop top?


Well, this should be a fun drive to work the morning.  


  heyyy thats what yall always call me, I didnt know it was a compliment.. Thanks 


 Stop confusing everybody with facts and history, and just buy buy buy 


Just was told that I have to be to work at 6am next Monday...yay for new bank openings!!    


Wow can't wait to check out all the great prospects, probably such nice boys...   so glad that my Mom finds it hilarious that I'm hungover, and wants to share it with people.  


He was talking about me, idiot  Oh yeah , he sure showed me     RT    


Not been to the gym as I didn't leave work til 5.45pm. Don't have enough time to go now until at least 9 tonight.  


 come on. Nothing says glam like taking your pic in a dirty bathroom mirror.  


Lol yaaay pulling an all-nigher  to write a paper I've had at least a month to do 


    There are three kinds of  Those who can  and those who 


Now it's time for my favorite part of the day where my mind decides to think about everything!  


i love how are last prompt for expos is the most broadest philosophical prompt we've had up to date. 


 CNN posting BS stories?!?
You must be joking. 

Lol


  nice customer service!  never using that company again!


 Aliens, of course. That, and Intelligent Design, explains every mystery in or out of this world.  (just to be sure)


  It could be worse, he could be a warlord. 


 It would have been honorable if Bortuzzo was slew-footed from behind and glove punched a few times, right hack? 


Only come around when you need shit. Thats the best type of friend 


The D is done messing around. They are back to normal, I was getting worried 


 GUTLESS Ref afraid of home crowd!   " Looks like a clean play to me.   glad western went all out with an interpreter. 


 WHAT? It's cold in the winter? Well, take that you tree hugger! 


Lo ji Gauhar ne ye stand bhi hata liya of not talking to Ajaz.  are you watching :p  


Ugh! School, ya!?  Today I really don't want to do anything  Well, it sucks to suck. :P 


Yeah I have AMAZING luck when it comes to guys! I sure can pick em!  


Yes Nicholas, everyone is obviously going to buy this album you're so sure of bringing out 


Well........ did millions of  and  invade Luton, Heathrow  etc ... 


When you and Deek figure out you're the smartest people ever with an amazing memory..     


It's honestly awesome trying to maintain my composure. 


  hey don't be mean. That walkway is really nice and will be useful....


If Percy played today, we would not have needed any other player.  


 Too many yards there, what are they thinking. If they score then Indy scores 


Love how I did nothing yesterday and won't do anything today 


Just love re-writing my English coursework on a Sunday evening   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Mom: Bye, we are running to the mall
Me: you are running to the mall? 



You keep saying that but I don't think you know what it means.   


   yeah because a 4 team playoff will be so much better... 


  I'll watch MOTD2 tonight, let's see if it's as ferocious as Wes browns tackle.. 


  if u guess coach shoemaker...you are correct. 


 but kyle according to  it's windy down there.I thought Braxton can't throw in the wind.  bannister=clown


 this is weird, teams never come back and tie right away after we score 


You know whats awesome? Reading  meet-up blogs by the same people after EVERY MEETUP!  


Trying to convince myself I don't need to be like a bee in a jar when I drive, because that seems to works so well...  


Can't wait to see what everyone gets for Christmas tomorrow on Instagram... 


Started using Instagram expect a lot of selfless and food pics 


  You mean to tell me that NY Media has been blowing smoke up our ass? Who would have guessed? 


Yes, because everyone expected this game to be a defensive battle.  


The dog life is way too stressful.    love waking up with a splitting headache the first thing in the morning. Such a great feeling! 


My  laptop won't detect my Windows 8 phone, so I have to download an app to sync 2 Windows 8 devices. Makes sense to me 


Too bad I can't retweet my own tweet from yesterday about NJ's finest... u slay me with your awesome service  


 is storm before the calm!

  


I'm sure all of you wanted to know that  but fuck you unfollow if you don't want none of this


  Is it too soon to call sellout or should I give it a little time so I don't seem like a hyper hatter on speed? 


 of course, I only eat filet and rib eyes. 


Finally made a date to get my wisdom teeth out.  


Everyone can relax.  Votto just needs to hit more RBIs and everything will be fine.  


What?!?! People say horrible things on twitter as jokes?!?! I thought it was all about rainbows and sunshine! 


I didn't grew any fatter since Holiday break began. S'well! 


FYI... ISS is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me!    


  Probably because  was so vicious in his attacks... 


 It was extremely important that the record be set straight.  Facts are our friends. 


  you guys know he plays the best defense in the nation and never has a hand on the guy with the ball 


I love when people who have no idea how to do my job tell me how to do my job.  


How many people texted me to see if I was OK: 0. Thanks, guys! Love you, too! 


 oh good. More hilarious duck dynasty "jokes". 


 and he would know because he's SOOO involved with the creative team! 


There's nothing I love better than those ignorant people.  .  . 


Colour profiles on printers can be such fun 


So shocked that no one from  has ever responded to concerns/issues with my service.  


   SORRY! I should have added  but I am concerned that the States rights issue will be argued &amp; win


 Thanks for buying into the allure that I am awesome!!  


people nowadays are just so sweet that it breaks my heart. 


Omg- so excited to get back to canterbury in time for assessment fortnight.. YAY!  


 its OK you lost my bags. That bottle of fabric refresher you gave me will keep the clothes on my back good for days!! 


I've managed to everything today other than school work yay 


.  WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED??? Expect the media to hammer you about the result.   


 haha I'm obviously not coming back :p  you have homework remember? ;) hahaha 


Haha Bitch Yur BeinG Cheated On An You Dont Deserve It...!



Have you seen Abercrombie's new holiday ad? Getting younger every year. Shame     sarcasm only gets me in trouble when my brain-to-mouth filter is malfunctioning. 


Bored As Fuuuuuuuhhhh!! I'm glad I have lots of friends to keep me company.. 


my first thought when I stepped outside today was "hey it's warm today!" sure enough when I checked the weather it was a balmy 23! 


Almost 10am and no signings yet by LFC. Disgrace.   


Thank you David for punching me and leaving me a bruise. You're the best. 


Nothing like being told horror stories at dinner to make for a good nights sleep   


 cause that gets all the girls, genius! 


Midnight in the emergency vet clinic is my favorite thing.  


Everything you do/say is hating. There is no such thing as differing opinions. All we do is hate. 


You guys wanna know what rocks? Falling asleep by yourself. 


I can't wait to work 40 hours a week for free then another 20 to pay bills   


Oh joy, please let's watch a communist movie for class, I really need more propaganda in my life. 


     excellent, we need more bars here... 


I love it when people say it's a new day, but they still talk about something that occurred almost a week ago.  


Got to sleep in til 8:15 and this is the weather...      how on earth can you keep your son entertained at an IU basketball game? Not much to look at and focus on in here. 


 "bit of a strange sport for girls" - good to see the beeb promoting diversity! 


If the  hurry I'm sure they can still get Jason Bay and Clint Barmes to go with Marlon Byrd.  


Man if manning could play in cold weather he'd be a pretty good player  


I wish to congratulate the fine folks  for taking a great radio ap and turning it into another hard to use Pandora clone 


My name is Bond, James Bond.     

My name is Please, Bitch Please.

  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I always knew Gareth Bale would struggle at Real Madrid   


 at least it's nice and sunny out here in Elgin    just spoke with  and we are a GO for the  muther fuckers. Hazing allowed  encouraged


Long running queries, PAGEIOLATCH waits, low PLE, and heavy tempdb use all coming from a 3rd party app. Yay!  


 I hope you are successful in getting &gt;16 yo girls to post sexual images on the internet.   


Feel like crap great timing for school tomorrow eh 


Starting off the new year with still having no voice! Woohoo... I just love sounding like a 13 yr old boy   


 Still not good enough. Why didn't he compare him to Bobby Orr? 


It seems so much later than it actually is. But I guess that's a good thing cause it means more time to study.  


 thank you for the clarification. I had no idea!  :P 


Whoa, slow down on those epic friend skills. 


This screaming child in front of me on the plane is probably the best part of my trip!  


So Lehner get 1st star of the week and Anderson starts vs PHI?. Seems like the right choice. 


Worst day ever. And it's my birthday! :(  


Sure, I'll do double the amount of work so you can sit at home on your fat ass. No problem, I'd love to! 


 I know this fucko  so what's good we squarein up  or what!


   Oh I seee. Nice tash btw  


Romo fucks it up again never thought id hear that  


Thx for stirring my tea Tim's ..I love hot water and milk, with settled sugar at the bottom of my cup !!!!!!!   


The best part of the holidays is hearing my mom tell the same exaggerated stupid stories over and over again 


 Yaaay party  thanks still hanging myself hahaha bye


Guess who has 2 thumbs and is going to learn Swedish? I'm learning it because it will be so useful where I live and everyday life. 


 just go out and get a new card or whatever you have to get. Not like the roads are bad 


My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.  XD


Wings up 2-0...anything else going on tonight?? Twitter is very quiet...


 Maybe it's a trade for CarGo, straight up. 


 but Northern Illinois losing by 40 to Stanford would be much better than two physical defenses and tough running teams 


Ryan Gosling talks a lot in "Only God Forgives" 


Hey kids.. George Zimmerman.. what a great role model?    


 I bet Phil is worried about what you think. 


 Oh, totally....Teach me how to be so cool!  


Lol; not everyone text me at one time. . 
   


A Guerrilla Girls piece from '95 still relevant!?  That's umpossible!  All the things are equal now!   
  kindle died which means the next hour and a half will go by amazingly fast 


I love being sleepy but not being able to sleep . 


iPhone chargers are pretty good. Not like I'm having to buy a new one every other month or anything. 


Started a game in Words with a random, and they were very impatient. So, naturally, I bit back with some   shutout! Woohoo!     


Nothing like being notched in second place; never gets old.  


School for 14 years, college for 4 years, then you work until you die. Cool. 


 Speculation? That's the foundation of all academic discussion. Congrats. 


Ahmad Brooks. U just got hit with a 16k fine for that bogus hit on Brees. On top of that I heard Ur a bad father and u can't dance. 


Got spammed by a salesman for  told him to remove me from the call list, so he signed me up for the newsletter! AWESOME! 


Just went feet through the air in the driveway on a patch of ice, and landed on my L5S1.. This feels great  


.  twitter needs a "sarcasm" symbol that has fewer characters than 


It's really bad when the teachers don't want to go over the rules 


So I'm the only one that couldn't get out of this thing? Thank you loving parents 


Accidently following people because twitter puts a follow button on tweets.  


So the fight videos not leaked over east lol only over west thts fair 


4th and 3.  Let's throw deep in the driving rain.  That's the way to go 


Thank you  for aggregating my tweet feed trends for me. Without you I wouldn't know what to listen to. 


Merry Christmas eve  thanks for not only sending me a voucher I didn't order but also taking money from my account...thanks 


Well that talk with my parents went well.. Now I have no choice but to move out. it's amazing to have such understanding parents 


Oh My Gosh! I hope the weather on the West Coast improves! Stay warm people! and take cover!    


 Yeah, it's always good to punch guy in face when he's down on ice.  . That said, Thornton is good dude. Just lost it.


She is mashaALLAH  Wow, I know exactly who ur talking about lol    wonder why they're not doing anymore Dancing On Ice??  


 can't don't have the bloody ingredients for that either lol! Fat free yogurt it was  


Oh, yeah,  None of you can have a happy New Year, only a Merry Christmas. Stop pretending there are "holidays" 


 I cant tell if you're a good sport congratulating  or if youre being a dick and the  is lost over the internet.


Did u guys no  Loves Greek people like me... dats why she follows me  !!!!


$TWTR up 5.5% today. Is it getting added to the S&amp;P 500 too? $FB   


 all you have to do is watch a game in Buffalo and then hear how well they represent Toronto  Alcohol...


"Traffic police given target to fine 10 cyclists a month". Very helpful.   


I have a math test, a government test, and I have to give my speech tomorrow. I'm not stressed out at all. 


Para varios de ustedes, con mucho cario.          wanting to dance. Me-"lets go check if full house is on instead?" Karyme-"Gweat idea Baybeet buuut, NO"  


 oops, your account must have been hacked again!  


Great. 
I am now officially signed up to meet with a therapist. 
This is just what I need.



 Oh well, why didn't I know this before. That changes everything.  (bc no one gets my humor)


I love sitting watching people drink and play left right center on New Years best thing ever    text me!!!


I feel so sorry for all these IAC now panellists having to fly all the way to Australia for an ITV2 show 


Ladies darts is the future of sports entertainment! 


 Quit Anything Thursday? I'm going to Quit Thinking!!!    


  trade everything for Bridgewater. 


Great - passing situation. Just what we need. 


Clearly the US should craft its domestic policy after such a country because it worked so well there. That's not stupid at all. 


 hey that was a good job you guys did tonight  


Today was absolutely amazing, I wish everyday was like this one  


It's hard being the only one who ever does something wrong. 


Any late night text I get is just my mom sending me some ecard she found on Pinterest that she thinks is funny. It's thrilling. 


This is going to be the best 42 minutes of my life 


 Sunderland vs Norwich... Classic 0-0 thriller!  


   at least the cameras are zoomed in enough 


Mad props to  for forcing my family to change our health insurance plan. 


I love how people kept asking me what happened yesterday. 


  it was his passion. He was a little excited being in national TV :) 



    the lack of Japanese QBs outrages me! 


 4 out of 4 planes delayed for mechanical errors. Yeah, I feel safe  


I feel better. Thanks to all for listening  I feel better and not too much to complain about. My  


Best manager in 5 guys history.    I drop and loose everything. 


How to solve any problem.     business analysis report is so much fun and really easy 


My van deciding not to start when I'm trying to go home is a great start to this Christmas break  


Dont cry because its over. Cry because your ugly.  &lt;3


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      what is that some financial planning thing?  


Oh goody. Today is off to a fantastic start. 


I work on Black Friday. I am soooo excited.  


Surely it's not about me..so there's someone else? Shocking?!  


Babysitting till 12 and watching seahawks.  


You know what's sad about my new phone...? The internet is faster than my home WiFi.... &gt;.&gt; Thanks  


It's raining outside!  
I didn't know it could rain.  



 probably that they implemented it wrong, because his version of communism is perfect  


I feel like I am slowly returning to life. Thanks stomach virus for making this Christmas so special for me   


they say Kyle Orton is to bring Americas team hahahahaha   


To my mom, my dad and all my ex's.... thank you. Thank you for leaving me with commitment issues..  


And thank you all my friends for answering my texts 


. French aunt &amp; uncle have died their hair goth black,  looks totally natural 


Can't wait to so these dishes when I get home  


L'oreal, because fucking tearing apart beagles is worth it. 


Imagine how cold it would be without global warming!  
" This kind of cold should be illegal."


Class is optional this week, at least that's what the turn out of 6 students to this class is telling me. 


Really happy I decided to procrastinate all break so I have all my homework to do today... And it's all due at midnight 


 How does it feel to be normal? please tell me,looool 


We're so glad Supermodels are designing furniture now. :/ 


A Jim Harbaugh coached team loses a game because of a lack of discipline...how shocking  


Cards Against Humanity is seriously my favorite game ever!     


 you blatantly already knew that, and I'm not even sure it's right...     


 I placed my order 4 days ago, why is it still being processed? U.S. Cellular continues to make me happy. 


spending some quality time with family all due to  ba.  :P 


I really like it when I doze off in the books. My neck n back feel Great  I guess I need a nap.  around the corner


Miley bet not wrecking ball. sing something old. like party in the USA   I think?


I don't think enough people know how much I LOVE being excluded from things, so, just an FYI. 


 wellllllllllllllll im glad thats settled  LoL


So MacT's news conference was really... Status Quo   


Nothing is better than having a nose bleed in the middle of the highway with no tissues.  


So glad my teenager is so wrapped up in her own world that she can't see how selfish she's being. 


So true. Wish  could recognize this...      Please mention  if you want exoneration from fatwas.


 And 30,000 a yr due to gun violence...good old GOP LOVES Americans! 


People people I don't speak Spanish lol. I want to learn but my first language is  and my second is  


Tomo's Daily Fail front page: Nigella swigs anti deps from bottle, and older women drink 'most frequently'. Quality journalism  pft


Lovely christmas day run in beautiful Helsinki!    it rained hard when i was about to leave! Happy :) 


Man Fl state couldn't keep up with that SEC speed  suck on that War Gay Eagle


Whoever wrote What Does the Fox Say is a lyrical genius. 


This is going to be an excellent road trip   


Oh thanks! I just love being reminded about how small my boobs have gotten.    


Just knowing I have school after work makes my testicles wanna go into my stomach   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Well this is just what i needed today...  


im too down to earth person :/ :D         sure Theo Walcott will receive some sort of ban/reprimand for reminding  fans of the score. Disgraceful behaviour.  


Fuck, just remembered I gotta take my dog to the vet tomorrow. I cant wait to see the bill from that....


-9 degrees upon rising..... Yeah, that sounds awesome 


  NO! They are pros. I demand drones with 0 emotion that bleed for my entertainment.



How can we trust Iran? They don't even trust their own people! Look how they spy on their own citizens.


I have a physical keyboard and autocorrect is being soooooo mature!  


President Obama reaches deal with Iran. I'm sure they will be super forthcoming with all the policing of their nuclear program...  


The Godiva mini-sampler pack for dinner? Looks like we have a winner, ladies and gentlemen     


 thanks a lot for flooding my TL with 3:07 retweets.  Lol


 Maybe a collaboration with a boyband he loves      'a Thunder cover' 


 And I thought that was reserved for places like Qatar and the MLS in the US. 


 ah, I see. I couldn't tell, because you forgot the  hashtag ;)


Being told what I can and can't do is  my favorite thing 


  What a shock to hear this news.  Cano and Jay Z are wasting jet fuel and valuable time.


This has definitely been one of the best weeks ever! 


I love leaving work  6 &amp; it is dark out!  


I have nappy hair near my temples. Thanks to my great grandfather    


Hey  I really enjoy sitting here at the pharmacy drive through for 30+ minutes watching other cars getting there meds 


Cruise by Florida Georgia Line is my favorite song.  


It was so good spending time with my friends when I came home.. 


why does my best  come to mind at the most inappropriate times to be  n sarcastic 


If Nick Saban is really the best ever he will take the Texas job and revive it like Coach Meyer did at Ohio State. 


I just love it when people are there for me when I need them.   oh wait. ...


I love it when you don't text back. Cutest thing ever   


I find so funny that very one is buying ps4 when "Xbox" is soooo much better  just because it cheaper this year huh 


Hey does anyone know the temperature outside?? Cause I haven't seen any pictures of the weather.   


That moment where you jokingly call a coworker awful on twitter and realize ppl might not realize you're kidding. 


Today I'm loving my Internet Explorer. Yes all versions...   


  Ghost doing far worst No Way I thought it was so good 


So "The Hills" &amp; "Laguna Beach" was all scripted?! You don't say!   


Now is such a great time for Petunia to be giving me trouble  


My College Algebra teacher told us that our math test on Wednesday is going to kick our asses. Her exact words. Great. Awesome. 


 well that poor teacher has all this marking to do and a life.  You know unlike you students.  


I hope Michele Bachmann gets through this health insurance debacle. If she's unhealthy, who will campaign against the gays? 


though i came from you, sometimes i hate that stupid guts and pride of yours.. (so mature) 


Just love working with my dad its so stress free 


Wow! That was possible joe harts 2nd best save of England career 


The quick scan queue at  ... Glad it's used to speed up shopping   day at our house. Taking down all of the Christmas decorations. Also, it's like a 8 hour job to pack it up, so that's fun.  


I think work is going to be rather pleasant today...... 


Uhhh so someone asked me if I would talk to annoying people...

Why yes! Cause who doesn't love annoying people? 


My car heater broke. Luckily it broke when the sun had already set and I needed to drive 45 minutes home from Buffalo. 


Everythings so fkn hilarious rn.. oh mann! Haha



That put the cherry on top of a perfect day. 


my mom keeps saying "if you were around more" , uhh hopefully moving out won't be hard... 


I had a Doctor that I wanted to keep in the TARDIS, but after Obamacare, I have a new Doctor in the TARDIS. :^/  


Nice job lip synching Kristen Chenowith  


Being posh for the day was fun, the rich have such a hard life. 


I'm really glad my iPhone shuts itself down approx. 8x a day now... Really makes happy  


Awww that film ending was really good THOEWWW  


So my bra just came undone while I was laughing, thanks front clasp bra that's just what I wanted 


Going for a job in the woods... Taking shotgun haha 


Isn't  sweet, little miss  
 


Surely studs in the chest against Saurez should be a yellow not a red.... 


Nice to see RSA keeps the best interests of its customer - the NSA - in mind.   yeah! Gotta allow some room for r&amp;b. It's my romantic side. That's how I get in touch with my feelings haha 


Please post another picture of that day, everyone still cares... 


Wow the lickers in the first resident evil movie are awesome computer graphics.   


Ahh Spotify, you know me so well! Top class recommendation....    there's attitude and  there every work out ain't peachy...     Way to focus on what's really important during the Thanksgiving holiday. 


i had to take a cold shower. the best, yay.:-) 


Love spending this half day at Children's Mercy's doctors office 


On vacation in Toronto with a silver Dodge Caravan - good times ahead! 


Yeah, Lita fans are the snobby and bitchy ones.    


"Send me a pic" is where a girl loses all respect for
you. If she is ugly.
  


This game would be over if there was an elite QB like Flacco playing in it 


 I wonder if Sean Hannity will have another 'hard hitting' interview with him &amp; ask GZ even tougher questions. 


Is today the 13th?
I had NO idea. Usually shit like that is on twitter and Facebook. 


I've got a really bad cold,another sty in my eye + school on Monday...I feel great.        


Oh goody I get to walk the dog tonight by myself  


I like how I haven't actually talked to you in four days. It's just great. 


"Oh yeah, Quals. You won't freak out about those at ALL." -  




 the class average on a test is a 64.5% and the professor blames the students... 


Just had to go collect my very drunk wife from her work's Xmas night out. Oh joy! 


I LOVE the fact I haven't talked to my girlfriend ALL day -.- 


 is a gift to mankind, and when you understand how to use it, it becomes a super power!


I love it when my phone freezes with this ugly mug on it        and the crowd goes wild!!!!  Way overplayed commercial.


Really?!? Run, run, wr screen, punt. Sounds like a winning gameplan Bevell. 


...and rest is history. Let's get back to work.
 


Who's at work until possibly 12M tonight?  Lucky me  but going to a  party right after


Two 21 year olds acting all lovey dovey. So awful!   


 Don't forget to tweet about how much you ate &amp; brag about all your expensive presents!  

Merry CHRISTmas.


 It was Oregon, I made sure to smoke it up with the kids in the cars before the first. 


so bloody bored, love being blanked all the time! 


I guess I'm finished watching the Eagles blowout the Redskins   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You just met the kid and you're already dating and trying to fuck him?? Yeahhhh.. That's not easy at allll.   


Damn foreigners in our country, stealing our jobs &amp; sponging our system dry! Tax payers are being robbed!   wrong for the Centre to order a probe. I mean he only violated a woman's right by using state machinery. Big deal!  


Nigga just asked me why I date taller woman  because I'm closer to they pussy but in all seriousness I'm short every girl taller


So glad to see an increase in military spending to $520 BILLION in our national budget deal  


Thank you auto correct for making super into supper....that's exactly what I wanted it to say....  


Can someone boost the volume of the music more? I can't still here the announcers.  


The way Vanek and Grabs have been playing last night and tonight look out for Team Austria! Lol    


 in full attack mode rattle on to 180 by close of play. 


I love how everyone waits until the end of the year to submit reports to the library.  


So glad that my lungs sound like they're functioning correctly! 


   NO!!! YOu have to be a fanboy to one! not both!!!  


Well it's snowing in New York. Really hard. Good thing I came prepared.  


I love when a show gives you more questions than answers. 


 that must have been a scary 2 minutes. 


Man I can wait to fix my brake line and exhaust on monday.   


A moment of silence for all the poor kids whose awful parents got them the wrong color iphone this year 


My mom and sister got out of work early so they are going to dinner without me and bringing me a plate...thanks. 


Studying for psychology with  sucks her beauty is such a distraction to me     out of the last two races with a back injury. Oh my! Did not see that coming!  


Confession: I left. R. Kelly was demonstrating too much raw, unadulterated talent for me to handle 


Omg I love it when my xbox freezes for no reason. 


Jules is coming to Oxford today! Watch out everyone she's wild  


can't stand doing gym and on top of it I have to run around because I don't have a partner  


Oh noes its snowing. This never happens in Ohio, ever. 


Love how leaving at 8am equates to leaving at 9am 


The photos I've tweeted are the randomest things. Blanket, pipe organ, doodle, and a crappy lemon bar. Totally related. 


So the unemployment numbers were fudged in Sept 2012? I'm shocked!   


Man! I wish we had a cool name....   


Good job Allendale for putting down lots of salt...  


If you really need a good dose of    and much more on twitter follow  . Seriously, the best! Epic!


 that's some a+ parenting if i ever saw any 


had a blast tonight! super awesome! thank god I'm almost home! can't wait to get some rest and spend tomorrow with family... 


   The lowest form of wit. Not surprised given the intellectual capacity.


Dentist this morning. My favorite thing to do. 


Thank you car for making it impossible for me to make it to my last class of Trant. 


I just love to be pelted with water balloons as I pull into my driveway 


 RT  It's nice to see the  skating and battling hard in the 3rd period!


So from now on I'll just end every sarcastic tweet like this:   


Thankful that i got my wisdom teeth pulled two days ago and have to put my turkey in a blender  


 Haha. Maybe we can draft Braxton Miller. 


Can't wait for the new year, a new me and a new beginning, join the gym, eat healthy and diet, new fitness, never getting drunk! 


 OH DIOS LOS FEELS. Y KP3D omfg :') Son tan perfs, kfdjlhgf, se encanta lo maduras que son aw aw.  


That's cool. You can smoke right next to me open window.  


I'm kinda obsessed with him and I don't even know his name. great, you go Chiara!  


I think this is the worst cold I've ever had, I'm even considering going to the doctor and we all know how much I love the doctor! 


Oh. Great news eh. On Monday for the first time in history X Factor is bringing out an album. Get the fnn flags out. 


I like to make myself look like I'm in "olden" times. Like the 1970's.    Fact: Ten out of ten people die. Don't take life too seriously." What!! So you're telling me nobody survives?!! 


 It would be tempting to stay home and watch the Hawks play another "quality" opponent ... ...Fear the Quakers?


$JPM does not need to admit any violation of law, can use $7B fine as a tax right off.   


Why can't I find professional bowling on the radio???  


Love the way jasmine can always text back.   


 cats suck. I feel as if you're doing the world a favor.  


   might not travel via twitter well! Ha!  My bad on twitter reading!


Hold onto your hats people it's snowing again!!!     


Too much! I have to get my talking and texting under control!      everyone stop hitting me up all at once. 


I love being told that I have "good hair" from people right before they touch it.  


A chemistry and a calculus SLO tomorrow plus a Spanish test... Nah, I'm not stressed!  


 We chose some pretty socially acceptable fields of study didn't we ;) 


What beautiful weather we have in Boone today..  


Whew. The Nasdaq is still above 4,000. No reason to abandon hope yet! 


Or don't reply to me at all, that's cool too 


Yes, because whistling at a girl is definitely going to get her interested in you.  


    Yep. Better they both die. You're totally right.  


 lol so many awesome sweaters in one place!  


If there is a God he has one wicked sense of humour    


After 3+ hours and over 40 calls I have yet to talk to an actual person. Thank you  for you fabulous service!  


Not watching the game but i am hearing that my favorite NFL player is having a really awesome, clutch game  


On the bright side, my car door was frozen shut when I got out of school. 


  "country star"? When did Shania Twain become a country singer? 


Hello 6 am you're looking lovely as ever on this glorious morning. 


Massively late for work, pissing down with rain, traffic awful and no time for breakfast. Oh I do love a positive tweet 


This Christmas break has just been perfect. 


     millions of babies to hell! You insensitvie bastard! 


Nice to see Flacco living up to that big deal he got in the off-season. 


Hey, just think, if that wouldn't have been an SEC defense the Sooners would've scored 95 points  


Guildford is such a treck. 10.50 for a delayed, cold, smelly train. I feel so privileged. 


I love  wit a passion but i HATE  wit a passion also  


Wow...trying to be positive about the Redskins...um...their uniforms look clean?  


Gosh, I dont think any internet retailers are observing Cyber Monday this year. 


Ooh! Cold and rainy. How much fun. Can't wait to get out in this   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Tony Romo couldn't be more clutch if his name was Clutchy McClutcherson from Clutchville 


I'm going to be single for years and years.! :D Awesome!   


If the score stays like this, Liverpool will win.
 


It's 7:30, I'm wide awake, and I'm not going to school. Whoo! 


 employees at  never cease to disappoint - rude as always.  at it's finest. 


  geez-in new haven with no ins &amp; reg-cant believe that ;-) 


There's nothing more enjoyable than sitting in traffic the WHOLE way to work. 



The best part about being a sub is that I get to listen to all the high school gossip and drama 


 Para que me regalaron tanto?   hahahahahahaha you made my night!


In MMA news,

after Monday nights MMA class I took. I think I'm ready for Anderson silva lol 


Maybe Toney's not actually slurring his words, but is just doing a poor attempt at a British accent. 


Sitting in a room doing nothing since 9, this is awesome  


Just like to thank  &amp;  for taking away  good job! 


RIP Facebook... Cause of death: Twitter.   


Looking forward to sorting this mess out....smh    are not dishwasher safe" -    


Wow, England put up a fight there in the Ashes! 


Not being able to fall asleep, partly because of this ongoing headache that is just getting worse..Tomorrow should be a fun day.  


:)  I keep waiting for someone to say Jones,Scrivens and Harding for Team Canada based on Save Percentage 


 Hmmm! How do you know he called TO? Maybe it was the center!   


This is my evening...I lead such an exciting life....not     to  i listen to Luke Bryan a lot more -_- 
Thanks a lot...  


Next week looks like it'll be all about the governor just like tonight. That will be so exciting! 


I really, really just love being ignored. It really makes my day :-) 


Of course Michigan is not making any changes to our staff. 2014 is gonna be so freaking awesome.  


Thanks for reminding us that your boyfriend is your MCM every week. We might have forgotten. 


 you have special thumbs just for typing...Holy crap. I always wondered if they had those! 


Don't you just love the feeling of getting up early for school tomorrow, a place where you get judged by everyone 


   yeah, that's kind of obvious.. 


 29 shots and not even the end of the second?? What's wrong with this team that's too many!!!! 


Lol awe I hope that works out for you  


Having to green slip into a class is convenient... 


Thank god i just parked three miles away from the school 


Howard Webb is trending? Well that is a surprise     


Got suckered into going to church...who knows, maybe I'll come out straight! 


 come back here you'll get it, blowing a gale and pissing it down outside and snow later, yay 


Free inside select bubble gum &amp; sports trading card packs       aww you poor child you haven't seen your existing boyfriend I feel so horrible 


FSU didn't have a tough enough strength of schedule to play in the NC though. It should've been Auburn vs. Alabama again.... 


 This can be easily filed under "shocker" in the  file. 


Omg guys there's a two hour delay. I must notify all my peers on a social network while they also notify me by posting.  


Yes, please, News Limited, tell us more so I can ship it properly.        with luke - the worlds best boyfriend! Cough  (havin to record im a celeb) not impressed


Wow, good job doing all those things you need to do today, Era! You're on the right path of life!   


Can't wait to close tonight while everyone else is getting shit faced and opening Christmas presents  


We can't switch classes because the sidewalk is too slick but we are still here letting it get worse?  Such a smart decision. 


Bi-partisan support in the House for something  proposed. Is this real life?  


When you friend picks their boyfriend/girlfriend over you &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


That's a Hell of an observation. I'm glad you tweeted it.




Nothin' but smooth sailing ahead kids! :/    slid off the road in front of my house. Blocked in. Darn, can't go to work.     Lol thanks, full of festive cheer I am :-D xx 


 I'm terribly offended at your insensitive humor about Thanksgiving turkeys.  


 oh yea he doesnt sound like a creeper at all 


thanks miley for ending the year as classy as you started it... 


Oh great. Andy Townsend is on.   


Slept through my alarm and was late to class. Great way to start the day!    


That match in the morning is going to be a killer, it won't feel like a Saturday at all! Be grand to hammer Dunmanway!  


 can be dangerous. Just got some in my eye. Luckily I have a eye rinsing station in my house 


Good to see my MP  is helping local traders by promoting   


 right?  Who knows what the real dx will be. Must be all those miles I'm running.  


So glad my family appreciates everything I do.... 


We're in a group. We have to work together. Thanks guys  


Dreams where you're being tortured are always the best, I love waking up with that on my mind  



Just love it so much when people are such good friends... I'm so lucky  


Well aren't you just a majestical fucking unicorn 


Morning to you too chest pains nice of you to join me again  


Yeah. Being babied, given whatever you wanted, waited on, and praised all of your life has got to be rough. I feel so bad for you. 


 Aww damn and there was me thinking he was struggling!! 


First emotional break down of the day is done. Now on to the second  


   what that doesn't seem reasonable 2 u? 


 Please attempt to talk to my guy again. It's my favorite.  


I love when I get to work at the first thing I do is fix some else's mistakes :| 


 you may lose a few followers for mentioning heaven there. Or be condemned to hell for inequality. Wait, which is it? 


 thanks ferry for played iTrance - tisto 


Light travels faster than sound..thts y sm ppl appear bright until they talk   


Can't blame them; don't know how many times I've needed my plastic pistol on my connecting flight. Damned logic. 


Just woke up to a great performance from England in the    Long way to go I guess.  


$HLF up 11%. Wow. More companies should be so lucky to have Bill Ackman call them a pyramid scheme and short the heck out of them. 


. Nithish Kumar must know. that's why he could pull along with them for 17 years. 


Everyone on twitter are spoiling the  ... Thank You...


woo hoo i love performing Mariah Carey songs with a cold at 8 o'clock in the morning 


Thank god for snap chat stories! Otherwise I would have no idea there was a tornado warning. 


its good to know that no matter how late i stay up i will continue to think about the same things every night......


 Thank God we don't have to live with this pathetic BCS system anymore. 


 That never happened. Cena and Orton are actually unifying the belts, you just did something similar yet different. 


I love how every high school steals Myers slogan " bleed purple " and inserts their own colour  


I love waking up in the middle of the night and being unable to fall back asleep! 


 guess dad has a fun time relieving his anger on her us. Its cool though because it TOTALLY fixes the problem. 


Getting a really bad nose bleed, before you go to sleep is so fun you don't even know.  


Going to Stoke to work next week..... Can't fuckin wait 


Thank you Rutgers for making the Big Ten better.  


Quality start to the Clips Memphis game   


My football halftime shows are over.. Time to move one to parades and concerts...  


Mad props to Kanye tho for having sexual intercourse with Kim on a moving motorcycle I'm sure that's quite difficult. 


 I'm sure my Wabash gear would have been greatly appreciated on your side 


 great news for my boyfriend who is a teacher &amp; commutes from VA &amp; has to leave before 5 am to get to work on time! 


Hey crazy people of the interwebz, thanks so much for coming out to play tonight.  


 may as well bring Austin Kearns home, if they're going to look at Mr Glassy Sizemore...   


Hey but the bright side is we got talent!  


  I'm a little disappointed I didn't get my $1,000 purse everyone's been talking about.  


 no your opinion is stupid and I know nothing about your music but it sucks and I hate you. 
 


  No...of course not! I went to another country then to the Honest Lawyer bar for the food &amp; atmosphere! ;) 


"Happy Holidays" omg I feel so violated right now. I am being marginalized and discriminated against. 


How are you spending your Friday morning? I'm spending mine "working with"  support. So much fun. 


 I would, so we could watch the KC game together. 


Watching 500 days of summer .. This is really going to cheer me up!!  


There won't be another 01.01.13 for another hundred years. Mark your calenders people. 


Feeling so accomplished. I laid on the couch, slept and watched almost two seasons of The Big Bang Thoery...great day... 


Man I love hardcore music! When's A Day to Remember playing here again? 


Omg Sunday funday in the house if I wasn't on antibiotics .... I would have been hammered already... No fucks given !!! 


Haha Auburn has never been in a situation like this 


 even after all your "efforts" my seats were not reserved. You guys honestly take the cake for best customer service. 


Has to be said, I rather enjoyed my ride in the firstbus cattle truck/bus this morning, just the 17 standing.  


Seriously love sitting in my room watching Hannah Montana on Netflix all day.   


Gotta love when one problem takes up two boards     really does bring out the best in people 


White girl problems are such a hassle I wish I could be a perfect preppy douche too 


Im thankful for all the Native Americans that were removed from their homes &amp; "Americanized" so we can be here. 


Gotta love it...What would life be like without  LOL!      cause I can totally fall asleep knowing that you're mad at me.



Just changed my life by changing profile pics and cover photos   


 I completely disagree with that mentality. I prevented speeding by moving to NYC, great choice clearly 


Will I am shocked.  MT  BREAKING: Jameis Winston will not be charged in connection to sexual assault accusation.


MOAR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING TODAY! OH GOODIE!!!!  At this rate, I'm going to be passed out on the fucking floor. 


This just in... Its fucking snowing!! Thank you instagrammers and twatters for keeping me updated! 


This Kryer marriage is so f'd up. They go tit for tat all the time. Ideal marriage.  


Oooo, you know you want one. The PERFECT gift for he who has it all.   my mums really happy with me atm    


 more of Mike lies!!!!  ohh my bad your talking about the actual football game   Lol!!!


andress_b justin beiber does graffiti now. He's sooo cool    I really wanted to go to school today  haha 


You guys chill w all the snapchats my phone can't receive them all at once , geez. One at a time guys ... shiitt..





Do you know that your breakfast tastes
better after taking a photo and posting it on
Instagram ?


How to bluff your way through   via  


   That's absolutely why I want oneno one else has one anymore.   ;) 


Others day off is 24-48 hours. Mine is 4 hours. Thank you transition. 



WOW! Check out this crazy, futuristic possibilities of computers
  really appreciate auto DM's, they always persuade me to click on your website. 


 She'll cry anyways when the Shehawks lose year after year, it's all good! 


Whaddaya know. I mention Demi Lovato and I get invited to be in her video.   


Thanks for all the love and support. You're such a quality friend. 


The positivity surrounding Farhi buying Idlewyd is nothing short of awe inspiring.  


What an exciting Friday night   


When people get mad at you for something and then do the same thing, a million times over &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


I think the celtics have a good team Gerald Wallace was Deff a good pick up we have a good coach and we Deff making the playoffs 


Fair balls to the esb lads out in the elements restoring power. Sure they only care about their big wages and pension!!! 


oh joy the chargers and baby boy rivers. so excited.   


 my uncle used to refer to missed calls as miskeen calls  lol


  this seems unbiased and realistic  Should be a good game the tailgate is nothing if not realistic


Getting a lot of DM's pissed off women saying i'm a sexist..` that's not true.. I love sex!  


I'd like to thank the Seattle Mariners for making the price tag for Miguel Cabrera go waaaay up. 


 no, you need to make sure the kid knows he/she sucks and is a disappoint that's the only way they get better 


Wow its been so long since I have seen the penguins or the rangers on national tv its been so long   


This tweet is to appreciate the people ending every single sentence with a 'lol or 'lul' or 'lel' &amp; sewaktu dengannya.  


Of course, there's nowhere better to be on Christmas eve than the fire department 


Don't want to leave, but the good news is it's snowing and  is going on tour... 


The Pope is Time's Person of the Year. Over Miley Cyrus?!  Oh the humanity! 


 Ah you finally discovered 1080p! Hurray! Now I can start enjoying my 7 year old TV!  


 Great 2 see people doing something constructive 2 end issues that lead 2 abortion rather than just doing nothing 


Not going to lie really looking forward to the weekend! Working Friday, Saturday and Sunday night how lucky am I 


 boss " Kong was thinking with a boner when he tweeted that.. No no big boss"


Why can't all politicians be more short-sighted?  


I'm so grateful that in this day and age, I'm able to watch YouTube videos in 240p. 


  ya im so jealous. Its ridiculous....  


Worse yet..we can't answer any questions because we don't want to get in trouble.. house and lose access to stuff and shut 


Who wants to put together a team and knock out coL?! LMK. 


 hahaha as if u are siting for exams  my foot


Going to GC tonight..Etown tomorrow then back to BG for work...then back to GC Friday night. Such a relaxing break  


Oh Internet, you amuse me. And German truly is one of the more beautiful languages in the world. 

   [D-FL] lost $18M in a Ponzi scheme No suprise here he fell for    


Can't wait until my dentist puts five different dentistry tools in my mouth. 


Some people in this community...nicest people ever, am I right? 


 I thought Asian chicken salad was their new soup flavor?? 


 yes and Latvia didn't support nazism, I know  


Shoutout to KISD for properly celebrating Veteran's Day.  


 but Cano may sign with the  and coachpete may be uw bound! Why should we care about Mandella 


 It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...  Im sure u can relate. 


  haha very funny  what odds are on you to winning the jubilee cup 


Sometimes I impress myself when I force myself to do homework... come to think of it, I could probably fly if I really tried, haha. 


So happy my flight is delayed for the last hour and a half.  


 haha oh yeah forgot  can't wait for Sidney Charles lad!!


Turns out I'm Snapchatting Thierry Henry?!     know what would be awesome? Having people on the web understand  , perhaps that's to much to ask for. The world just isn't ready


I love it when my phone shuts off randomly   


Bus! More essence of weed on the no.11. Again, thankyou   - just I'm case you didn't realise....


If Russell Brand is still breathing in a few years, then The Illuminati doesn't exist.
   checking my twitter/facebook after games to see intelligent remarks,  even better when classy fans of opposing teams come in. 


 I have so many fond memories of that place 


My New Years resolution is to lose weight... Haha, that's not gonna happen  


I loveee getting phone calls at 2am from Gary's brothers telling me about all the hell they've raised tonight in Buckhorn  


 But no penalty because he's "not defenseless".

 really cares. 


Update - it's snowing and the roads suck.  Oh yeah &amp; it's winter in Indiana.  


Puro nalang G2B. Pwede bang c Maria mercedes itrend?!?! :)))) 


no it's cool student center I didn't want cheese on my breakfast sandwich 


 and proud to be the one who people copycatted.   Ahahaha


Whoooo early dismissal! More like wow we get out 10 minutes early, westerly is so generous! 


 good to know. So many of my other guy friends are so into sports. 


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                  


So nice of  to try &amp; prove a point by leaving Maddux off his ballot for the    


108 days until Easter Sunday........oh the tension!!!! 


Can you taste the shit coming out of your mouth?    


Oh thankfully we got it to cool off in the apartment a bit.      massive queue at  fish co op. Knew I should have got here at 3am !  love the south coast [pic]:  Science and facts is ok I guess. But what does Megyn Kelly have to say about it? I trust Fox news so much more. 


things just don't happen randomly. there is a reason. always. you can imagine whatever the fuck you want to.   


It's nice to have two outfielders on the same team that do exactly the same thing.   


Yes twitter, I totally needed to know when people retweet my retweets. Thank you. For your wisdom and help with that. 


 How sweet of you but I'm wide awake. Correction, maybe I'm really asleep with my eyes open!   


Mum &amp; Dad leave Hong Kong tomorrow for New Zealand.. Deffo not jealous   


Still cant get over the fact that you mooned me tonight... So fuckin mature. I wish I was HALF as cool as you are. 


Gotta take my boys to the dentist and do some major studying today. ...fun fun fun 


Do you think Beyonc is going to drop an album unexpectedly before then end of 2013???    


Wow Tim Tebow has been hired by ESPN to cover the SEC... I had no idea they liked him 


Man, this Famous Idaho Potato Bowl is almost as packed as an SEC game  


  Can't bet Hazard. What can people do w/o The Hillbilly Palace. Forgot about that place. 


When the RA wakes you up at 530 and says get your stuff its gonna flood. That's when you know its going to be the best of days.  


 Gee, and you'd have thought it would have been Texas.    


Thank you refs for all the fucking foul calls we got.....


Can't believe I couldn't find the skirt I want and needO PIKACHU!"      


I'm happy that my venti coffee I drank at 1pm is still keeping me awake at 3am   More coffee tomorrow!!


Can't wait to practice twice tomorrow, sick. 


I'm not good enough to get the point of all ur genius thought. Keep saying everything, someday you could make someone easily dying. 


I love how all of these supposed crappy  are getting dominated today. 


Hmmm.. Scary.. RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


oh no, there's another photo of  smoking, lets watch everyone turn to hate and think they control his choices 


It snowing outside? I had no fucking idea...  


Im upset i'm going to have to  the second half to go to work.  


So the kid sis is going disneyland paris today I am not gel 1 little bit 


My family started eating thanksgiving dinner while I was in the shower.    


My day just keeps getting better and better. 


Gillian of  has such a great phone voice, her skills are unrivaled 


Me: "How was your date?"
Her: "Not much brains. Thank God he's cute + hung. Jackpot!"
Yep, she has her priorities straight. 


ok watching last 15 mins of England game on itv +1 and I can confidently say we have the World Cup in the bag  


Oh good. Now radio is littered with cover songs like Rhythm of the Night...well done radio   


Still not happy seeing  hashtags in posts. Can we please get a sarcasm font or just figure it out on our own? 


Today's the perfect day to have a killer headache 


Probably the manliest change room ive ever been in    A&amp;E story has to be false. No media outlet would possibly want to censor a person for sharing his or her opinion. Right?!?!? 


If only there more signs like this in the world!! Hahaha!   -   it was actually the buskers fault for having money on display and putting himself in such a dangerous situation



 maybe  paid  to take a dive 


I'm glad the school took away chairs &amp; put in stools attached to the tables just like elementary school. Chairs are just too crazy. 


Ch251 on Sky, a programme called "Extreme Parking", wow, just wow...
 



Thank u so much  4 ignoring my series manager &amp; deciding NOT 2 record  or  2night. REALLY appreciate it! 


   :L oh and amy im having a mark deakin situation and i dont like it


  Yes I was there. With my printing press making you guys credentials, as alleged, right? 


  Don't let coach Snyder see you celebrate prematurely Grant. There's still 2:30 left in the game! 


Remember when I asked for your opinion?   makes me happier than Mom waking me up 30 minutes before my alarm because "sleep is for the weak."    


The first death of 2014 was on Sutphin Blvd, in Queens at 1am. I was just getting off the train, good job to my home city. 


  not excited, nope.     I just love uploading videos: That 5 hour wait and the suspense of knowing if your video quality is right or not just... XD
 


Get to stay up all night and all day. Yay!   


After the Supreme Court's verdict any Wheat Trader calling " Gay Hoon Le Lo" can be Arrested.  


Babysitting my brother is exactly how I want to spend my Saturday night   


    a RB getting player of the week against the Bears D this is shocking. 


Thank you championship game for makin work extremely slow tonight and me making NO MONEY :( 


VANEK IS IN TONIGHT??!! Omg outraged the whole staff should be fired! Bring back Oleg Kvasha! 


 I should have also said  Too early to judge a PM at this point, also too early to judge Gillard. Rudd was a dud.


Yeah 140 characters is not enough to express my "love" for our class 


My dream is to get my sarcasm as perfect as Sheldon's from the Big Bang Theory. 


Prepare to watch Ponder execute the 2 minute drill with incredible precision 


Oh u have a college degree ohh!! Ahhh !! That's soo cool a peice of paper telling u what u already know?  That's awesome 


That was the nicest thing ever, I feel so loved  ahahahahahahaha


A mistake. That's what every girl wants to be to a guy. 


   yea, when are people finally going to start looking out for the rich?  


I'll be up for barn chores in 6 hours. Only like, 30 horses.  


I'm so glad I have Facebook and twitter so I know all about the weather back home!    


Some big moves in the  recently. Wow. Carcillo to the rangers for a 7th rounder. AND  to  


  Yes... that horrible organization that perpetuates peace, gives vaccines to kids, feeds hungry, etc. 


Writing revision cards, to while away those joyful hours over Xmas when I'm not working or essay writing. I love my life. 


So glad my local market is showing  and not  


Wow. You really figure out who is and who isn't there for you.   


Working Christmas Eve and on Christmas Day yayyyy 


And for a show that "embraces" diversity, how racist it is to have the Asian sing the verses of Gangnam Style? How groundbreaking! 


Helena Bonham Carter isn't a very good actress really 


Love how my entire Facebook feed is blowing up with people commenting on the Phil Robertson story.  


5 months until this amazing course is over with   


My mom has been shopping since 4 this morning and still isn't home. She's going to be in such a good mood when she gets here 


 yup, been occurring since yesterday.  No word from the fine ( folks at the Facebook on a fix.


  What a fantastic excuse for not helping people in need! They deserve poverty b/c of sin! Brilliant! 


 haha looked like you were having fun. 


This week just keeps getting better and better. 


 or    Lets talk about the real problem!                    


Just sent in my audition for band first chair material right there 


HUGE CROWD in Cookeville for  DII-A state football championship. Standing room only. 


My boyfriend is so cute when he ignores me for hours at a time &lt;3   


you cant beat a good ole irish essay on cork city to pass the evening!....


For having sung such heartbreaking romantic songs,  does  like no one else. I love it!


I pay for RX med coverage now and it still ran me $50.  I assume this will just get worse with     


It's snowing and my dog has a mass cell tumor. Can this day get any better? 


Hey guys! Do you think Global Warming has anything to do with this freeze up? 




  Left in facility from the logistics consultants? SMH. Thanks for making my Xmas!   love is when people open my snapchats and don't answer 


Can you believe it? Ricky Ricardo is smoking in front of his toddler? OUTRAAAAGE!  


It's cool take your sweet time to text back hunny 


Na Okada man wey carry fat woman na im go know say "slow and steady wins the race"   


Tomorrow is supposed to get in the negatives. (Below zero) lol and this lucky guy gets the honor to work all day in it. YES! 


I was just lectured by a customer service rep on why I should not use profanity. Thanks, I had no idea it offended you. 


 I thought he was just fibbing which is a lesser offense.  


  I'm always available for freelance work. I'm very good at getting a point across!   


Just in time too, im probably the first to beat it. 


 those red lights sure are pretty at night 


When it's snowing make sure you stock up on this, because you know you may never see it again.   at  ,we want to have a relationship with you." Glad the mortgage dept picks up the phone when you most need them 


Decorating the Christmas tree by myself is so fun     


 I got it. Just use  next time for people who only speak twitter and have forgotten normal language skills.


  Absolutely. Your genius is undeniable.  Just ask 


 sorry Katie but you see you and  actually did well.. I'm not really congradulating them  


 but the sites all fixed right?     Honestly, do we have to listen to Obama BS for another 3 yrs? 


  It's as real as Santa. Retiring as you have a movie coming out? That doesn't sound planned at all! 


"Yes. A blowpop is an obvious healthy alternative to an apple."   


cheers to the profs who make me pull my hair out.  


Atleast the Boys didnt blow a 24 pt halftime lead  home like they did vs Detroit 2 years ago. Was only 23 this time  


Just realised I can't watch the England game tomorrow. What a shame. 


Omg a count down woo wow can't believe it woo 


If u have to tweet  or  you're doing something wrong.


TURKEY PRODUCTION?!?! HOLY SHIT!!         we have representative democracy, except on gay things. Then suddenly we are a direct democracy.  


Don't you just love being up till 1 doing homework? I know I do! :)   I didn't want to sleep anyways. 


Oh, is An Adventure in Space and Time on tonight? I hadn't realised... 


I love not being able to sleep on nights that I'm trying to sleep at sensible times. 


Didn't end up going to Albuquerque for the game. ..thanks mom.  


So heartburn u just wanna shit on me while I'm watching Law &amp; Order? U do oh ok, thank u 


So enjoying the bass that has been blaring outside the office for 30 min  


 Ugh of course..43 seconds left and the dolphins lose.    same with the dumbass chiefs!


Well... That's a great way to start off my work week... 


shame noone's making a fuss about it being the 50th anniversary of Doctor Who. someone in the BBC publicity dept is missing a trick 


Liburry = Calmly studying in the am. Stressing over my 8 pg senior paper in the pm!      


 you should delete that. Who would ever tweet that?  


I'm all dressed up and feeling sexy.      12:16am and still nothing...hmm perfect. 


I don't have to manage my temper, manage your fucking stupidity.    


 Yeah because telling someone to kill yourself makes you look like such a good person. 


Great weather forecast for tomorrow. Work is gonna be fucking awesome 


  approx 40% of all scholars. Imagine what would happen if our ed system weren't broke 


Just perfect!! Spending christmas eve in a car, stuck in a traffic.. 


Dear &lt;insert higher power&gt;, You are to blame for the Kardashians. Hey, thanks for that!   


Watching this great Advert montage. They ruin it by those constant NBA matches every 2 minutes. 


" 49ers should've won, but I can see why they lost; Ve Davis &amp; Eric Reid out for the game" yeah that is why they lost 


 it is un-American if it is not that way  


Monday morning hangover. Great start to the week. 


It's weird how well the added CGI scenes fit in with this film shot in 1977 


 I bet the Texas powers that be can't believe so many turned them down. Aren't they the pinnacle? 


Woohoo!!! Only 6 hours and 40 minutes left of my 14 hour work day!!!! 


I really need to get some sleep....I've had a lot of that lately.  


 thankyou so much for your help and response involving my issue where noone will tell me where my order worth 100 is 


Pretty unclutch drive by romo if you ask me.  


Ano ang pinakamagandang balita na maririnig mo ngayon?  ANG MAY PASOK BUKAS   not like I wanted to talk to you or anything? 


I just love it when people make up rumors about me. Y'all are too sweet!.



    oh right cool lets give him whatever he wants a week 200k do ? 


-"Dude your girl told me to tell you that; 'It's over.'"

-"Awesome!"
  


 Morning,your working week just gets better 


words cant describe how much Im looking forward to Chem 


Final tweet about bedlam also goes to OSU fans: thanks for the pre- game trash talk. Really makes us look good.  


  Why not? I thought that was deceiving! 


2 more hours of depression and suicidal thoughts.  


Here comes the pain! Thank god for the dentist 


Coach Sam and Reggie Rucker think Chud should have sat down Josh Gordon before he broke his own week old sacred record  


 Bigger loss is Havili. Who can Luck throw a screen or shuffle pass to on 3rd and 12? 


gotta love getting those unexpected bills in the mail 
 


Yep,  is a David Pogue apologist. Choose your sides, media. 


 Check into a Spinal Restoration Hospital Seems like current Congress has NO Spine! 


Nothing gets me more outta my mind than listening to wrecking ball in the gym everyday.
 


Love stodgy porridge and a banana for brekkie/lunch  


Watching Pokemon at 1am because Paris knows how to party! 


 Are you telling me I shouldn't have written in   


Use your brain and read between the lines. 


 finished on such a great note too  


RG3's game was made to thrive in driving snow!  


"The iceberg lettuce here is amazing!  LOL!    Gondola:  


  BIG NEWS, company X announces date for news conference at CES 


 Aww, a brotherly hug for Klaine.  How sweet.     Borrowed from 


CAPS LOCK tanda protes. AM AMAR IZZUDEN nama gua. Protes diri sendiri maybe. Kahkahkah    cc   :)


Oh wow another superhero movie. I wonder what's next.  


A loverly 14 hour shift done and dusted!  


miluju graficke citeni naseho pana starosty :-)  


 An NBA player with an illegitimate kid?! Who woulda thought????  


 all you have to do is get out of their way and the students will learn everything they need to know about everything. 


The hallmark channel is high quality television. 


  When was a day "chosen nationally to celebrate his birth" ? LOL  Celebrate solstice? 


Wait wah wait....obamacare has financial aid if you can't afford obamacare? Well sign me up!  


So now I have no idea when I'm getting an upgrade...awesome! 


Well thanks for not making the ending a cliffhanger    


An established fraud linked vaccines to autism...several other studies failed to show that link...guess we should go with the fraud 


Joe Flacco earning that big contract today... 


A special Thanks to everyone who posted a picture of the snow outside. I haven't figured out how to use a Window yet! 


For my money, music peaked when Guns N Roses covered "Sympathy for the Devil." 


Whoever came up with the cover art for Justin Bieber's new album is obviously really creative. 


 aka Callie Rowswell is the epitome of empathy, sympathy and general niceness.    


Im really good at keeping secrets because five minutes later I forget what you told me because I dont care.Whatever.



Mass produced buttons... Express yourself! $1.50 each      now had  for 52 days. Of those 52 days, my service has been down 22 days.  


In a culture that glamorizes sin &amp; celebrates celebrities that promote it to our children, by all means don't speak out against it. 


Breaking News: Not enough fans showed up. Banner unfurling cancelled. 


 - learn the term for its my motto and the one word I live by. If you take everything I say serious then....well....God help you


 Yes they are! And the new scoreboards at the stadium are just what we've been waiting for to turn this thing around 


Studying for a test that no one knows what is on it. Because that motivates me to study.. 


can't wait to hear the new 2014 slang/catch phrases. 


  hey no negativity. All our customers are so sweet and nice to us.  


 I don't understand the question. Eating is fine before, during and after, if I'm feeling really hungry. 


let me just tell you how excited i am for "happy birthday jesus" posts tomorrow.  


That moment when your family doesn't have the decency to go to your band concert. Such a great family 


Starting the New Year off right. Nasri in my FPL and Yahoo PL side. First YC of the gameweek!  


It's also comforting to know I don't work at all this week. 


Oh, I really had missed those   commercials. 


Took pictures of my FAVOURITE plants in the world today!!! Conifers!!! 


 Phoenix is a hotbed for hockey fans apparently. 


This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player. 


Gotta clean the house before my grandparents get here.   


 i totally love how my ipod is just a shrine of you, when your not around i just have to look at them ;)   


About to get 3 shots! Way to finish this amazing day! 


"  So happy I'll be driving during the chiefs game 


Thanks Kobe for tearing your Achilles, now you won't have Nike make low cut shoes for you! 


Hooray another long week. Just what I wanted 


  Should be called the "Easter Army" with sack cloth &amp; ashes 


Theres snow flurries and mass chaos happening at Kroger! 


"Thanks for the Pic. Oh, Wow!  You have a Penis, too!  WOW! What are the Odds!?!?".    


  Speak for yourself! I have food for a month! You never know. You have to be prepared in Buffalo. 


My mom's beautiful hair do!  My mom didn't wanted my hair down 'cause it was "all over my    who would have thought making algebra relevant would make it easier to learn?     Relevance trumps rigor


  and  need to make these games closer and more exciting.  


  lucky for us wade likes to keep stuff in house. 


The roads are in great condition and you can see everything clearly    


Woohoo no sleep for me! Thanks people who find it necessary to use fireworks to bring in the New Year! 


Well, maybe the teachers want to spend more time with us because they're gonna miss us when we graduate :&gt; 


Can't count on my brother for anything. Thanks a lot bro.  


"Guys.. Its the new year, we have to try new things...because..yolo.."    


Nothing like shutting yourself in the foot. Good job cowboys. 


 what's your prediction for tonight? Kings in 7? 


 thats what happens when you have two great minds collaborate 


Wow I'm really glad I started to have a coughing attack during my performance today, thank you throat, much appreciated!  


  I hope there is a "not favorite" on the next version of twitter. 


 I'm being a typical negative saints fan.. 


Congratulations Mr. President on enrolling 500,000 people on Obamacare, probably the equivalent of 0.2 % of Americans  


 you have to be proud of how well the refs you employ are calling this game...  


Dead excited for my interview with ofsted!  


 S/o to EA for this wonderful TD promo. Especially the Black Friday bundles. It's wonderful!   


 Probably my most favorite thing is being ignored. 


 I mean with over 300k followers I'm not sure why I haven't been picked at least 5 times..  


Ah  First refuge of office sign defilers.  at home aline on a Friday night? Yes, Who needs friends?  



The most moving of this week's JFK tributes was the official photo of POTUS looking at JFK's painting. Not narcissistic at all. 


 Shame on Coach K for recruiting these one and done players! He's ruining college basketball! 


Great!! Aikman and Buck are back! Can't wait to listen to this game...  


Today was just so great.. I cant wait for it to be over 


Come on  - can you give me a good game at least?  


 come on pro they're such a model franchise!! 


Yes, OT! Just what every newspaper editor wants to hear. 


Come home to find a very drunk uncle drowning his sorrows in Jameson. Yay. 


Two punts in the first half? Thats unacceptable!  


hujan deras -.- please bgt jgn mati listrik.. or my unfortunate life will be completed 


           other 10% of the time I'm thinking of sarcastic things to say, either way is a win for me   


 bright side Doumit batted .247 last year. Bout 30 pts higher than most of roster 


Thank you again Jason, for your massive input in helping me with my application with my apprenticeship,, 


" Sleet making North Alabama roads slick as temps fall below freezing.   and the fun begins 


YEAAAAH TOTALLY A DUDE WHO'S 41 AND IS SCARED OF GIRAFFES IS TOTALLY IN THE ILLUMINATI!  
 Eminem


Neck kisses are your weakness? OMFG. How weird and unusual. 


This describes the relationship my sister and I have    people are so much better than 1D!   


Andy Reid is a real impressive play caller. 


 yeah, you've really let yourself go Matt...  


Watching  on  and cracking up at how highly Theo Walcott rates himself...was he top scorer last season 


Of course! Air filters being back in plumbing makes perfect sense... 


 Photo:   1 kiss in 8 years. Thank you TPTB at NCIS, you spoil us TIVA shippers. 


I hope the rest of my day continues in the clear as mud fashion the first half has so pleasantly been. 


Snapping pics of my shoes at the gym = I'm busting my ass:)
       to the guy who saw me with my hands full and couldn't wait two seconds to hold the door for me. Your girlfriend is lucky.  


 : Mandela Funeral: Fake  joins CNN    


I TRIED BUYING 5SOS TICKETS BUT I COULDNT FIND ANY AMERICAN DATES!?!?! MAYBE SomeTHING IS WRONG WitH THE WeBSITE  


 the point of a clear backpack? There is no way to conceal a weapon in that.  


 a little


 Make sure you wear pearls and bring your man his slippers and a brandy while you're at it. 


well looks like I'm going to have a fun day today 


Its officially morning when the bin men appear.... and I haven't slept a wink.    i need to use  more often in tweets, hate $IBM here.


Currently at the crystals rehearsal, this is so much fun 


Love spending my Saturday nights doing an 11 hour shift in work........... 


I love when people don't act excited for something 


Love waking up early on my P.A. Day to go to the dentist 


 thanks again to the Ksu police for being so informative and helpful 


Remember to not encourage the performers at church! This is for Jesus not a rock concert. 


 that poem was so good though, you can't deny  


 gonna keep it simple this year. Want 20lb peanuts in each. That's all. 


 THE YANKEES ARE DOOMED AND THE METS ARE GOING TO WIN THE WORLD SERIES. KBYE    trolling!!! lol


 " Lets hear some pearls of Wisdom from Shoaib Akhtar"


Whenever the  win I be like, "So!??!?! Yall suck!"  


Really looking forward to going shopping with the kids! 


Checking the mails. The government of Quebec is so nice. They remember my birthday Because I have to pay my licence. Thank you! 


Hope you sleep good tonight.. Knowing you ended my night with an absolute shitty attitude. 


 working on thanksgiving and not spending time with my family.. 


See Blondie sing Heart of Glass in right field of AT&amp;T Park. Bucket list complete.   is unbeatable at home....   .... Cardinals  I've said it all year Seattle is overrated


Wow guys you know I've been saying they should make a Madea Christmas movie.   


That proud moment when you talk your sister through the steps of how to break into your own home. She's in!   


I will lead a revolution. 'Cause I know Americans are super ready to listen to a left wing foreigner 


Oh, this will surely help the Admissions Office with their recruitment of students of color.  

 the dances I got showed me a lot for a shy girl  


 I believe I just saw Nick Young's first career assist.   lol


S/O to all the ACH people that came out to the game today! 


It's 2 AM and I'm still not done this paper!!     


well.....I lost me phone somewhere..don't try to get a hold of me...   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


         :)  just tuned to the Victoria Secret fashion show for like the last 2 seconds wow good timing  


I love how we honor freedom of speech for everyone no matter who they are or what they believe.  


Prank calls are actually so funny like that's my fav. Thing to get after practice. 


 I never doubted it because you told us the Skins would never come back.  


To say I'm excited to drive back to Nashville at 7 tonight is an understatement.... 


I find it so attractive when people slurp, chew like a cow, and talk with their mouth full of food. 


Asshole  makes a POSTIVE impact on peoples lives.  They challenge others to be better, smarter, faster, more creative. 


I'm kinda dreading basketball now...Nashua is a bunch of ballers! 


That debris looked incredibly dangerous....  


That was so nice of the m15 select bus driver to pretend not to see us paying at the 50th St kiosks &amp; just fly by.  


My ass just got grabbed by a flannel wearing dude in a biker bar...clearly my dream in life has been fulfilled   


Chadaha'g thought sa gipangsulat nila sa FS namo oyst. 


 just so glad that Philly got a chance to end their 15 game losing streak on us   .


I'm sorry but  falls out of my mouth just like  falls out of yours


So many freshman in my jury time. Prepared to be amazed.  


  It's wonderful... gives me lots of time to listen to CBC in the morning. 


Loving the cute YouTube comments. This person seems really nice and well educated.     utterly "wonderful" days and now Friday 13. Bring it on   


I can now cross off having someone spilling a drink on me from my bucket list.. definitely what I was hoping for.   


I just want to send my thanks to Warwick for backing out or doing whatever they did to not show up tomorrow 


See its super easy to get a game of  on  1 again tonight!
 


Happy  , or as I call it,  A Day I Still Have To Work.  


Strange strategy  and  have going right now - both have all 3 timeouts left with 5 minutes left in the game. 


 Why is Monty is goal? He sucks!! Get rid of him and fire Noel for putting him in net! All their fault... 


Gotta love when refs do their best to control a game.  


Most Wanted Players in January (chances of leaving)
Check out number 1   

see all &gt;&gt;  all he does is make you cry , my dear you not dating a man , you are dating an onion.  society


Wow... NFL... I know you are trying to make it up to the Saints, but REALLY?? A penalty for playing football?? Nice. 


 What a PORKER. God. How dare she go out in public. 


Its our 3 month, and i havent heard 3 words from you... thanks /: that made my day great ! 


This is so far proving to be another great night for all of us 


Clearly the City of Buffalo is to blame for the Raptors 7-12 season.   


I just got outta work and now its homework time yayyyyyyyyyyy 


Things never go my way thanks bro I really appreciate it  


Having a fire alarm go off in the middle of night...   


NFL teams beware. Davis is the next version of Richie Incignito  RT:  This nigga shon fart more then anybody I know 


. This conversation alone is worthy of some comic award.     You name it; it has it!


. I'm sure Obama can take it from here. Isn't he the one that can solve all the worlds problems? 


 Seriously, I should just go teach at Hope. Miss having the Wierzbicki clan in my life.   


Man, I am so smart I told you that TWTR was overpriced. It was such a non-consensus view. I'm so original. 


You know what the zoning rewrite needs? More hearings!   on  that work that im going to be showing at the tutorial tomorrow is unreal  


i cant wait to see everyone's pictures of food tomorrow on every social network possible 


I love it when my car just decides randomly not to start 


 haha. Yes. Very much so. Needed a  tag.


Hmm...well it surely wasn't ya Avi that clearly screams peace love an happiness   


" Don't forget to tweet about how much you ate &amp; brag about all your expensive presents!  

Merry CHRISTmas."


 haha of course LOL almost always i have a good answer with me LOL  i am good..tired after ER but good..and u ?


Howie Long looks a little....blacker this morning.  


 the SEC has so much speed they dont have to keep gaps or contain. 


 thanks. Thats my life long accomplishment.  so are we done here now


My luck gets better!! Stuck on the train because someone pulled the emergency brake! Yayyy!!! 


This is written by a male surgeon. I am so shocked.    


Does your ass ever get jealous of all of the shit that comes out of your mouth?      


I just love when people forget about stuff that they claim is important to them...   


I should be done today but I get to make up a philosophy test tomorrow!   


You know what's awesome? Jumping up fr the couch &amp; forgetting ur coffee mug is nestled in b/w ur thighs.  Coffee everywhere!Go Me! 


My phone I just blowin up right now   


No one understands how much energy it takes to be right all the time.   


Yesssss! I get to work in the blizzard!!   


Belgium is truly amazing at 4 in the morning....   Well of course - the only way for rape shelters to have "safe space" is for transwomen to all die 


   I bet those four councillors you suspended agree with that statement 


No better way to spend Christmas Eve then to have your car towed  


Dear  NDA laid roads on the easy terrain &amp; left difficult part for UPA. :D      || 


Stranger: "wow ur handsantizer smells strong" me: "no thats just the shots I took before class....."  


Great to see mum is so incredibly excited and enthusiastic about my dream to study/move overseas. 


i love living right next to the train tracks it's dope. i love hearing it 24/7 


 haha! Luck of the draw altho my status is maintaining brilliantly 


7am this morning on the train home from a night out in Manchester    wonder if I had an iphone if I would get more girls? 


 but women aren't as strong   I mean 


Oh soccer fans in wild brawl with flares? Must be  fans!  


I feel like I should be doing some form of work but I'm too busy doing nothing whatsoever. I'm gonna do so well in my exams. 


  you owe me $7 for that sandwich... 


Oh, it's snowing up north? Guess that means we should all sing Christmas carols and put up our trees...  


Everton look so lost without Moyes and his coaches, they should have never let Moyes go. 


Amazing, fabulous water tonight.  or just  u decide mom :)  lines at Target are so short right now... 


  hey funny man! leave the comedy to us we know whats funny! Dane Cook and Mencia are the GOATS in comedy. 


5/5 are taken...what a wonderful Christmas gift for our fandom... 


It's up to 8 degrees and only feels like -7! Yayyy!  


Okay bus you can show up now it's a little just a little cold out here. 


There's no better feeling than a torn earlobe. 


1 week down in this bad boy! 11 more weeks to go! I love my      Trippier best right back in the championship ?..... Obviously you haven't seen Todd Kane.....  


I love driving aimlessly around town during the wee hours of the morning!!     


   While aI agree with you... ...still fun ;)  gonna take a wild guess and no school tomorrow 


 someone isnt watching the 6-3 Northwestern-Michigan thriller 


  Best quote of Grandpa to Grandma: If you're sassy, you're going to retirement home!  XD


  Is there a  inside? otherwise i might call it a HOAX :p  haha  


Sheldon from Big Bang Theory cracks Me the F up!!!!!    


:)  RT   warms up on his way to work by pretending to be Ron Burgandy. Hey just said it on 


Man, some old Browns highlights back when current UT HC Butch Davis was the HC of the Browns.  (Calm down people, it's a joke)


New Facebook. New instagram. New Twitter. Whew, it's been such a long day. 


  Shocking that the network commissioned it and celebrates the win. Nothing wrong there. 


Such a nice way to start the day. Joey having a temper tantrum.  


  Thanks so much! That's so comforting!!!!  :/


  well played barensy, did well holding on to that lead  


Cold enough for these today!           I'm like this horrible person   


My sister is perfection so she doesn't ever misspell things 


Heroes doing Gods work  RT  KC police have discovered 4,000 percent more marijuana this year:  off to baby room to be attacked by one baby that won't leave me alone  


OMG I love the new Instagram so much, it's just like snapchat with filters! It's so great!!   


im literally so good with boys its ridiculous 


There are two types of people in the world:  1. People who understand and appreciate  .  2. Idiots.


Love being a total piece of shit I really fucking do! 


Only 54 minutes until my flood of cute, personal New Year's Eve messages... 


Not being able to sleep is probably like, the coolest thing ever... 


 pretty solid nominating process  


"     Hey did you not get the memo? He is not an athlete.  Haha :)


   why don't we just pick up Tebow and draft defensive players? 


luv how my former station continues to employ a host who degraded a professional female tv personality because he thinks he's funny 


This is how you learn a character: watch a clip on YouTube, hear somebody having a debate, see one picture on Google. PERFECT 


Is this how these things work?

RT if you miss  

FAV if you would trade  for him

  


  Ok, you guys are right. Lets delete ALL THE PORN off the Internet since you obviously don't need it




 even worse in Philadelphia where they're playing  home team on the right of screen. Americans always do it other way


So did it snow last night? I'm not sure  


   But I forgot Saban will be coaching Texas by then. 


Well didn't the Lions look excited to win then?  


I really love being left out of everything, it really makes me feel great  


 SHHH everyone ones gonna be asking me for pics now great  


My piata definitely is going to win. It is sooooo good. 


Works night out tomorrow really looking forward to hitting town with a bunch of obese boozed up over 40's sounds like fun 


 how feminists claim to represent all women   


Yes, *please* come and ask me for data you need for your 10am meeting at 4:40pm the day before. I will &lt;3 you forevers, precious 


I'm trying to sleep....thanks for not trying to be obnoxious.. 


 autographed my left boob..I feel loved! Guessing it belongs to you now huh lol?!    is the most retorted site ever. So painful to reload a card. 


  Just glad I can disable their one "brilliant" idea. 


 Sure anne... I would love to share food.... 


This issue my pretty face ;P haha        the weekend...I am by myself haha great time for Stevie! 


Appreciate the scream someone just done to wake me up from the nicest sleep 


Two weeks before my birthday, I got just what I wanted. To loose all of my friends :D 


Nothing says we value diversity more than  an official CityChristmasTree in Nathan Phillips sq  
CityHall must be 4 everyone 


  right?!  It was very obvious. It's  people!


So nails done, toes done, kettle corn by my side and I have a freakin VSOP mixed drink on my other side this nights fuckin great 


Really looking forward to the school run this morning in these winds! 


Stranded in my car in the snow/rain and my dad has my keys. Good thing he won't answer his phone.   


Completely forgot it was my brother's birthday and was only reminded when mum called him to say happy birthday   


 Dave Matthews Band working on a new studio album I hope it's as good as the last 4 they put out  


 I can't even imagine that. Does that pretty much seal the deal for mowing this season? 


suppose its a full day of essays, maths and revising!  


Lol RT   the playoffs started already? Guess I missed it! 


Plot twist: That DBU water bottle is secretly the only reason I applied  


If there's one thing I love it's standing out in the cold for a bus that's over a half hour late. 


I guess it's just to snowy to drive anywhere..


I love how race stereotypes are not ok, but age, religion, disability, body-size, &amp; political ones are.   


Jones starts oh shit look put Arsenal  


Please, refrain from sending me smileys through text. I love texting robots. 


Google decided that no one wanted an apostrophe as a first level option on the android keyboard anymore. Helpful. 


 Locker hurt  HUGE impact on fantasy football  He's like the white Vick of QBs


The game ball barely had his prints RT   comeback was nuts. Had Trent Richardson's fingerprints all over it! 


 Good to see you out again! Noticed you follow   They're fantastical!   


Off to shop and brave the masses.       wish the media would hype these college players up a little more. Not even 12 hours, and I haven't heard enough about Winston. 


im spening new years with my ex and his girlfriend... yay :'D 


 ....if only Nicole wasn't so ugly, she could be a real star   


I can't wait until I sit in this class for the next hour and a half! 


Are we all in agreement that this loss is entirely on Saban and he's lost his touch and needs to retire or be fired? 


I was in a serious relationship once. We never ever smiled.  


 Did you take some of those pills that were floating around Jess??? 


 since we will have school Monday..  


   how statesman like. Blackmail. God how proud I am of our Scottish govt. 


 Wow. He predicted the Dolphins wouldn't show up? Way to go out on a limb.  


i will then head out into the wilderness by myself. It will be difficult and i don't know how I will cope :-)   


"We just suck" words for my amazing coach. we have so much encouragement. 


Yeah, because being put down by my own mom too makes me feel so much better.
  


Yeah, school, how I love thee, and the people there  


Oh how I missed beautiful lyrics of Steel Panther's "Girl From Oklahoma" 


OMG CROSBY MADE THR TEAM!!! I'm shocked and amazed!    


Thank you to whoever brought the smell of weed into Drinko. I really wanted a contact buzz tonight, thanks for asking...  


I love that  said to Ezekiel Emanuel "You're fun to talk to." It reminds me of a fave of the liberals: "You seem nice." 


Well I'm just shocked!  -&gt; Liberal groups spent more on state elections in 2012 than conservatives
 Oh man, we owned Hamlet.  Tell her to send more papers our way for Christmas break  


Busting for my 5.30 alarm in the morning can't wait!  


It's all about the 20 minute breaks in between every 5 minutes of studying 


I'm really diggin' those blackouts I get every time I wake up. Feels like time travelling! 


 Tough break man. I guess we can't all have good jobs.  


Thankful for my giant erections that keep me from sleeping in. 


Fantastic series  Keep up the good work. 


If you grind hard enough that bitch will keep cumin ??? What a great analogy   


 Lots of strong responses coming in regarding what the  should do about E.German dopers..."Gosh.Already? 


Can't wait to see all the bandwagon Rough Riders fans tomorrow 


Jack loved spending time with me on Christmas  


RAMSS won't work for me no big deal, it's not like I wanted to see my final marks or anything 


i really wish it didn't live in a place where it snows.... im movin to California! whos comin with me?  


My boys really love Brussels sprouts     my most  with a hint of  ,

Even if I had a pocket full of f*cks, I still...  remarks and a sarcastic tone can quickly put people off. Are you pushing people away?   must be so fantastic to have 1000+ friends on FB even tho u prob only know 300 or so  


Bring on tonight! new years working in notts!  


 honestly  get your priorities straight. 


Wow, that's I never known such a fact(!)    Gwisgo clogyn felly fethes i roi fy nwylo o fy mlaen 


    Just cuz Obama is declared LIAR OF THE YEAR is no reason to doubt his HI birth cert. LOL 


Shocking allowing the opposing team to get right back in it with a score.  


The most nerve-wrecking question - "How are You?"   
- 


 - how can you say that an Android device is "NOT PERFECT." You, sir, are biased. 


I swear, I get invited EVERYWHERE.   


 I'm amazed that folk still casually use "gay" as an insult. Lovely to see humanity grown up and wiser 


 "Oh, I didn't know social media was true..." - Nikki Bella    


 Oh it will b much nicer in Blkburn on Sat i'm sure   but i'll b there&amp;really can't wait  x


"If you're not a size six then you're not good looking" - Society  


Someone else will do the work while I post Islamic links and feel good about myself - inshaAllah :)

  seams to work perfect after that last update 


I hope you have enough story lines to write about this week  


Man I wish I could lie all the time and get away with it  


What up Holmes? 2 spectacular grabs by the former  reserve. McCloin to Holmes over Romo to Bryant?  


dear  logged out for 3 days and can't use any apps to run my business, it's cool I only pay $50 a mo for use  


I just simply can't stand the thought of having to go for two whole hours tomorrow  


Brian is back on family guy. what a surprise! 


Od lordy lordy what did you do trading those two superstars Darcy.  


Waking up to the sound of arguing adults that sound like kids is always fun...  


These commentators sound so excited   


I'm thankful for how much of a slob Ed is, cleaning the house would be too easy if he was neat 


 Then y did he get an raise and an extension... Just cuz he's a good guy i guess?? 


Another great defensive play in what has been a game filled with great defensive plays.  


Waking up to major cramps and my family being obnoxiously loud is just what I wanted to do. _ 


Don Cherry says some blame owed to the injured by head shots and blind side hits. Old rich white blaming the victim. That's new 


 hum hum..  Sorey but hs swagger than u    que tengo fro... 
         why it's taking Cuonzo longer than usual to show up at the postgame presser? 


 
Because a sippy cup sounds so much like a video game... 


They say the kneel down (victory formation) is the best in football. I think it's gotta be the Wildcat 


Only the smartest people opt for an MUN during the holidays...  


And i have a headache its too hot in here and my stomach is upset  


Just a little water in the backyard.     love these dogs in the apartment next to mine 


I keep winning at this game and I'm not really playing. It will probably be okay and not my fault though.  


Wonders how long I last before I fall asleep? One eyed willy here.  


Forced to watch turtle man with my family. This is just so fantastic! 


New cracks in the windshield makes me so happy.  


    Customer service at its best! 


Oh YES, Pat! This is EXACTLY what the founders MEANT by *well-regulated militia* !!  !   
 


Thank you guys so much for not covering your mouth when sneezing I really appreciate it and now I have the goddamn disease 


  Yea totally! Roberts will be a solid replacement of Cano 


If only there was some way for a phone to remind you of Important things you should remember  :-D
  


It is warmer outside here than it is inside my apartment. I can't wait to go home.  


  what a great way to talk to your mother.  


Still can't get over my love handles you guys.... 




Oh yeah! Sure! We'll take a test on random vocab when we all studied for chapter 5.That's totally fine!  


Too bad i had to miss the movie  due to bandh.. Really 


  I don't care what Time's executives say, that's good news for unbiased journalism 


 WHAT?!? She dared to point out the adopted child is black in a white family? OFF WITH HER HEAD!!!  


in bed at half 6 on a Saturday night... I lead such an eventful social life 


 v.  wow! That sounds like a game! 


My hairs falling out,yay.    


 Beats by Dream? Those sound interesting, where would you buy those at? xP haha 


I love walking out in sleet to find my car is one big solid ice box    


North Carolina: Great idea to allow firearms in bars. Let's get drunk and shoot eachother!  


Sleep is for the weak. I am not weak: therefore, I need no sleep....


So many annual leave requests today. Great to see everyone so pleased to be back at work already. 


Seems like a right party animal our Rebecca. She's at a house party with black sunglasses on  


Well I have a spare Christmas present that's been rejected. God this has to be one of the best Christmas's ever! 


 he's not athletic enough. just a high IQ 


Only  can drag a 15 minute drive to the gym last 50 minutes.    


Excited na ako sa area ko bukas. Yey. Sa infirmary ako!! 


 Yes, with two coaches off the board how could they possibly find someone to hire? 


These guys took this seriously!     2 pac of eminems for 50 cents? Man thats ludacris! I have to admit, this made me    


I just love when I start getting nauseous while I have a severe head cold. Awesome! 


I think my favorite thing to do is fill out paper work at the doctors office, same paper work over and over! Lots of fun!


  kaisey kaisey log hain, itni stereotyping sehat k liye achi nahi hoti, aur na hi  ;)


winter storm tmro means i can't go see my boyfriend... awesome. my favorite. just what i wanted. yay. soo excited.   


I guess Tony Romo isn't playing, but you couldn't tell by watching ESPN.... 


And obvs well done to  for notifying your drivers that we are unable to access the underground at Finsbury Park. 


 hes so bad he used alot of money to buy little kids in care homes toys for Xmas! Damn hes a bad person :) 


Hate losing these close games when you outplay the other team!



Meanwhile at the mall...         I believe I just saw Nick Young's first career assist.     


Here's a good example of gender equality:  

Who cares about imagination...

 


  BG and the PG BG played with though!!!  I'd prefer EDD, Latta, CP, Piph, Catch, Neka..so everyone better than BG


The Indiana Passing Defense is light years better ranked 118th out of 125 teams....  


Oh good. I didn't want to go to sleep until 2am.   forward to our first day of training at Sugarloaf being -8  


Shane Warne is such a modest and humble guy...  


Its a good thing the bears didn't resign  these linebackers look awesome  


Trent really making an impact for the  tonight  


 Tch, tch, don't be sarcastic and then use a  tag.


  great defense of that article Adam! You're so insightful.... 


  Annnnnd he just gave every girl his location.  


  OMG!!! HEB at Tower Point has Smithwick's!!! Spread the word! Ha ha! 


  what a wonderful social conscience George has 


Hey well at least the lakers hired a head coach whos only had good things happen throughout his career. That helps.
 


Dey say if u care for others... dey undrstand u....
Seriously dey undrstand alot  


Kentucky and Baylor women need to figure out how to score the ball.....only 263 combined points! 


Starting off hump day with some outstanding work in the classroom. .


   Yes I'm a sarcastic bastard. Woe be unto he that harms a child. Women deserve the best care possible.


Home game- no students, no cheerleaders, no band.  Wow that's some spirit EW 


Brees got tackled so obviously that's a penalty.  


Nothing says today's going to be great day like waking up and taking a cold shower.  


Yeah don't try to fix anything, don't worry it's not like you did anything wrong.....  


Fighting for my job back every time I come home is definitely my idea of fun   


The white gloves on Penn State's band are so classy. They don't look like douchebags at all 


Good Morning!! &lt;3 such a lovely day        :(


Wow i can barely see across the road the storm is so bad!  


Coughing fits are the best!! What's even better are ones on public transport!!    


Yay! Can't wait to be working from 11.30 to 8.30 tonight ...cause what else would I want to do on a Friday night eh?  


.  They must thing it's gang colors.


having the choice of going down stairs, or staying in bed...hmm hard one 


 Suddenly MultiCam, tons of it. Haha looks like fun ( Good luck, and thank you for your service. 


Troof RT  Josh McCown's December record is 4-10. Why isn't the mean ol' media talking about that? 


Love getting all cleaned up and pretty for bed and the following day of doing absolutely nothing 


 should be able to KICK one in against this rookie goalie. 


 absolutely nothing is wrong with me, I am PERFECT 


We still don't have our Christmas tree up. This family really is embracing the Christmas Spirit. Not. 


Well thanks for dealing with this current bout of spam accounts  


got thrown into a pool at wedding lol....were a very classy people 


OMG I'm so thankful that my furnace stopped working when it's a fucking tundra outside    


What the hell is wrong with you people. RT   lol the death of American soldiers is so funny 


Hmmm labs... Shodien trenins lkm nemaz nav... How wonderfull... 


Chuck: I mean, she's an angel! Emerson: Yeah, angel of death!  


Apparently Nelson Mandela was a communist. I learn new things every day from Facebook. 


Michael Gove says Tristram Hunt attacks him for being partisan so hes glad Hunt spoke for 4 minutes without doing that.  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Trying to find vegan food at 10pm in Phoenix with a tired 3 year old and my dad -- piece of cake. 


Lol but that girl you're flirting with tho   


id love to spend all day liking pictures of half naked girls. 


 I would hate to run into one of my favorite all times out and about in town this week!  


Look how the Islamist are "winning" in Deir el Zor  according to terror tweets .  
 yeah, obviously that's why they cicked him out. 


Let me start it before the media does. Will Nick Saban Be Fired? 


This weather sure doesn't put a damper on any plans I may have had... 


Yeah since you're the expert and you're so perfect, please tell me what to do. 


our math teacher always says  will come for us  :))


Packers have one of the worst run D's yet Roman decides to pass for most of the game. Yep he's a genius! 


It is just NOT cold enough in  tonight!   :-\


I love when everybody ignores me, I feel special :')  Jensen Ackles 
Supernatural  



It appears  are playing in Blackburn today.   Really haven't seen enough tweets of People drinking on trains.

  


Tis the season for amazing Elf on a Shelf and Elf yourself pics! Im so excited I might just have to stay off FB for 22 1/2 days. 


$AAPL down 2.5% today. Time for  to stop celebrating $HLF win &amp; tell Tim Cook that it's time to go have dinner again? 


To the girls in the bathroom: Your selfies are so unique and fabulous.   


When will the dvd of this match be available to purchase? It's definitely been a classic, that I'd love to watch over &amp; over.  


 WAIT! HOLD ON! *Grabs a stick* I'll get that thing off of... Oh. That's just your avatar. Sorry. 


Well I gotta work concessions tonight and I can tell that will just be a blast..


   Sure, it says "has-been bands and ex? druggies" make really 'smart' decisions.   


Night full of let downs,  makes me feel so appreciated... 


Bring it .. Hope in 2016 It would be so much nicer to have an outdoor stadium and spend 4 hours in 20 degree temp 


 yay! Less money in an already thin wallet 


S/O to all the guys who wear  t-shirts. You guys are definitely setting the bar. They DO make you look tough  


Xmas shopping is my favourite. Stress free. I love spreading the Christmas cheer! 


I love how the homework matches the book which matches the class which matches the tests in chemistry  


Those random coughing attacks in the middle of the night&gt;&gt;&gt;  


Can't y'all tell I'm having a lovely day    cool how you treat me like this now when I use to mean so much to you. When we were suppose to be "best friends"  


Wow, I'm glad  makes products that last.   what a loss  But the guys I mentioned are the ones I feel SHOULD be tendered. Jones too, if he can rebound


My family just got mad at me because I jokingly said I was being a failure when asked what I've been doing lately. 


Well now that I wasted like a whole half a week and all of today because I thought I worked I feel Fuckin greeeeat 


Don't you hate it when you finally are allowed to sleep and then you can't?   


I would not be able to remember the reason for the season, if it were not for all the people reminding me. 


    you.. Do I seriously need to put  here???TE LA BAJARON


if you insult me in anyway I will probably agree! 


I love when people dont watch where they are going! 


 Update on TNA's arena atmosphere without Hulk Hogan    cant afford balloons  I want a personal computer, so I can yell at strangers over the internet. 


Oh Nashville...Get your bread,eggs and milk!!! We're all gonna die! There might be 1/2 inch of snow and ice!!    


" You got a 4.0? Congrats!! So happy for you. I was dying to know your GPA!! Keep me updated people!! 

LOLOLOL!!


[Because having 45 Muslims on an Assembly isn't enough to represent the interests of "Islam"...whatever that means] ( 


Help! Lover cooked 1 (one) dish and run 4(four) errands: he is now having a minor tantrum! So hard to do house things! 


Looks like the French teacher changed the test to a quiz...   


Yes because cameras were integrated into mobile technology to ensure that whenever you had an urge to take a selfie, you could 


 after christmas with my.... Wonderful family 


Del zotto on the trade block. It'd be a shame if the wild at least put in an offer.   


Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit. I find sarcastic tweets hmmm   


I've never met a Neandethal. Clearly the theory of evolution is wrong.  


 I want one! I wanna be trendy! I love google! 


Please Internet, DO tell me more about  getting a star on the Walk of Fame 


So far today Ive watched two movies and had Yearbook.   


This day just keeps getting better and better. -_- 


 this was suppose to go on my last tweet 


I'm so glad people my age or younger already know who they're going to spend the rest of their life with. 


    Yeah  You may have day dreamed about me suckming your dick.


So r tm put this movie on the bus I've never heard of called  Wonder if ne female athletes would like it? 


Brad Jones putting on a tackling display.  


 shut up you don't know what a hazard tilt is hahahaha 


Sales training this morning with the provisional wing of our marketing department  


lol you dont like me because i had a conflict with one of your friends. . . that doesnt sound dumb at all   


Photo: yeah coz ross really needs more followers   love when people pretend they don't have feelings 


I really can't deal with Belle's naughty librarian wardrobe. And now she's sharing it with Ariel? Awesome!  


   yes. We're very closed minded. We only talk to people who agree with us. 


I love doing so much for people and then it goes unappreciated and then they make you out to be the villain so much fun :-) 


God, cos I was in that pile for sooooooooooooo long 


SEVENTH PAGE OF THIS ESSAY HERE I COME         


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


 when  is lost on some people re: last tweet  o_0


Hate when people say they are going to do one thing and do the opposite 


Done" Hiya Mz  I'm ff u nd it would be nice getting a ff baq frm u. 


You're doing a great job in net tonight cory  


    yeah, seems like a colossal waste, doesnt it? 


Man, this severe weather we were supposed to get is real severe right now. 


 not real school?? What do you call getting up at ten every morning and doing school for two whole hours?!?! 


  But you just described America. Oh wait...I get it.  


Guys really do have a super fun habit of keeping open Comms with their exes.  


I LOVE rumors, coz I get to find out things that I never knew about myself !! SO AMAZING.... 


Over slept, forgot a paper, forgot moisturizer, going to be late for work. Today is starting out great.  


Let's look down on people with different beliefs!!!!! Yaaaaaay!!!!!!!! 


Two exams left to do and to celebrate I get to go to dads. The joys 


Does anyone know the Latest on Aaron Rodgers? I literally haven't heard anything about it for weeks!!  


While I wile away the hours
more rain down on me
it's an avalanche I swear
life has it in for me.
 


My tweets:            &amp; yes I'm human!


  OMG this has never been done before! 


" were 763 points scored Sunday, the most in NFL history."Just imagine if the Giants &amp;Texans had played.


my favourite part about walking in the student center is when the person in front of you completely stops  


World is not full of assholes, but they are so strategically placed that you come across one every day.



Ducks look really motivated to win this game 


"My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."  And sometimes it's not funny anymore!


 is so multi talented! Sing and dancing!    


As my life progresses it gets even more perfect    


 Yes dear, I know that. That was sarcasm. 


Y'all...you're gonna have to please just stop flooding my phone with all these Happy New Year texts!! It's crazy! 


I just love how my phone favorites things without me knowing   


I traded someone who cares about me for people who don't. I pick greeeaaat friends. 


  So profit margins will be lower? What a shame   All helps the case for single payer; insur co's are the enemy


twerkinn time..hold on im sleep from doing so much today  


Chance of us getting hit? Ehh I just don't see it.   wait for that christmas music on the radio all day everyday!!!  


 I think somewhere along her path as hyphen she has been misled by their innocent face and now reality smack in her face 


Mitchell Johnson's bowling well, only going for 5 an over in a test match.  


I can't wait for the family Christmas party tomorrow. 100+ estranged cousins from 9 sisters in a small room. 


 UNC finished with 24 offensive rebounds and 17 second-chance points. Along with 100 turnovers.........


Hey did you all hear there is no school Monday! 


i can't cope up with my "too" fast internet. it's like i'm being left behind 


"THIS BOOK IS FULL OF KNOWLEDGE" - on her psych 101 textbook, especially the chapters about the scientific method 


 Bruins aren't good the Rangers just suck, right? Yup 


The crowd are going fucking wild at Children In Need rocks 


Anaconda is Jon Voight's greatest triumph.     


Press conf recap: "So, Pres Obama: you suck. Which part of your general suckiness troubles you most?" Nice job, WH Press Corps. 


Please just continue to ignore my texts I love it and it's my favorite thing you do -_-  


Girl:Why didnt the SKELETON come to the Party?  Boy: Because he had no BODY to Come with. 


 Haha nah he's sexy still. 

What's there to hate


 WHAT?  is Gay?! NO! Really?!     
You didn't have to, but glad you did!  &amp; 


He's still riding Season 1 glory.. Yay!   


EXO WILL WIN


 Harry Styles 
 One Direction


A 8:00 flight and im up at 12:46 in the morning... 


Have I ever mentioned how much I love being a working adult   


So the  team had reporters intimidating  at Radel presser tonight. Very classy y'all 


Yay I get to spend half the day w Rudy tomorrow 


I dare someone to wake me up in the morning 


Pulling an all nighter for two finals tomorrow! Yay! 


I left home at 7am. I arrive back home at 10pm. My family is pleased...  


I can't even sleep I'm that excited for work in the morning.. 


Oh darn, it snowed the 1 free day I have to rake the leaves.  


 Clearly, it's their fault that he used coke. He's also not responsible for the lewd comments he made. They should pay!! 


Smh RT   Wow you're so badass  " I'm 17 and the movie is 18 and above, hahahahaha m95raaa 


   but those deals worked out fine.  


Lols.... "Great"  RT  1. What is the name of Man United's current great manager? 


Oh yes stomach, nausea was just what I wanted at 2:00 am. I didn't want sleep. Writhing around in pain is sooooooooooo much better. 


I believe in loving my neighbors, unless they tell me "Happy Holidays" instead of "Merry Christmas".  


I am shocked Hall and Yakupov did not make their respective teams!   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


You apologise &amp;go right back to being an ass? Wow you must have really meant it when you said you're sorry :O 


 apparently, DD and Briere are more deserving of ice time.     


I have to say, my week is just getting better and better by the second....!  


 we are beating then in pass yards...  


"  love how you keep giving yourself pep talks!"&gt; 


I'm so glad I get to work Christmas Eve, Christmas, and New Years. 


Today is already off to a great start  


Yeah , talk down to me. That will make my day sunshiny and sparkly.  


 I could totally see the West Bend Insurance Silver Lining Arena  out on Paradise Dr 


 thank you for the Microsoft add I can't click out of to get to my FF page! That's just what I wanted!  


Can't wait to have 800 conversations about the weather tonight you guys 


They are just sticker dumping Lebron James because they know he's leaving UD.    


Just loving English at the moment yeah keep loadin on the essays sure  


She is from New Orleans...so after Coney Island flopped Erik decided to try his luck in the South? NEW HEADCANON  


Oh boy...Judge says NSA phone program likely unconstitutional  via    


 roughing the passer? Detroit? Unheard of!! 


Wow. that made this week 26838263822x times greater 


 Very good defenses!  
 &amp;  actually r injured teams&amp;NoFun there!
But I love "DenverChokes" 


 You're killin me dude. Better remember ur  hash bud, sum ppl will run w that!!


Let's see if tomorrow can be as awesome as today.  


Well... I will be spending next weekend soldering this tiny IC (ATTINY 45-20X) to 100 PCBs.    salty that the past few days I been ready to go to sleep at 8 o'clock..  


 oh darn. Lakers lost and Suns won   


Everyone else that goes to MDC is enjoying their last day of sleeping in... Me? I just love coming to practice 


Sitting at the dentist for the past 2 hours. Can't y'all see How excited I am.     reading a book. LOL, He DOES seem serious 


I consulted with my boss &amp; we agreed on a  day tomorrow... 
 
 



I had a dream about zombie. I've missed my apocalyptic dreams. 


S/o to   for bringing another kid in this world for Barbra to watch and take care of     


 I said just add pregnant before the first two titles! I'm only 24 weeks-.-  


 key ingredient that one, well spotted!! 


  "Predict trouble?"That's dynamite holding a match. That IS trouble. Why don't we ban sex,it's icky,right? 


Time to set up the christmas tree with the little sister! Such an exciting saturday night ..


Apparently I'm sarcastic and rude. Pfft! What!? Me! No! Never!  That's crazy. 


.  more of a slogan that's been recycled waaay too much! *sigh* Or maybe if it were Patronage Starts Here. 


      We wanna sleep
armeroadrian  is so bad "losing" records are losing records but Hey kids fire the Coach guarantee the next regime under Jerry will fix all 


it looks like it's a good morning for everyone else too 


Telling people to kill themselves and to die is so manly and kind of you. You're going to go far in life 


  calling me a bitch for no reason is nice ? Wooah my B 


 That guy on the right looks really lame though. What a ponce. 


My phone is blowing up... seriously, stop texting me people....   lolol


"What the farthest you have gone?" Well I went to Arizona once.   


  hey that's just good coaching  


 LOLOLOLOLOL  Anyways , did you join James and Anton and the others in that LOL thingy ? :)


Stores need to open on Wednesday at 8 because there is never enough Friday  


I hate when people don't understand my  they ruin everything..


 you are crazy to think physical mobility leads to social mobility.  Crazy I tell ya!  nice article. 


Awesome. This shit just has impeccable timing 


" I love how you take your damn sweet time to reply back  


 Oh yeah thats totally nomal! Dont worry about it!  Lol 


It's clear the lions and packers have a lot of love for each other 


  come on!  Dont tell the truth. u should lie to the ppl and tell them it will be ok.  


 shouldve made it say your love and sarcasm anchors my soul but it didnt flow as nicely   


  weren't you up for the lead in 50 Shades or maybe even The Notebook 


Yodsaenkli wins Thai Fight.... Didn't see that one coming 


So,  is pretty okay. She's worse than almost everyone, though.   


good god ive done it u guys ive found the most modest guy on earth 


 That 'novelty' will wear off too  


I may start carring this sign with me all the time!      love seeing poor quality video snippets of the JT concert on Instagram. 


 what? News Corp taking old info and using it to have a shot? Hard to believe 


I must say, that was probably one of the most awkward things to happen all year. Thanks Carrie 


My grandpa just said he could tell i really tried on my hair today  


Only 8 months, 2 weeks and 3 days until I'm 17 ;)  


 I'm sure you're gonna be well rested and prepared for it   


oh, goody. a new twitter app update with "swipes." 


Aah!The Joys of modern      God it's 6 AM and I haven't had 1 minute of sleep.. This final should be fun. 


Yeah it's totally cool that I can't sleep, I don't have to get up in 5 hours or have an 8 work shift or anything.  


Truly gutted Walcott will miss the world cup! He is easily England's best player!  


Carlyle says that the Leafs lacked in energy last night, putting in Mark Fraser will definitely help that  


  thanks for answering my question before splitting for the evening. 


Just love when the stray cats bring me "gifts"   of today's fun at Cabella's. I don't think Shiloh had a very good time...    American Athletic Conference is obviously terrible. Shouldn't even have a seat at the playoff table based on tonight 


If life gives you melons you may be dyslexic.    


 Don't make fun of me! I can be whoever I want to be.. 


The awkward moment when Sophia's friends have flashbacks of pool parties with her. "Sb log krte hain"   


Droped a 5 pound weight on my big toe  today that felt really good!!   


  Man, that was so genius to pick Jersey to have the Super Bowl. The most important game of the season. 


 you just keep getting better and better don't you  


I wonder who Scotland have been voting for?!  


 think you spelt your second name wrong in your twitter name. 


 that makes me feel much better thanks  and you wanted it you called me out for a fight in ya drunken state lol


No Cav or other sprinters on  Well done  .Very spectacular.  -  via 


 One have to love Florida just like Louisiana they know how to keep it classy!  


Sorry 'bout that streak.      


 
Those  you rammed through really saved lives didn't they?  


Great costume design for the martians.  


is If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches? 


"Only an act of true love can melt a frozen heart" Yea sure,and to find true love it might take forever..stay frozen till then! 


Thank you to  for this AMAZING school production of The Lion King   American Idol coming back? I can't tell from watching this football game.  Singing competitions are not a sport.


   No, we can *promote* our way out of car-dependency! Just need to pay Mikael enough dough. 


by a "licensed medical marijuana provider" no less, afterall butane hash oil is obvious medicine    


Soo glad the weather is gorgeous in Prestatyn, when we go away    My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


I've never been a guys WCW. And when I am a WCW it's my friends putting the most disgusting pictures to ruin my life.  


Vinny and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      Twitterless Redhead's Christmas gift...    love getting yelled at by coaches before practice then doing the practice hurt. Don't know how I ever lived w/o.  


Most uneventful NYE ever...Nothing like spending it home alone by yourself. Im going to bed. Great start to my new yr.



  from any of my tweets have I directly stated that you're annoying? No! Ahah, I'm just sooo funny 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


that really has just made my day so much better finding that.... 


Awwww,  have unblocked me. I knew you would miss me. :-P 


Watching the great brittish bake off, by myself, at half past one on a Saturday night. Man I know how to party! 


Roses are red Violets are blue I'm sarcastic Oh, u think u are too? (I'm suuuure u are. Probably hysterical also)  


 lead  31-14--becoming convinced only thing that can keep DET in it Josh Smith continuing to cast-off long jumpers 


 but Brown is so much better. It has nothing to do with the line, Richardson is just awful.  


I love when my girlfriend reads my text and doesn't reply! 


The old fairy tale of Princess and the Prince revisited  for     


Also, having a boyfriend in high school when youre in college is actually really fun.  


Really thankful for those bike lanes on a day like this   


LOOL  LOOL" E no good to laugh person cos them win am. Dem dey win everybody.Guys  dey drop 2morO 6:25PM


Came through my door to find this. I guess that explains the doormat situation. Very mature    to wake up for work in the morning &amp; not being able to sleep, is the best combination ever  


Re: Michael Gove on the First World War - Yes, yes! Thank heavens the British Empire was there to stop elites bent on domination! 


Just let them be :)        absolutely love how I always die in my fucking dreams...  


 just said he wanted to win the Heisman, don't you need to play football first?   Help 


Being locked out of my house so that I can't get my keys or clothes to get to work has really made my day great   


 have not done ipad yet. Will see how phone goes.  still on 4s so if major problem can always upgrade I guess 


 "why fall in love when you can fall asleep?"


. You mean reducing taxes doesn't actually increase my revenue, only my profit? I don't understand?!?  


Going to bed, now. Good night everyone, guess I can go to bed happy now? 


  It's sarcasm without the  hashtag - 99.44% sure


The Bengals game sold out? WOW who'd have ever thought that would happen.

If you bought tickets in fear, you're part of the problem


The one time I'm supposed make  I burn it and they look like     I think I've gotten  raging case of tonsillitis...It's gunna be a great week! 


Oh yea this breaks gunna be a fuckkin riot   


why do something new when you could do the same thing 


Global warming is really hitting us all hard today...... 


  &lt;~3rd person that agrees with me (I'm positive there are more). I'm sure they're incredibly concerned  


 proving your smarts over and over again tonight 


Is it just me or has  also aroused an  desire for Bunnies for you guys too?     relationship = rainbows and butterflies, white horses, candy coated roads, fun and never sad 


Because this isn't annoying. Nope, not at all.   to memorize some state capitals!    


  He has a point, celebrating Christmas, at Christmas time? What were they thinking.



I just love how lorenzo acts as if I don't exist . 


Even tho i h8 the concept of   will be the only day it's exceptional. 


I feel the need to use  just in case it didn't come out right. I am not a master of sarcasm and I admit it. 


Gauhar is always right. God forbid if she is ever in the wrong. And when she is wrong, she always twists the truth.  


 Seems like it could be a lot better, haha. 


 Hmm...can't imagine why Microsoft jumped on that train......




Bad call in favor of the Pats. Never seen that before. 


wow im going to a temp hop tommorrow sooo exicted yayy! 


Ohh how I just love when my homies date my ex's (': cutest shit ever!!  


Wait, Duck Dynasty is a TV show?! And here I always though people were referring to Oregon these last several years!  


Wait...States have their own rights?  And not all the States are supposed to be exactly alike? 


I'm glad I have a tv that works and games to play. 


Today my texts are being read so wrong.  I was only being sarcastic  you know me well enough now to get my humour 


I'm going to sell all my possessions, tools, etc. apart from my truck, so I can become a crack-dealer in Toronto.  &amp; 


Quick rewrite on  this week... not noticeable at all. 


Omg. Gaga smoked weed?!??! Weed?!?!??! Get out of town. 


Lillard misses his last two. He's cold.  


47 Ronin bombed at the box office? That's surprising. 


 every girl's dream is to have a guy mas. while thinkin of her
thank you for that disturbing compliment, nxt time keep it to urself


Merry Christmas to all! Working at AMC Eastridge 15 from 8AM-4PM! What a great way to start the day.  HAHA! 


Also one wonders if one hangs around long enough wwhether education will become a social evil 


Stuffy nose and bloated. Best feeling ever. 


Thank God the Rave has $9 Budweisers to get me through this. 


"  : NEWS! Klaine are gay! I'm in shock!  Kurt/blaine   Surely a big news to us...


Look at us, getting along and shit. This league really brings out the best in people 


Yeah turn your music up where I can hear it in my room and wakes me up. Totally not mad. 


 of coursed he's earned another start. 2 TD drives in two games not starting from the red-zone. Championship! 


Wait.Govt uses Hadoop? Netezza? NO WAY! - The Google Clones That Power NSA Surveillance -  


Friend of the year award goes to you. Lol  


Congrats  you've made it! Opening  The city of  and the rest of Canada is so proud of you.  


  that's why I use DirecTV. Time Warner are racist. 


Did anyone important die on The Walking Dead tonight? I couldn't tell by all the tweets.  


Thanks for the goddamn bloody nose,  After I write your assignment so you can go out with Jane. Really appreciate it. 


Ooh love revising chemical kinetics equations they me faves 


So I've got basketball on my birthday. Couldn't be happier about it 


Also the little ADHD boy child in front of me is SO much fun 


   woo so excited to see all of you 


 Guess I'm not the only one then. Also, in high anticipation of the vast amount of snow we're about to encounter 


I love my love ass drive to work so much why wouldn't I want to drive even farther to teach things that should already be known? 


Mom made me watch  with her tonight... what an exciting life I live. 


Cassano's 100th serie A goal was nothing special    


 Sigh. Aren't we all glad that people just so pleasant on the internet? 


I'm sorry I dint wait thats my bad I should've waited till you decided it was right    


 I had to clean up some shit today at work -_-   


The "Santa Claus" in cabelas is very good at acting. 


Oh no my life is meaningless because this crazy bitch doesn't like me I think I just might die because you don't approve of me 


Happy new year  my favourite person in the world 


 Everyone loves the tie breaker rules!  


 Some obviously great halftime adjustments. Coaching staff really stepping up today. 


" " Quote dis w ur best dickpic   U know me 2 well...


 So they waited until now to even entertain the idea of going after pitching? Brilliant 


 loads of people have in fact everyone has right to their doorstep Kev some next door some right outside 
 :))


If you get seriously offended if I call you freak or nerd sarcastically   


Looks like I'll probably have at least 3 email addresses an 2 laptops after the new year. How exciting does life sound? 


Market Analyst Is Looking at Something He Says Should Be Causing Panic Aplenty  this sounds great 


Hahhah Altaf releases 'FalsafaEMohabbat!' Will portray altaf's relationship with his beloved Karachiites



 Why do attractive girls always have to have a boyfriend...? but I don't have a boyfriend... Lol  


Saying "Hanover's Finest" while walking past an evident stoner &gt;  


Everyone's really loving one acts right about now. 


 yes, because there are internment camps for muslims in the USA.   


S/o to all my "friends" who texted me to make sure I was still alive.  


  but he had to somehow figure out which ones to take on board, right ;)    


 you're really doing well with this whole "customer service" when you've also ignored my tweet!!  


Complaining to  is my favorite past time  


Dutch hearts sweeties. Could they be any more romantic?      the most important thing about a girl is the shape of her eyebrows... Right? 


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not." Sarcasmistic


 you pay the extra for the innovation, design and creativity in call of duty though. Not to mention cutting edge tech.. 


Connar, Shelby, Tyler and I sound so much better on these when its just us with no music... 
 
We're pretty good, though 


Work until 2 and then some legal stuff to help mom out. Fun. 


 oops it's the same MP.. Still a great time for breaking news late night Saturday! 


Oooh, it MIGHT get up to 20 degrees today. That is just so great!  


  Must be hurt from that vicious board by Tarasenko. 


"I feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here." - Stephen Bishop 


Don't hold back coach, tell me how you really feel.  


Well my clutch only cost 1,000 dollars...  


pub was opened late tonight, which means walking home alone, how will i survive? 


Not everyone had to talk to me at once...geezzzz 


  she sent a single letter to Toronto hydro after July 8. Isnt that enough? 


No.The damage caused by the blizzard was catastrophic.   RT " Lamest "weather event" ever?  I green with envy? NO I'm red with fuckin pissed off.    


Awesome. Julia is going to kiss some other dude. I'm so excited to watch.  


Well  and  have made history with "Timber". Why? See  by    Carolina must be happy that they barely beat an unranked team with a 3rd string quarterback  


 or    Laughs, tears, and truth.                      


My favorite thing, is when I have no one to text... I love it!! 


and where is the concern over Home Depot or Lowe's being open on Memorial Day ... 


-Finally I get some extra hours at work and sure enough I contract a stomach virus. How Fucking awesome is that? 
 


 Oh I'm sure they'll lose a draft pick. Goodell is NOTHING if not consistent. 


Great hustle defense... way to play through the whistle... good coaching trestman...  


"a man's love is wider, larger, more human that a woman's", sure it is..  


 you win! I did it because the same people defending gays = terrorists shed crocodile tears over it. Feel better? 


Remember  fans... Tajh Boyd doesn't fit in to play QB. Can you all believe that  offered this kid? 


My mum making me work on christmas eve err ...    


Well... In Abu Dhabi, about to board to head out to Oz. This wasn't stressful at all. 


Woo hoo it only took you 4 years for a 2 year associates degree   


So now I'm still awake. What super happiness!.....
  IHateMyLifeRightNow


Well this is probably the most exciting birthday I've ever had! 


Cool, now we get to have that annoying conversation about lunch..."I don't know. What do you want?"    


  I don't understand infidels, Islam teaches this and the great profit Mohamed did so. Intolerant? 


im SO happy that i have a ton of friends to come home to &amp; hang out with.  


That's all folks. I'm never going to be sarcastic ever again.   


Thank you  for giving your customers the the fastest mobile internet speed in the world! Amazing!!!   down free Justin Timberlake tickets from work. I'm shocked that an agricultural business is struggling finding takers. 


 Ohhh yeahhh that's where alllllll the cool people went.  


wow so sun.fm is live a ThornHill school isn't that amazing. 


I wonder how that Ohio State vs. Michigan game is going... 


Going back to school on your birthday is probably the best present ever...  


Thanks for the black piece of whatever it was when I opened my   


The "best" person to take over  is Andrew Sells, house-builder and 113K Tory party doner  


Well it's officially winterpeg Slippery roads and transit problems plague the city. But at least the holidays won't affect anything 


 Somebody has to do it because I'm just a stupid deadbeat man whose opinion doesn't matter because I'm a stupid man. 


I don't know why people think there's racism against Obama   no, it's also about losing Dubi. At least we got rid of that no-heart Gaborik for a true grinder like Dorsett. 


Nothing like a good blood test to get your morning going....    to get water to all the chickens despite the freezing temps. Can't wait for 10 degrees tomorrow.  


Damnit. After reading all your tweets I wish I could be just like you....  


 you already have the love! Like if they shout you out everyone's gonna be like,"wow, didn't know that about Hommel" 


    oh brother. You offensive guys kill me. Yeah the game Is geared to gel defenses 


Love my brother so much! We are so attractive.   another sunday night were I get no sleep before work.  


Cuz if you think I'm serious in most of my tweets you need a reality check    


11 hours to download iMovie. This download thing is really great. 


Perks of dating me: I hardcore smell like popcorn when I get off work.   


Nearly 2014. Nearly my birthday. Oh good. A reminder I'm a year older. Woo hoo..... 


Nothing like a good old windows update while I was making dinner to remove everything I had open 


WOW, THANKS, TARGET!  Bc 10 cents off a dollar is going to make up for EVERYTHING!  Lets just forget it ever happened! 


Well, this day is off to a great start...  


Sisters engagment party tomorrow but I have to come home early to look after my little sister! Yay can't wait 


 To the dude that sat a table over, thank you for smelling AMAZING      


I took that 20 min nap and now I'm wide awake!  


 it'll be hard to do anything but have fun. Such a joyous place, full of lovely, polite and kind customers 


 who wouldn't  lol hope they can it soon!! 


Nothing better than listening to loud Turkish gibberish through the wall as I'm lying in bed trying to sleep 


Oh good. Sickness. Because I totally have time and the extra money to take off work for this.   


Oh thats great news on Pulis. What a wonderful era of amazing football coming up. I cant wait  


So the things people post on twitter can be completely fake? Anyone can make things up to get weird internet publicity? Wow. 


I should probably cut down on the  . .... but then. .. I'd have to be serious. ...


coming home from work and seeing that little kids made your room into WW3.  


  yeah,  has a bit to do with the music for  . Just a smidge. 


Commercial break.. Gotta google  suit! Ha!  


Poor Phil Robertson - Justin Martyr 

Seriously, if we live to see the church marked by true suffering, well wish for these days.


 Haaa  Just grated cheese in my drink. SIGH.


Definitely stoked about the party options I had tonight 


 Nice planning. Congrats.  Glad I can cross border shop for BETTER deals. 


 way to support Dads!  Keep up the good work!    


I love when boys tweet about football &amp; I totally understand how the game works.   


i love it when someone texts me and then doesnt keep the convo going..  


 you are fat  Am I using twitter correctly yet? Show some respect for someone we all like a thousand times more than you


Thanks  and  I've lost all my single player memory. So glad I paid for this game. 


&amp; you wonder why I ignore you, you don't bother to talk to me either way .  


 no no he won that fight, it's all good 


" I love Mr. Durrill the way he teaches is so understandable."




I like how all of the sudden everyone is a god damn meteorologist on every social networking site. 


 dude the heats past is just much better, accept the fact 


I love it when people ignore my text messages 


Wow what a perfect day for our snow blower to break   


Absolutely LOVE being the only person at a dissertation workshop 


I'm glad that my prof is taking to time to read 2 pages of the assigned text to us. 


 having been a soldier and now a police officer I totally understand how Kanye West can relate to the dangers in my life 


 can't wait for y'all to deliver it so Niter can install it .   


Raunchy African American Comedies? Really  

That totallllly isn't offensive at all.   brother is always saying the nicest things to me. 


Was having some dirty sex when Tammy called and was so excited I came early  


  That's what I'm looking forward to at my store 


Boy, firing George Karl and letting Andre Iguodala walk is looking like such a great idea  


Cause there were definitely no holds on that play  


 yeah.. in kejriwal jokepal CBI will be independent agency &amp; complaining person will be given protection.



I'm going to clean up my iTunes, because its not like I have anything important to do 


3.7 mile run done now a PT session. This may come as a surprise to some, but I am also starving. So unlike me. 


Still think there needs to be a universal symbol for  that can be used in tweets. Sometimes it's not clear.


Astros loaded again in Bowman Platinum? where is the outrage in that?? Seriously.   :-)


No,they were written BEFORE the trial. &lt;-  


5:30 on a freaking Saturday morning. So glad both my kids are wide awake. 


A few hundred quid on tyres is an ideal start to Christmas week! 


 BTW I wanted to apologize if my baby pic caused you to want to have a baby.



Tonight it just a wonderful night. Isn't it?  


Yay! Cold AND wet. I love winter  and mornings!


 can you do a  unboxing? I cant seam to find one anywhere on the internet. 


 on OSU left the field showing all the class in the world.   


Perfect way to round off the Christmas week with a weekend of work.... 


I forgot that today was 11/12/2013, so I figured I'd post about it. I doubt anyone else has 


   Good thing humans can't impact the environment and air quality? 


" Love that I gotta work tonight " me too. 


Can't wait to shovel the driveway when I get home and again later tonight and again in the morning!!!! 


 does the usual great job with ratio of cars to passengers  


 Hands up! I am an expert!  
But srsly BEST OF LUCK!!!!


I must be following a shit load of people who think they are espn damn guys thanks I don't need to watch the game now 


    yeah, Cuz NOBODY has EVERY lost a high pay job only to be stuck working McJobs for shit pay. 


 so we are still planning to deploy  in 2014?  that's some brilliant vision 


 Why did you change the thing we all loved and you love to do for free?  (I like the new look)


  maybe with all his athletic ability everyone raves about, they could use him at tight end.  


 Please shoot more fadeaway jumpers because you are SO GOOD at doing that  


My leg is killing me today, and the pain meds are now making me sick. Well, This is fun...   


 when will cano be presented by the mets? 


My shooting tonight was the best I ever done!   


These may be the best officials I've ever seen.  


also, thanks baylor for capturing my best moments.      AQ that One Direction shirt is gonna hurt your street cred 


Being ignored is probably the best feeling! 


Hilarious piece: Spare A Thought For 1000s Of Sex Tourists Caught In The Philippines      


Can't wait to work Christmas Day me yay   


It's always comforting knowing that when or if I wake up in the middle of the night your not there.  


Woo Hoo, can't wait! Hot Cross Buns should be in Supermarkets late this week, or maybe next   


If the whole  was land, there did be more smart people! 


Playing with my hair is the fastest way to my heart. I'm so high maintenance. 


This new years will be just wonderful!
 


  HAHAHAHA! Yes bring back Zandig, you are too smart Gary. 


Nothing says serious musical talent like a band having the  at Macy's.  NOT. 


 by the way  isn't being benched he's being PROTECTED 


 awesome images of Matt stafford sitting on the bench. Keep looking at those pictures Matt. That will help 


Sarcasm is Part of My Charm!     


Jewelry commercials are incredibly insulting to women.True, all we want in life is a diamond. 


So, Alain Rolland is refereeing one match at the 6 Nations... Which match? Oh, yeah Wales Vs France.  


Word up. Shout out to  for being time magazine's man of the yr. He beat Miley??? 


 thank you so much Ashley for being there  


still haven't even attempted to talked to me. surprise surprise.   


 Forgot to thank you for starting The Mentalist a whole 14 minutes earlier this week than last. 


Oh yay, it's elf on the shelf time on pinterest. I hope I am containing my excitement.  


"  to bring such justice in this country that the world will give examples of your Pakistan. My Pakistan!"  


oh no I don't care about my grades, don't worry. 


This Britney documentary is really, like, insightful y'all 


 No!  I am shocked that that would happen.  


 you use    so often I figured I'd add the space...just to watch you freak out a little :P


It's a  it's a  no wait it is a   was in my eyes.     a great way to start the week with a loss &amp; now back to school after our mini bye week as well. 


 You mean you didn't get an iPad? How did you live?! 


Oh why hello there! Another encouraging, captivating and motivational AD     many commercials. It's so annoying. I'm just trying to watch a show here.. Don't worry about me.. 


Watch out guys. There's a 6-year old kissing hands. Good thing he got suspended. No need for that in elementary school.  


 yall should cancel work Its too cold to do anything  


2013 kbs gayo daejun now, while I'm watching this. YAY.   part of the lucky 9% without power still, what joy  


This storm is completly awful....glad I stocked up on Milk and Bread for this Ice Storm 


 wow totally didn't see that one coming. O thought it would be nominated for an Oscar. 


Love it when the barrel gets empty on the taps at work and I get covered in strongbow. Best thing ever. 


"Cintailah manusia itu apa adanya dia. Dan bkn ada apanya dia" - tak paham? 


 I'm sorry J, I'm just crazy in love with you 


 use like I think you should like give them a chance. Ummm they may have something like you know smart to say 


Wait....the VS fashion show was on tonight? No fucking way!?! I had no idea!  


   experts are always who they say they are and should never be questioned. 


 Thank you for following, we are looking forward to your tweets.     


Had a great time with my family at the restaurant 


Owelll.... the joys of lack of competition and regulations.. yay! 


I'm glad we hold our public officials to such a high standard 


Thanks for your enthusiasm (not?!) when suggested to hubs "How about browsing the  b4 going to see the  


 good to know I made such an impression 


.  Brazil must be shitting themselves 


Forgot  RT Earl Wolff is active, which could mean we don't see as much Patrick Chung.  I know everybody wants to see Chung


Yeah it's my fault that you can't get Chinese cause I don't want to get dressed and you already are   


Burning 4 new mixed CDs for the drive home tomorrow and because I don't have enough in my car already  


The joyous and happy people at the outlets 5 days after Christmas.... 


Soar throat right before prom... Great..  


Do  odd, 37, 41, and 43. They shouldn't take much time.   a pic of your child with a person smoking a joint in back ground an post it on FB  


  is that like, NFL had a little bit of conscious re recent low ball settlement on concussions?! 


You are so cool, I wish I could make amazing life choices like you! 


 Whaaaat! The Internet is not about learning and information retention! 


So I take it by all the tweets Catching Fire was just terrible 


This whole downstairs neighbour thing is gunna get old real fast! Keep slamming your doors, i love it!  


Oh,another shooting in an american school? Color me surprised! 


Thanks  I loved my 9 hour stay of bewilderment at Jeddah Airport. And I absolutely LOVE being late for a show.  


 - Oh, of course... that's EXACTLY how it reads.  ;)


 yeah, 10% acceptance rate for the music school... that should go well 


 but i thought hollywood was just wall street for prettier people? or wait, dc? either way, greed is good right? 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Shout out to the guy going 25mph on 94 this morning. You really make the already crappy traffic situation so much better. 


Got to love that Browns DC Norton decides to reverse trend. Give up lead at half, not end of game!!  Back to DVR 4 2nd half!


Highlight of my day so far? Finding gloves rather than mittens to type in at work.   


People always mistake my "wows" as compliments...  


Woohoo it's almost time to check my school email every morning hoping that a class will get cancelled    


I love sleeping alone best part of my night...   


I'm the selfish one cause I want to have sex once a month?  Damn how dare I 


 what does the fox say, you guys should do a remix!  


fandiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii lions xii coach!   no high expectations to live up to at all, eh?  but in a good, excited way


Tomorrow is officially the most depressing day of the year.... enjoy  


But seriously, idk about you guys but I thought Vandy was super classy as they left the field tonight.  


Does anyone know any good football games on today??  


  I know we were in the big east. I was poking fun at the sec and  


Quite the defensive showdown in Indy tonight
  


So glad I got to spend so much time with  over break....oh wait...that didn't happen   


My thoughts towards today's class: Didn't read. Don't care. Women's rights-yay.   


You know what's the best thing ever in the world? When you've had a headache for 5 hours and the Tylenol isn't helping. 


There's nothing better then a cats arse in you face first thing on a morning!  


 yeah good thing, I don't know what I'd do next in life if she hadn't. 


Katie P and John M watching themselves on GMA. This is the best tv EVER.   those card fans on your timeline are just rubbing in another belk bowl trip in our faces. Pwnd  


Going for a run in this frigid weather sounds absolutely delightful.  


I shed a tear every time I have to block stupidity. 


 yeah nah that's creepy and I am defs not a creepy person.  


Please stomp around your room A LITTLE LOUDER.  ITS NOT LIKE ANYONE LIVES BELOW YOU OR ANYTHING.  


I just love how you never text me. Even when you're not doing anything. 


Bang up job by the Chicago plow crews this morning. 


After snow this wknd in southern Ontario, big cold once again, strong winds &amp; snow squalls   


Is it true that if you complain on twitter about your relationship problems they will magically get solved?! 


 lol
 2day i think it was used 2 remind me of what i shld already knw. My son has learnt  Not from me though!


BREAKING NEWS: Ivanovic came off after hearing Suarez hasn't had any thing to eat today!


 what?! Shes Americas sweetheart though!!!   


Good work on that riveting piece E! News, it was a really deep and insightful commentary on the state of today's popular culture 


 Compared to Kay Jewelers? Jared speaks to me &amp; my out-of-touch inner White male! 


Just so blessed to know that my trailer may have been stolen by the Aryan Brotherhood per the THPD. 


Oh no! Stamkos might miss  What's  going to do only being able to pick from 20 other top tier centers.  


Oh yeah, OSU is soo lucky. We're so lucky we just haven't lost a game yet this season. Yeah, soooo lucky. 100% luck right there. 


Why i Mock Religion      right. The whole 'one week until Christmas' thing. Like, now. Whoop. 


I am a Spurs fan in the same way that I'm a fan of    


Victoria secret fashion show, yeah that'll totally improve my mood 


 Well we know those Bart "drivers" deserve more money 


I'm not at all jealous that my mum an dad are going to New York Friday    


Of course I would give up going to Catching Fire to talk to you!   


Disappointing turn out at training yest. Some players obviously feel their fitness is at a max. Will look good with new regime.



love how my week won't actually end at the weekend.  


   exactly, Jen-Jen is so wrong to dump such a hot guy crap...that she deserves it !! 


that's okay. I didn't wanna talk to you today anyways...  


Happy New Year! Now enjoy your cold...well fuck you too, Universe!     you're "that guy" that needs practice to be good at something, I don't think we can be friends. Hah 


Taking salad and left over pumpkin pie for school  


love the sense of urgency by the Redskins here.  


This is my first NYE with snapchat. Can't wait for all the drunk videos I get... 


Tomo Ohka, check. I remember Josh Towers was learning how to throw a knuckleball, he's next? 


It looks a little chilly outside, does anyone know if I might need my hat and mittens tonight?  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


When you get snapchats like this from a random kid you know it's gunna be a greaaaat day   believes in  It explains so much.  JasonBWhitman


after a long day of being alone and driving in traffic its so nice to come home and be alone some more :-) 


Happy new years? Nope. So far: i've cried for hours, and my mom and 25yrold brother are in a huge fight.
Wonderful.



George Zimmerman just got arrested for domestic violence. WEIRD.   Remind me why he is not in prison.


U do feel for  fans atm last season: Champions, this season: 9th, 12 points from top 


 I ate a lot of dirty foods today but I think I ate enough super foods to make up for it  I ate a asparagus after 


 Awh thanks sweetheart you're the best I'm glad you know so much about my life and yeah I definitely use vasu hahah 


Waiting to see how many people fail the  test.


"Life is like climbing a mountain."
Well I'd rather do that than all the annoying work we do in school!  


What can we say? Ketua Lembaga changed, SPM questions also change! EXCELLENT!  


Kindergarten? These kids will grow up to love school  

FIP in Action: ELA, Kindergarten-Opinion Writing.  is out on bail after killing kid &amp; at least 3 domestic instances~ Glad the dangerous pot smokers are in jail 


Nothing like getting a call at 5:20AM to really make your day awesome  


The third time in a week the London Midland service on the Birmingham-Rugeley line has been significantly delayed. Thanks very much 


I solved the ginter code sorry I was keeping it a secret all this time.  :-)


I am so glad the local CBS affiliate is showing Colts vs Jags and not Bengals vs Ravens. Love games that don't matter 


I love when porno's are scored with hardcore techno.  Really kicks things up a notch.


I just dropped my phone on my toe and now it's bleeding... Thanks! This night can't get any better.... 


 Barzani's the Kurdish prophet, of course it's progression. 


 you know that teasing is out of love not hate, don't you?   disagree vs   


People change, things go wrong, Just remember, life goes on,view of the Cleavage     


OMG LOOK OUTSIDE ITS SNOWING! ERMAHGURD LOOK AT THE SNOW    


All those  Miles and  nightts/stays back to zero. Need to work to retain  status. welcome to new year of travel 


Can't wait to work 10 hrs at Target and 4 and a half at gamestop starting tomorrow night for Black Friday. So excited 


I would like to thank my parents for the most spectacular social life an American teenager can receive 


Oh I do love teaching year 4s how to play netball! 


 also include Jordan's 6 titles with dominate big men. 


Glad my boyfriend told me he was going to Florida for vacation -_- 


 We completely trust you.  This whole Obamacare thing is going over so well.   


Super excited for this 10hour shift tmw morning starting at 5am     


  loooool  u just can't sense it over twitter


Erin is really enjoying practice... Lol!!!   I would have thought this through and did my presentation last week, I could be on break right now...   


LOVING everyone's organisational skills for my party  


Shouts to the weather for severely changing in temperature &amp; thus making my sinuses go crazy.   


I wonder what play will be number 1 on sports center top 10 haha!  


Glad duchene made the team, I was worried for a minute there  


The electricity goes off when i'm halfway through a shower  


 But meanwhile, climate change is a myth. So is global warming. 


 let's give him the Heisman and put him on a pedestal.  


Yup... Nothing more, nothing less.     Jajaja    none of my friends are going to school. This is going to be a great day, I can feel it already. 


Thank goodness today was the first day of rehearsal for the elementary school winter concert....  


Drunk ppl tht cannot even string a sentence together are joyful to be around! 


Big shout out to CJ spiller for the 3 points today. 


I love  , it switches shit up and the best times. 


     OKAY THEN  your favourite tool right Sam? ;) ha


love seeing people flip each other off over parking spots at yorkdale. It's what Christmas is all about.... 


Wow what a good night this is turning out to be 


Re Project Runway's "prize" of SCREEN CREDIT to a designer who works on a Lifetime movie. Groundbreaking.  


I just love not getting goodnight texts. It's my favorite.  


 I can't go out cause my parents won't let me....   


 Yes, because poor Florida didn't have any talent left to put on the floor. 


Totally legit. Not photo-shopped.  Honest sales tactics. Credible. My results will be amazing!  Not a scam.    didn't even need a  I feel you, people suck :-)


Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thanksgiving dinner with my dysfunctional family starts soon. Wish me luck. 


  I happen to be playing in the local club around 13:00 tomorrow! 


Danielle better get away from Bernard, he's my sexy boer (white boy)!!!!  


Lmao yeah like as if we can have a guy dressed up as Moses... Cause that's not offensive to other religions or anything.. 


Wait there is no school today and tomorrow?  


  pmcmarketing101 ellaadair b_virgo89   would I wanna sleep in when I could work?!  


Oh yeah... cuz you're all my favorite people!  RT   Nice! .... Sharing with 


I love sitting in the waiting room forever 


I call this one Old Faithful. . Predictable, always there for me. Thanks,    not like I have no choices, i truly enjoy staying home every saturday night. 


Rough sea makes good sailor. KBKK makes excellent students!   


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  LOOOL..dont make me start....  all i e been us nothing but nice to u when i see ya


I dont think  likes his dogs very much ;) 


Just fainted, what a way to start the day.  


 No way, ESPN was completely wrong about something related to college football? Totally shocked. 


 y'all wait for me! That sounds like a blast! 


  What??? The FCS has playoffs? What an interesting concept. Can't work for D1. Too much school missed. 


Australian summers, disgusting heat, horrible humidity and next to no rain. What's not to love  


   Yeh... They've really made me upset  If you think name calling is winning then sure. Congrats.


Teachers gonna cram everything this week like that's so logical  


Sprain ligament on the wrist. What a great xmas gift this year 


Pulling an all nighter with   Tomorrow should be a really awesome day and we won't be tired at allllll. 


Is that the only thing you'll ever do? Wow. Just. Wow. 


QuakeLive so broken how 1st shot doesn't kill and more skilled players can turn on me and outgun me. 


Oh right like you're soooooooooo not into that.  RT     Jeez, Im *right here*


This week has been gettin better by the day    yes, below mediocrity deserves more time. 


    well you basically passed out at 12:02. A grand performance 


Working on a Saturday night is one of my favourite things  


(I was thinking of adding  to that last tweet, but instead let's see if it gets me another clueless conservative follower. Again.)


 Why is there no service verizon seriously? I love what I'm paying for  I'm with you!


I love how these days niggas makein poems for other bitches thats a true fuckin relationship&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 


I'm just a teenager...I don't like to sleep in at all..   why the fuck you makin so much noise it 9 in the morning. Go to bed


Oh it's ok, it's actually 8 degrees out that's so much better 


 its tough sometimes lol but the relationship is too real 


first points for the lakers came with 4 mins left in the 1st quarter.. lol this team is too good 


  hope ur tweet is   If you mean it ur just a eNrega troll.


  the tweet was tagged with  ... did you not see ?


Good sportsmanship when you don't shake the other teams hand right? 


Ya. I wanna know all about where you've done it with your x. 



To all these people complaining about free speech... You do know that Phil Robertson didn't get arrested right?  


Awesome article on agenda of media against AVB  


Thanks to all my really gr8 friends 4 being there for me like I am for u! Love u all!   


 "Duck Dynasty" star claims blacks were happy,singing in the pre-civilrights era" Wow I didn't know slavery was so fun!  


Definitely bank on not having school tomorrow! 


UK's Horniest Student to be disciplined.  ~ Attending Uni to gain this awesome accolade. Mum must be proud! 


I'm seated next to a cranky baby. This is going to be an awesome 2.5 hour flight. 


Convo is the best way to spend a Tuesday night! 


Thank you wonderful people in the library, being such wonderful ladies and gentlemen and being courteous to others around you 


Who knew, I thought it was PMS  RT  The deadliest weapon, with the most fatalities ever, in the USA!  Come on, 100K people show up for science fairs and violin recitals. 


  to start my day off ;-) are you 'home' in RSA for Xmas?


Not bored at work         said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


THANKS FOR REPLYING TO MY SNAPCHAT. yeah, I saw you opened it.  


  iv just seen Thomas do his hair in the mirror... It's so volumed  


This sucks! O Brien leaving Penn State!! Yeah, he was TOTALLY committed. 


Perfect day to soak in the sun...get your tan on   looks from all the girls tonight. Bitch sorry I'm beautiful :-) 


. With as often as these  CFB HC PCs happen, I don't think anyone needs to be reminded where they are.  :D


Apparently AJ's account was hacked...isn't this some "wonderful news"    love how I can only see emoji while on my phone. 


Its nice when your local indie cinema supports independent film making isnt it? 


I'm just gonna play text games this break, who needs real life friends! 


I work in a cubicle in the back of the office. I love when others have full blown meetings down the hall.  Earbuds in. 


 I can't play the 3ds anymore or mario cause its colourful &amp; doesn't have death or shooting which adult games need 


Can we please come up with a punctuation that denotes sarcasm? Really limiting my tweeting potential due to the lack of one. 


Big night ahead of us!!!      its just amazing how successful  has become coming from humble beginnings 


"Katie Price and Harvey in OK!" She has a son?! Well I didn't fucking know that! 


Because making a game that relies on 2k's servers to even allow you to play my player makes sense. 


voting scores are more interesting than  scores damn these players face fiasco on international pitches.. :(  


I refuse to believe that Campbell Brown would be involved in any sort if off field incident. 


  Isn't that exactly what "lapdogs" do? 


 Keep this pace up, and you'll graduate in no time!   


 thanks for all your help today  I'm so happy to not be able to talk to my family for the next 4 months 


 oh no, France wouldn't be that ridiculous to ban a hand gesture. Or a random item of clothing worn on the face. 


Except signing up for  in your jammies! And hot cocoa with marshmallows!    


Has anyone used the line "Winter is Coming" yet to describe this weather? 


 for doing the happy new year cheering fiasco. Not that your face was stupid and boring. Although is was. 


"You didn't put any in my pot, so I couldn't bake." Hahaha    


Intelligent  " Describe Chelsea fans in one word?  


   got booted from the comp and we're taking over their territory?  


This arts and crafts time is becoming to turnt right now 


Guys, I need to see a few more pics of how cold it is! Just so I can know for sure that it really is cold. 


A terrible call against the  Im shocked! 


People in cyberville are outspoken   Mean Tweets - Music Edition:  about the good ole days at the mount  


  seems to be a user friendly entertainmant system 


I try to be as friendly as possible when chatting to ppl coz I luv chatting, bt sum girls cn b sum icecreams who needs to be licked 


A popular, new glossy mag says I need a $12,000 Christian Dior dress to get "beach ready". Wow, better take out a second mortgage. 


Guess I'll go pop some pop corn and watch full house.   


It's not a friendly rivalry if I fucking hate you.    


I cant wait to see my husky family tomorrow!!! 


I absolutely love being ditched! It's the best thing in the world! 


EJ Manuel has to be the favorite to win offensive rookie of the year! Future HOF 


My mom is so supportive in everything I do. 


As usual...memartabatkan bahasa melayu n peribahasa dalam klas industrial relations...this is sooo fun. ...   


This soba life is paying off, Nothing better than drinking tea and watching lord of the rings  


 and as we know, these rules TOTALLY work and stop the 5% 


what a great way to start my holy jolly december 


 ahh too bad it really made the city shine 


If the Detroit airport was any more poppin I would have to call it freshmen hall.  


   Thanks A-Rad. I don't know what you're talking about, that mini-movie had a deep plot. 


Well todays going to be absolutely wonderful.......lol jk its starting off horribly!! Yay 


 Working 7days a week is the bees knees 


 we all understand loud and clear  


The rapist is home!!! -_-    


  Funny how you feel the need to comment on that but never when it is the other way round. Strange. 


Galing ko na sa Solid Mensuration    PUP College of Engineering and Architecture  is real! they are going to get married!" 

*rolleyes* 

yeah.. 

enjoy this beautiful indian wedding,honey! 

 


Funny Annoying You Men's Tee  Great for family reunions!   


having a hard time reading news. too dark. 


There's truly no better feeling than one of your eye balls deciding to water, all day!! 


Momma Joyce is just a ray of sunshine ain't she?  


Last week I was asked If I was sure I'm spanish.... Well, no, I don't really know where I am from 


He was male and older- of course he was better suited to the job.  


Oh, please make that "364 days to Christmas and lights are up" joke again. It's so original.  


Fenn Tower floor meetings is the best thing ever 


Worlds biggest headache, about to go and do live sound. Fun times.   grandma is a shivering jemmy. 
    


Love how you can open your doors for business to tell people to go home and restart and restore  


 oh good...Because wouldn't want to tempt you to come down or make you jealous at all.         yes it's true athletes!!


Poor wee Ashley Young, imagine not getting that definite penalty.




"  um reminding me of my misery . Thats so lovely right? Thanks ..  dats how u know it's real


Good thing I didn't start Dalton today  


Waking up, showering and getting a huge bloody nose while still in the shower is exactly how I want to start my day...NOT.  


Highlight of my day was getting my hands zip tied together  


  yeah Mitt would have been a great president... 


I get into the car and the first thing my dad says is, "you could've at least brushed your hair"   


And now he's facing the man that injured him in the first place. Heated rivalry   


The Canes cheerleaders are displaying some very conservative lingerie tonight  


That's good. We can concentrate on the league now. 


I'm so excited to spend the weekend doing absolutely nothing   


Hey! I've always wanted to try one of these MacDonalds!   (at   group members are just now sending me their parts and the presentation is in a hour. Thanks guys. 


having a great day so far! couldn't sleep, couldn't breathe, almost passed out, almost threw up, all while cleaning my house! :D 


Pissed off AND can't breathe out of my nose? Good nights sleep coming my way! 


 yay........someplace different to stay....oh the excitement of it all... but it's what you do that makes it an adventure


" Driving conditions will be rough with these storms! Ladies..let ur man drive!" Not sexist at all. 


Oh no I can't find anyone in Bromley who sells balloons 


I'm so glad I have so many people to talk to! 


best way to wake up is seeing no text from you!  


  all done and dusted.... except I still have no voice D: eh... What? Speak LOUDER! 


Just the kind of heavyweight backing Andy Flower was hoping for. In the form of Peter Moores... 


 why didn't you lolthis !!! made me look bad in front of my kids 


Even in the Fall League, coaches look so excited to do live in-game interviews. 


Baseball in the morning wrestling in the afternoon   


" Who wants to buy  for 15$ ?" Deal of the century. ..


No idea where my favorite watch is... This week couldn't have been any better 


Do you remember when I ever asked for your opinions ever? Oh wow, me neither. 


Naw, family, that's alright. I can totally unload my entire car by myself. Thanks for asking if I want help.  


dad just asked if I would want to go back to Hawaii this summer..? my response: nahhh I think I'll pass ..  


Nice turnout for SMU they have so many dedicated fans  


 I can't wait!  hopefully my school will be spared.


 Someone was just handcuffed and taken out of the game at Bowsher. Doesn't sound right..Bowsher? Nahhhh. 


Finished area and volume chapter revision in 20 minutes (you can tell I'm going to do well in the test tomorrow) 


I'm obviously in a really good mood right now. 


Stop posting your problems on Facebook. Go to a bar like everyone else.   to know I skipped the  to go see Catching Fire  


  Makes perfect sense. That Ravens offense was unstoppable. 


Doing the not-so-rare, one night, day to overnight transition. Sleep deprivation is just so fun... 


Are Gruden and Andy Dalton point shaving with that play call and throw? 


Sure, moving a piano I don't want sounds like a great way to spend my Saturday.  


Zhis proves zhat not only people dont care about vhat i say, but zhat i am useless. Zhis makes me feel good in every type of vay. 


 it's his improvement over those years that gets me excited for the future.... 


New Years resolutions is to gain some weight. Sick of the attention I get about my washboard abs 


Its okay.. didn't really want to talk to you either tonight. 


 at its best. This deservers endless retweets.  via    


Gotta love finding out your  to fabric softener after doing all your laundry     


 If this is the   Stevie Johnson and Scott Chandler are cut.--no way Stevie is clutch 


 how about indiana beach?! That's close enough, right?! 


Heat, Lakers, Thunder won. Spurs lost. On my birthday. Couldn't ask for a better birthday present. 


Oh good, Turnitin is experiencing issues during essay hand in week again. This will make my life easier this week.  


 Based on what standards? BMI? We know how accurate that is 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I'm feeling a whole lot better today knowing that life is SO great now that  and  are possibly an item!  


Everything about today was a fantastic way to start my Christmas break. 


Thank you to whoever got me into teen wolf.   


If you want to loose 40 pounds instantly, chop off your leg!   


Waking up to the sounds of 4 boys playing GTA5 early on a Sunday morning...Awesome!  


"Why don't you kiss my butt!" "Maybe if I start today I can finish by tomorrow!"    


Yes, I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow!  


please post some more pictures and ask me which one should be your profile picture 


Way to go Phaneuf! Can you cost your team anymore games? Resign him, omg please resign him!   


Gee!  takes the side of A&amp;E! I'm shocked!  


Some of you can't really read  too well can you?


Seriously having to get 4 wisdom teeth pulled out  awesome 


New Language "C+=" for all those ladies out there:   


OMG, Auburn &amp; Missouri are just SO GREAT &amp; SO MUCH BETTER than Big 10 teams like Ohio State that can't tackle!!  


My brain thinks it's so clever to over think things which then leads to me crying. Cheers, brain! Just what I needed   


The "I haven't seen you since last year!" sarcastic bullshit is about to come back again...   


I guess  runs Edgewood too because my street hasnt been touched either.   


Don't you hate when people take your ideas and back stab you with them?... I sure don't.   


Does Woodson know this is the 4th quarter not sure Toure Murry can handle the pressure??? 


Let's try and move 1500 teenagers going 20 different directions in a single hallway at one time  


Big show looks terrible in the ring.. oh yea this is much better than Daniel Bryan. Can't wait til survivor series.  


Thank goodness for the reminder. I might've forgotten!      do love it when someone comes in with the hump &amp; takes it out on me  


First day back from break, &amp; I have 2 tests and a lab practical scheduled for this week Yea.. Gunna be a great week I can feel it! 


At least my dad's girlfriend makes me chocolate covered peanuts.  


My favorite way to spend my day is applying for financial aid.         


Why didn't you teach me evolution  !!!  


  Luv  when the washer goes down and it's full of water &amp; towels


  I cannot imagine why you would want to do that........ 


 game has sent me to sleep so haven't seen any lol 


and....Video lost! Did *not* see that one coming....


You win  RT  RT    the keyword was  - it would get moved cause of lack of funds. there


I love the wonderful straight-forward workings of government departments :-/ 


Standard, obligatory, unsurprising Match Off email just came through! I was sooooo hopeful this week as well!  


When guys talk to you for days and seem really interested...then stop talking to you. Gosh. Love that.  


Yes. Yes you did Facebook. Thanks a lot.        for real.. With a terrible line and no run game, our "joke" of a QB outperformed Cook.. So yeah, he's great! 


How am I suppose to diet with my pops making these pies yo...sigh. New Year starting off sweet.   I hate it when the  are losing.  


I'm proud to know that all my multimedia friends are aware that there is snow outside. Without your posts I would be so oblivious.


Only took six months for the investigation to be over and you guys couldn't even come up with a valid decision?...  


Nite schedule : ngakak bareng ibuk nntn Take Me Out Indonesia. Yes of course it's fun.. ngakaknya. Not the show. 


 oh good, an SEC coach, those always make great NFL head coaches don't they?  


With so many people out there willing to "help" a small business it's a wonder why so many fail!  


I love doing absolutely nothing on a Friday night  


A lovely  morning in    Angeles       was sleeping.. What an awesome day!  


 saying "such a skillful game.  is ignorant. My trying to find vids on  is me trying to understand your game more


Yes, I would LOVE to redo a project three times when you said it was perfect when you corrected my rough draft. 


 Congratulations! Good for you! Would you like a cookie!? 


 yeah I agree! I want my snow in March! Not this late November bullshit.  


That just made me feel so great about myself...thanks 


Oh wow everybody. Hold back your excitement please. 


 Excellent. I've been looking everywhere for a product that will satisfy all of my flying camera needs. 


Big thanks to  for not delivering my Christmas present.   Actual thanks to  to alerting us to UPS' massive failure.


I'm glad  ive herd from  the last two days  


  haha awful League 1 players. We need more worldclass players!  


It'd be just super if more people on facebook would post screenshots of the freezing temps. I had no idea it was this cold. 


Me: I brought bread and some food today! :)
Friend: real one ah?
Me: no la...fake one -.- 


 hahahahahha *reaction of tweet* lol      I love you TomTom  People are not illegal   this says it all 


Sarah's brother calls to tell her that he can call and text her from their iPad . Her response "great, that's exactly what I want." 


  he obviously hates women everywhere and is probably secretly writing plots to keep women in line  


Nothing is more awesome than eating a lunch that went cold after too many interruptions. After several re-heatings, I will note. 


Oh my gosh I wish everyone wouldn't text me at once!!!! Lmao yeah right  


One of the best things about depression is how all your friends rally around you, and how supportive and understanding they can be. 


 every single clown wants to  and  No meh?  hahahahha  all the way bro. Chill.


'A negative mind will never give you a positive life.' ..Just because it's so easy. 


What could POSSIBLY go wrong by Amazon creating delivery drones? 


I have a boyfriend, who is more in love with playing COD online than me. I love my life  


 In ancient Egypt, pillows were made of stone. WOW I DIDT LEARN THIS IS FUCKING GRADE THREE. 


 c'mon he needs a Hawaiian vacation. Poor dude is stressed!  


Do to everyone's reaction to the weather, I feel it in my best interest to watch The Day After Tomorrow just to be safe  


Zimmermans new chick is a Soros plant! She is a tool of the left trying to tarnish a good Merican patriot &amp; 2nd Amendment hero! 


Wow  in the hunt for  title. I am surprised.  


My dad just started singing Wrecking Ball. What a wonderful start to a Saturday morning... 


The best way to fix something is not to talk to anyone 


Cant wait to see all my friends with hardly any connections to KU posting Rock Chalk on facebook. 


After a loooooong day at school I came home to my blue box stolen  


It's nice that I have so much control over my own life.... 


 So they're re-airing that sound of music tv special tomorrow night.  What a great idea.


My definition of a fun Saturday night is hours and hours of homework!!   


 I love the lazies that put a stack of items that are in no particular ABC order, or the same item. 


Tonight's a great night to listen to Rascal Flatts... 


 Live in an over populated state and Feel underrepresented? Move to a rural state where your voice can have more impact 


I just have a tiny little obsession with    


Everyone have a happy non denominational winter celebration  


 The Gettysburg address w/o mention of the civil war?  Yeh that makes sense  


Off to work on a Saturday night    


 Mate come on, what chance do us minnows stand against the mighty Arsenal, they are the best I've ever seen. 


I Loveeeee People Who You Haven't Talked To In Months But They Have An Attitude w/ You . 


Anyone else disappointed Decker doesn't have 200 yards yet? I get a bonus for that 


It's awesome when favouritism gets you ahead    


Woah, no one saw that coming.  RT:  Bitcoin just fell to $760 from $900 within the past 30 minutes  best way to wake up is to someone cursing at the world 


 whyyyyy are we living here damn so great stuff Anywhere except in Germany! Great. 


I like how my school is deciding to literarally break down in every way this year. 


I love waking up to a list of shit I have to do that isn't my responsibility. &lt;---  I planned on today being a relaxing day. 


Going to the writing center for the first time... there's a place that'll help me review my papers?    lmao


Tomas Tatar, good thing the Wings weren't playing him cause he looks like garbage 


Btw I'm so thankful for you calling back last night  


 !!! That looks like code. You must be hax0r. Here. Have my iphone and some money, plz release JB now for happy ppl. 


Am I on some sort of watch list now bc I make fun of you ESPN,SC,FastFoodChains&amp;whatever else I can include? If so  does a body good


 Didn't you know?...if you cover OSU...you have to vote them number one.  Bama and FSU appear better...good poll.


I got banned from laser tag today. Apparently you can't use a knife to save ammo. 


Have to go to physical therapy whenever wippie 


 I mean, the dreads were my favorite Austin phase 


Apparently when seeing same people everyday it's courteous to lower your eyes &amp; not say hello apparently




 well I never knew that  :-) Mrs has already been this year so not part of plan if it happens at all


Celebrity are just like us!  Gisele with her glam squad.  showing the reality of a working mom.  nothing I want to do more over the holidays than work on my position description. 


Props to the school district for making the right decision.  


Don't you just love talking to your friend and then they just stop talking to you randomly?    


Don't you love it when your computer crashes when you are in the middle of doing work! 


Torino, how can I thankyou for doing wonders on my 10 game accumulater yesterday    I cannot wait for this 6am practice tomorrow morning   


It sucks that most everyones out having fun and I'm sitting home. Alone. With absolutely nothing to do. Yaaaay.... 


Christmas shoes is on in the cardio cinema at the gym  


Did you know, that the big hill in NB is called the Law 


Hey  maybe if you play more ads on the jumbotron we'll play better. 


No. Really. I don't mind that someone 30 years my junior is assigned to edit my work. That's just FINE. 


getting stuck to do a project all night because im a procrastinator.  
 


  Well, how about the ever so clever reversal of the 1st letter trick? Duck Fodgers!   


The one paper I thought I did so well on I got a "borderline" A.... Thank you Horn for making me so good about myself 


Glad you're at least letting me know you're alive. 


 The Horizons of Disneyland   love Monday morning phone calls that end with me being jobless. 


Has there been a hailstorm? Glad I had Facebook for the updates. Would have missed it otherwise!  


This has literally been one of the worst days in a long time. Just keep getting better and better 


"I hope Ian gets raped."

~ Yeah because trying to prove that rape is wrong by raping the rapist is the way to go 


 Arguing against fishing quotas. Proud to be British 


Post LCR jogging, look at that moon. Look at those street lights. Beaut   What an easy group for the USA.  


Love how every other tweet on my phone is about   


I wonder what all my snapchat my stories say..  


Biology II with Dr. Brooks is my FAVORITE class ever!!!! 


 yes making me swerve all over the road was definitely fun! 


Having an absolutely awful time on holiday.   KC's Bar &amp; Grill  we Oklahomans just love good, clean trash talk on Bedlam day over social media? It's so exhilarating. 


Im gonna disappear off twitter for a few days. In case ya'll were wondering cause i know how much ya'll care:) 


Let's just make all football ever played flag football!! 


Finally reached 30k tweets, I'm bursting w/ excitement. 


   Oh wow, I'm like soooo hurt by that comment. It hurts deep you know. 


so glad people have their f*ckin priorities straight when a loved one loses a family member. glad i have the support system from u 


  Well, what elese should she call it? That's what it is  


Sarcasm: The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it...:P 


 why stop there? Get rid of the ball &amp; goalposts, so there's no hurt feelings. Everyone gets to run around in circles! Yay! 


Someone throwing green stuff from a bucket on it now RT  I see Lacy he's standing on the dead grass  rotten turf


Thank you  for all of the great gifts you provide us this Christmas 


Yeah it wasn't obvious that I walked into it straight up with no power....


I love when my friends tweet something and I subtweet them. They get my humor and I love it. 


 We have the great Niles Paul filling in..no worries. 


 I'm certainly hoping to. I'm sure the mandatory 60 week next week will help. 


aren't you guilty of it? lol sorry I'm not perfect and you are 


I love how mom like i dont think you will need a license i got you a new bike i said wow i feel your love loud and clear mom 


 I hope this isn't real, but if it is I hope that "soldier" gets diarrhea...lol! 


Wall, 6th in the league in minutes per game (5th among active players (sorry)), definitely DOESN'T look too tired to make layups. 


Can just tell this is going to be a good day  


Today is Friday the 13 and  and  are showing an obvious no brainer horror film to celebrate   


 Anti-gun people are always such happy, happy people! If your only response is profanity, I am absolutely quelled. 


I can't wait for this!   RT  Kansas State will face Michigan in Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl  oh yeah maybe saying that the ps2 came out in brazil only in 2009 probably is also a fact 


   I wasn't being serious. I'll use the  next time.


That is a military ID...birthday on back.   seen one of these before!!!  


Shet, ang ganda pala ni Ella Montano eh, mas maganda pa kay Kathryn. Kaya siguro na-inlove si DJ. Ha ha ha  Ugh people nowadays.  


 can you play anything by olly murs please , been in car 5mins and not heard it yet 


Grabe, lahat ng kapit bahay namin singer, sa sobrang galing hindi na nakayanan at nag tears of joy pa ang langit :3 


When did the Lions trade for Tony Romo?  


 &amp; lets also put JOneal &amp; his great def in da gm 2! 


 Me likely lots 2 

Problem is  pain is chronic. White willow bark causes reduction in inflammatory markers?


 but isn't it enough to simply resize your desktop browser? It's just a small screen! ;) 


I hope  is as pumped for this drive to Whitewater as I am! 


Maybe that universal  punctuation wasn't such a bad idea after all?   my honest opinion,  on twitter can sometimes be ineffective and often misunderstood.


It's fun when people describe others with words they don't know the meanings of 


  Yeah I mean who wants to watch the best players in the world play at 100%?!?  Warm weather city or dome please!


The wussification of the  and all of it's rules just put Gronk out. Congrats. The game is much safer. 
 


Just one of those days when you open the fridge and get attacked by a giant lettuce. Good times. 


Will be the most stylish. ;D
   

 and  in one bottle! ;D  you  for screwing up my shipment and ruining a huge opportunity for my small business. Love transacting with you 


Starbucks tells local brewery to cease and desist. Brewery responds with this awesome letter   


Love doing Applied Econ all day on a Sunday!!  


Thanks  now my oatmeal is cold...   


no this chick on YT did not just say, "I'm a Mac NW 45 but I use NC 20 to highlight, don't worry it works." I'm sure it does 


Wow, shocker, the Bruins have the fewest power plays in the league. 


My immune system literally picks the best time to stop working... 


. I need sleep; being part of  and a know it all takes a toll on you!    Too funny. :D


i make such smart decisions all the time woo 


I'm totally glad I'm up this late doing a project, thanks team!   


Cuz, you know, fb page likes is what determines good music!   


 Awesome show tonight! Can't wait to wake up in a few hours for another one. 


 you're so hilarious I cannot even handle it 


I come home and my mom asks me if I'm fine. NO MOM! I'm perfect!  


Can't believe how many times per day at the nursing gig I feel like a waitress  


Brb.Let me go buy a sassy looking phone. And then hide it under flip covers.
 


Seriously, thank you for texting me back, I really apreciate it. I REALLY FUCKING DO!! 


My favorite part of fake punt plays is that the camera never shows them live. 


Jim don' got bit by a snake but he was okay four days later. Life couldn't get no easier.  


 is my bestest friend in the entire universe! I would be lost without him 


   How come all these trends sound American to me? 


Chemistry quiz tomorrow over stuff I totally get   


 This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player.  first time watching him for me tonight, the hype matches.


I love when people don't text me back or take like 284749 hours to respond  


You know it's going to be a good day when you trip on your laptop cord and spill orange juice everywhere   


No Girlfriend November is going absolutely swimmingly 


I love how the guidance department here listens to me 


My brother just told me I need to "slut up". He gives the best advice! 


These Fast and Furious death jokes are funny 


Reading the lecture slides for my 3pm. What have I got to look forward to? Database design   


you know whats going to help with today's shopping? Your right arm in a sling that's what. 


Appreciate the "goodluck" or "how did y'all do" message. It really shows you give a damn. 


Being Stuck in Calgary for the night is a fun and exciting way to end a perfect weekend! 



  at its finest. Packer fans are annoying. Sorry the phins lost. But it gave the Steelers a chance to make the playoffs=P


 Oh, I thought it was about a guy running around with a Dildo-Like thing that flashes the fuck out of everything 


Mr. Sanjay Dutt , you should have atleast used a better excuse... 
    pahaa you must feel so lucky  ;) and agreed :3 :* 


Ally bank is gouging minority consumers and they are stating 'it wasn't deliberate' I certainly bet it wasn't.   -_-  


 I love it! It's like MJ + horror movie. Very Thriller-feel. Hopefully the song hits  too  


Great defensive point guard matchup here between Calderon and Lowry  


Photo:        Took long enough, but yup, 2014's here, there, and everywhere now! Everything is so different!  :p


 AHAHHAHAHA Sorry! You know, I'm a bad person! -.-"   AHHAHAH


Looks like its going to be a huge pain in the ass to be home my last day.  


 I will not take my chances being struck by lighting I    lost; that's funny and now I'm over it...it was after all to MSU...A real win would have been for a flash flood in the stadium 


Haha I suppose it goes with my second name..


I think our generation of children are just getting better and better!   Sounds like you missed out on working with a real gem, because MANNERS. 


My brother dosent listen to me at all. It's nice to have him home 


My mom just told me she's getting married next month  


by all the instagram pictures, I can see there is a beautiful sunset. thanks guys. 


    hahah Dave you clearly haven't got the meaning of this joke 


 Omg I didn't know Instagram was a weather app too? 


Why are Linux users discriminated by  ? Windows and even OSX versions have ads, not Linux! 


Nothing like the smell of a fresh financial plan in the morning! 


Drinking and smoking and failing classes totally makes you cool!  


Getting hit on by old foreign men is my favorite part of being at work 


Staff party in two weeks .... I'm jumping for joy 


Just got photographed for city view with Liz... A Des Moinesians dream  


Well class starts in 15 minutes and I just now got an email from the professor that it was cancelled. Gee thanks. How considerate. 


Arsenal striker Bendtner quoted in d Danish press as saying, "I want to leave Arsenal to play for big clubs like Barca or Madrid". 


If you don't post a flipagram of 2013 did it really happen??  


love when Adam texts me about the game..  


  I know... I'm so good at coming up with jokes :p 


Manukau Police on twitter bragging about their new tasers. Yeah- thrilled. 


Thanks for pointing out every one of my flaws. You make me feel so good about myself.  


 The best collegiate football player. C'mon. Man! 


 Schools just have all the answers. A building full of people designed to educate. 


     wasn't a compliment 


 right?! I can't wait to talk about jeans for two hours.................


well now that I have a 3rd degree burn on my palm I'm a lot more motivated to do my homework than I was before!  


Im selfish, I'm in the wrong, I don't wanna get better, I should leave school, i'm difficult and stupid  


the 2 yr. old just drank my coffee.that's gonna end well 


 Yeah, but what if KC turned it over on downs at the 2? Huh, smart guy? 


Meaty views are down 50% since the google+ implementation. Thank you for rewarding hard work youtube. 


Nothing better than airports before a holiday 


Three hours of sleep should be enough to drive back to keene. 


U know wat I think I'm the best at skiing and snowboarding in the world... 
 before anyone starts commenting lol


Woohoo I get to talk to insurance companies all day..  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


I got one more hour of sleep! Total hours at 3 :D  


Its nice that my brothers want me around.   


This week keeps getting better and better  


Whatever happened to no welcome aboard "P" on evals. Nice to see that doesn't happen anymore. 


wow would you look at that everybody survived the cold spell. thought we were all gonna die. 


I love how people can sit behind a computer and voice there mind on social networks, yet not to a face.  


Severson and Packard both advance to Friday at the Exmoor Men's Bonspiel.   Watch for more updates.  


Now that, ladies and gentlemen, is what I call a healthy looking foot    better believe it!       wait, I thought WWE went around and personally destroyed every bit of video evidence that Benoit was ever on WWE TV? 


lolonly today  RT  I never knew you have decamped to 'Saints'.   " What a good 1st half"


You knw wht's cool, guys? I haven't gotten sick ALL YEAR. Wut.  Lol don't care. Jinx me.  No, i really haven't


Did you know the word "vegan" is magical?

Simply mention it to anyone andPOOF!they become a nutrition expert!

 


I just love how I went from having C lunch to having A lunch 


Dentist decided a root canal today. Yeah, I've never felt better!   


 : the  will have  but stupid won't get it...


I'm glad the post office is being so helpful and finding my package that's lost....  


"but you're still babysitting tonight" ... I just walked in the door mum.    


Oh yeah, this is just freaking great.  


How are the villa getting on? I couldn't be bothered to go today! It's only the fa cup! 


   No, it's just that all of these situations are also racist!



We are all suffering... The polar vertex is keeping the temp below 70's today in Phoenix. Better bust out the Under Armor.  


 Wow!!! Can't handle all these good news!  


"Did you know a good deed erases a bad deed?" -Pigeon Lady from  Thanks for the wisdom! 


Well aren't you just the supportive girlfriend?  


 yeah, because they're going to figure it all out at halftime  


That's too far from reality RT" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


You are turning this into one heck of a Christmas 


  you know what I love? Passive aggressiveness.  


I love getting yelled at for my phone dying. 


Thanks for the drama I enjoyed it!
 
Lost a friend cause of it



DBU's Perry just 40 points away from breaking his career high set last week! 


Shout out to my brother put my headphones in the washing machine!  


I LOVE IT when people hold up traffic to make illegal u-turns... 


Message read &amp; no reply is the best feeling ever. 


Ohio State looks national championship game worthy after giving up 35 (maybe more) to Illinois.  


I just love how slow work is right now.... Now that I'm off! Fucking love it!  


 oh! Well if it was funny I guess its ok. 


 So happy that the weather is keeping me trapped inside my house and has ruined my plans for today    


I love when my friends invite me to hang out with them all the time. 


Yay! Time to repeat the fall 2012 sickness!!  


Boy, the  shouldn't have gotten rid of Dan Carpenter. 


I am too sarcastic for text messages to the point that I ruin conversations. 


Watch out he thinks he's known with 130 followers. he must be so cool 


i was thankful last month... once is enough, right?  


. But they have to take an 8-hour course, which means they're mentally stable firearms experts when they get the gunz! 


Okcupid is great.I got asked to kick some guy in his nuts as that's his fetish.I turned him down,now what will I do with my sunday? 


Haven't stopped crying for nearly 2 hours. Life's great 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Shit im on a roll with women lately aren't I  


Now onto a sport the SEC can be proud about: collegebasketball !   


This global warming is really starting to affect us.  


27 days until we visit  not at all excited.   


" These last few days have been just great 


 as a Graham owner, I love it when NO's opponent scores first. It usually means that Brees will come out throwing alot. 


wait Boeing is coming to California? but WHY? CA politicians have been working SO hard to lure business AWAY from California. 


nothing like someone telling you good morning because you requested that they do so,  


No better way to bring in the new year than spending over $700 in bills.  


 What fantastic infrastructure for booking match tickets!  


 Please, I'm a gent account. It automatically means I'm always 100% nice 


  you hate the cold. What are you talking about? 


Good News! Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life.  is extremely healthy for the mind.


Let the wheat-free adventure begin...yay   I bought a popcorn tin bc you can't not have one in this weather, its essential 
Mom: I've never heard that before!
 


What? Its 10pm and every single dog in the neighborhood is barking at the same time??? Fucking magical, really.  


Working on Christmas, but I ain't mad.   


How refreshing and unique is it to see a girl wearing AirMax  


 Report: Khloe Kardashian files for divorce from Odom--&gt;  didn't see this coming. 


It's always nice to be treated with disrespect. 


I love getting cussed out.  just wont stay there anymore.


Idk guys his leg breaking didn't seem that bad.  


Theres nothing we Canadians love more than a 40 minute talk on the declaration of independence... it really gets me going! 


Bourque making a push tonight to be named to Team Canada.   


" I just want you. That's all. All your        didn't realize this :-)


No phone no one to hangout with this Christmas is going to be awesome 


Twitter is so dead at 4:30. Like what? People are sleeping? Why?  


 no. Way!  I did not know that amazing Fitzpatrick fact!  Nobody has ever mentioned it!  


Of course now is a great time for me to start getting a cold.  


Iya RT  My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not.


 hey!  This isn't a picture of a cat or bunny!  UNFOLLOWED!  


I sure do love breaking picture frames all over my room.  


A sharp tongue does not mean you have a keen mind 


Another TD?! Great point for me to have to clock in   


Whats wrong,
NOTHING IM JUST RELEASING TEARS
oh okay.
NO ONE GET SARCASM  


 I'm saying Conway but I am biased!!!! Scores a lot of goals from a defensive midfielder position!! 


 way to ruin it Eric. TV feed is 30 seconds behind your tweets.  


 if it's my colour could suit me asking as it's pink pink pink 


Thanks Mum and Dad. You guys are seriously the best 


" Why would I expect anything different  Exactly!!! A Shanahan coached team is the best 


The pacers are showing us their stellar defense against the pistons 


Nice tape to tape pass by myers to lupul!  


I totally feel safe on this shuttle with the driver texting 


 I can't believe your only 19 Oli your so mature 


I love it when I go to the dentist and get my wire changed and can't chew for the next 3days!     


 I want a magic wand  have you ever been to potter world in universal studios? 


 yeah I laughed. I love sarcasm. It's the best. 

Jk but rns it was funny lol


I have answered 1 close reading question, it's a start.. Can't wait to spend my whole Sunday doing homework for Monday  


" My level of  has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not."


Saturday morning basketball games.  Have I become THAT mom??    


  hahahahaha *wipestears* maybe that's why he's been gymming so much 


 it is, i have a video on YouTube and i did that once p.s. 


When ask how I feel when they know I'm not fine    is Sheridan going to learn that nothing is ever as good as our "amazing" football team? 


Almost to the fuckin desert....   


A lot of really subtle subtweeting going on today! 


Also, I just won the Spanish Microsoft Lottery that I never entered. How lucky is that?! 


That clears it all up.  "2013  playoff scenarios"
 SportsCenter  I wish the  tonight was more exciting.   haha!!!:)


 you see me? I actually thought you were blind 


First time watching bellator mma and it's a king mo fight... well yay 


THIS JUST IN: Unnamed members of the   are blaming Tony Romo for the firing of Rob Chudzinski. 


I can't sleep, my mouth is in agony and a band that means a freaking lot to me split up, good this 


 Yo, your so right bro. I ain't no bitch  


 bet you're missing the cold in   ur peeps stuck in the cold are missing you Right ? 


  Ha this one is even better. Ha. RT if you think America is the death of hopes and dreams 


When you see a penis on Twitter bc  re- tweeted it thank you katelyn.  


 because the refs are so consistent! LOL 


Thanks everyone for blowing up my txts  while I was at work    and Dino say don't travel overseas, try a staycation!!      what are 2 hour delays? Oh I'm sorry we don't have those in college 


I'm stuck between watching spongebob or fangirling about Bastille...what a hard decision. 


Going out to lunch with gram and my cousin what a normal family 


Shoutout to my brother for costing me about $300 today and making me mad at him. 


Hope  has a freaking amazing time at Justin Timberlake tonight   


I love looking forward to things that end up not happening. 


Oh good, the singles' ads are back on Facebook. I was really beginning to miss them. 


 lol  dripping all over.  Got some on me.


Youhou Lets spend 10 000  for trashcan's design overskilled computers, i can't wait!    


Oh, good. It is 40 degrees outside, perfect... (


I LOVE waking up because I am freezing in the middle of the night 


I can't wait to serve all these rich Quinlan donors tonight at LUMA! 


" Tottenham are expected to pursue their interest in Blackpool's Tom Ince this January" MOAR WINGERS! 


At least a useful thing represents the   MT  'Selfie' is the Oxford word of the year   Its awesome. It really looks professional. 


Ohhhhh yay. School's in two days. I'm so excited to wake up freakishly early and learn about pointless information again. 


Trade Panik, he boarded someone.  (and it's not his first time) 


The safety squat bar... all the anti concussion neck training ya need... 


I love how you are putting so much effort in, to seeing me again for the last time, guess I'm not that important   


Man I can't believe I didn't get a 2hour delay why do I even have school... 


 Ummm... I thought you knew that, we both were bron in a country side, how do you not know? 


 Weird.. Ott with a slew foot? So strange of him.. he's usually a clean player who plays the game by the book!  


I'm so thankful for my job that I get to have and spend my thanksgiving at.   


If X Factor couldn't get more depressing tonight, Nicholas sings 'Someone Like You'. Lovely.  


I love when people ask me how college is...like great just GREAT  


 makes my life worth living that dose lol really cheers me up 


There's actual snow accumulation, so AACPS schools will probably be open tomorrow. They only close for rain. 


Oh no, people in Cedar Rapids are complaining about having a short-class day? How awful!  


Chilln on one the library's comfy chairs, very productive 


Today is the shortest day of the year. It certainly feels like it, it's 10:15am already... 


60 Question take home test for this Biology class....yaaaaay  at least its multiple choice


Expected temperature tomorrow: high of -5 (Fahrenheit).  Lovely.   


i think uday chopra's biggest achievement till date is still managing to have to have hair on his head!   


Big needed pick up for the offense.  RT   Rangers acquire Carcillo from Kings  doesn't need to apologize. And yes, ignorant masses, your death threats are less offensive than her little joke. 


Well this is the test I've been studying all semester for. Both hours were for this test! Hoping hard work pays off. 


My happy place is sitting on the couch watching  while the baby annoys everyone else   I guess  knows alot about being a leader in a locker room!  


Wait seriously though...who won the Alabama Auburn game   


Sure, let's have a Satan statue. That's only fair.  


 tell me about it, CARNT WAIT for our mock results back ! ahha 


So glad ppl on here were telling me 11 MONTHS AGO to stay positive, everything would turn out ok. You guys are fucking psychic! 


Thank you to whoever poured their tea on my car..  


Wow I am having a wild Friday night. First I clean my turtle tank and now I'm painting jigs. It's way to crazy for me. 


Oh the great finds you come across while packing --  


  they do their fair share of that nim .... Thx tho ! This is why I love you so much  


Haha!  I would be like, ok you can just mark it for today.    should give the Broadway hat to Pouliout  


I go to   4 the hectic schedule   time coming soon can't wait  how much I love waking up at 5 in the morning...  


       how would he know? 


Spending my Friday night at toco bell with  my life is way to eventful...........


  What, Chip Kelly snarky with the media? No one in Eugene ever encountered that!!! 


Oh yeah..the lakers definitely shouldn't have given kobe that new contract and let him walk away...  


I'm not always rude and sarcastic ...
 
 
  this is shaping up to be a wonderful football weekend! 


Going through Operation Plans this week Hurray.......   on dead week is the smartest thing you could ever do.   


Once college started, my texting dropped to less than 10% of what it was... Not depressing at all! 


11am kick off for Sunflower Showdown in the 30th. Same day as  Football State Championships. Should be fun juggling both... 


How very nice that we get a long taxi tour of O'Hare before getting to the gate?    thank you Justin! You didn't notice me once again! Yey! 


1.04 K tweets so far.But sometimes i wonder does anyone even gives a shit about my tweet?    


Laughing at humiliated people can seem as a joke, but when its the other way round i guess its still a joke isn't it??? 


This day just keeps getting better and better 


             poetry project is only 17 pages long   


 Loving this weather  actually loving this weather 


Im uber late but,, merry christmas everyone lmao 
     season 1 of Walking Dead by myself.  Yep. I'm cool. 


Oh I've missed the chavs and pikeys in Manchester. 


Y'know, I was unsure what I wanted to get myself for Christmas but I guess 4 new tires it is! Toyota knows me too well!...  


But I thought they didn't store info     RT  Snapchat hacked, info on 4.6M users leaked  Just got the "it's so much better for cats to stay inside" lecture. Always LOVE that.  


 my dog ate mine I guess they are made for everybody :-) 


 in essence, they are absolute legends. 


Oh the younger generation might make me pull my hair out. I get it you know everything.... 


  I am looking forward to the next 53 miles. 


 Oh hahaha, well the  hashtag was needed there ;)


   
Gee, didn't see that coming     


 56 fantasy points for josh Gordon.. Cool.. 


Andy felt dizzy bb reacts quick, he faints in the washroom bb reacts calls for armaan nt the whole house, bb k 2 anmol ratan?  


My world is made up knowing that fellow Midlander Sam Bailey's one and only supporting date for Beyonc is the one I'm going to... 


Just when I thought it wasn't possible...amazingly...these Lamm rants continue to get more insightful and intelligent. 


Going to bed on a bad note is always just wonderful... 


 Oh, don't everybody text me all at once...   this is so me right now


I'm getting good vibes about today from twitter  


 and  left out of CCM??   


" Hey does anybody know if Anchorman 2 is coming out soon? They should really advertise for that thing sometime." 


Woohoo! What a brilliant PSA and ad from PETA!     are you still talking shit with your great track record in the NHL? 


What my day consists of...     to mention, the Baltimore fans are acting super classy as always. 


I love not being able to do science labs and having to sit in the hall and write an essay for my teacher instead 


My lovely ferroin potion degraded so I get to redo the 4 hour potions class on Thursday at 8am.  


Game day and I'm as sick as possible. This is gonna be great. 


 Don't you just love a fairytale romance!!  A rich Blob and a venal slut..fairy tale indeed 


Oh I love the trips I have to make to the apple store.... 


If a hospital computer w/ PHI gets a CryptoLocker malware is it considered a   Technically it's encrypted right? 


 Hi! Good to see you on Twitter again! Hope you had a good Christmas! :) I've missed your  You remind me of my dad!


Well this week has started off SWIMMINGLY!  


 but shouldn't they just not have the party and pay their employees more? 


 nice try but we actually don't have free health care in america lol   


 Was it "everyday citizens"? Just checking.  


Wcw? Yeah I'm too cool for that ........... 


I probably won't fall asleep till 1... Great I love getting 5 hours of sleep 


Could this kid get more toys for Christmas please? He clearly doesn't have enough at 2 months old. 


 I'm glad that my exam helped you reminisce about ur old agool 


Covering social media in class, still don't know what it is  


Really feel the BBC needs to publicise this Dr Who show a bit more. I worry that no one will know it's on. 


Watching  new video... Dil bhar aaya....Aansoo nikal paray...  *slow clap*


 you probably also want them to be coherent &amp; not read like a ransom letter.   :)


And here we have Taylor  being his very mature self...     are bad, so making them worse is okay. Really wonderful logic. I'm sure you'd do well in philosophy. 


 no way!! I never would have guessed that! 


A language too good for the slow and stupid  


 at least his career ERA is slightly less than last year's staff.   


Was Yasiel Puig arrested or something? Cause I haven't seen many tweets about it. 


To the passenger who stole the ticket counter pen in some kind of act of defiance to me, you badass  


23 minutes of pain in my fucked up bus
I've got no book, no headphones, my battery's low, my seat neighbour's stupid....  perfect 


Man I'm overwhelmed with all the plans I have tonight 


Look at that public school beating up that parochial school...they need to move that public school into a new league. It's my fair! 


What a great way to start off milking!  


Hard to tell when Borland is even in the game. 


 nope, we're all from Jamaica or the Bahamas because those are the only islands in existence apparently. 


  must be busy scouting some DP's to make an immediate impact.  


  i think i make some valid points in this, very serious article....  


My mother tries to pay with a check everywhere we go. No one accepts checks. "Well, do you even accept cash?!"   


Such a nice feeling when you can't keep a Sunday school teacher for the life of you. 


Doris Burke is the best and you guys are all just hating 


I'm thankful for my mother's lovely attitude on this thanksgiving morning.. 




...you'll never ever be ready for it. You won't know what to do. But I guess trigonometry might be useful to save someone's life. 


Not to panic! There will be a movie made at the end of the season about our miraculous league &amp; euro cup double!  


   Don't forget to use a prophylactic!!


" Also thanks for delivering on that  concept    It's all coming together! :/


 oh look, the number 9 is running bang on schedule as per.  


Oh physics how I can't wait until I am finished with you! Too bad I still have to deal with you for another semester... 


 come Lon, his team didn't even make the playoffs. 


In love with the bitter taste... Does it talk about my personality in any ways...   


Glad my mom isn't trying to over do it today 


Oh the joyous A19 again how I've missed you since yesterday   To the person that is holding up the traffic 


 Huh, who knew this would happen?  


 I feel as if Incognito has been portrayed in a bad light. His career hasn't ever been littered with foul play. 


  think you forgot the  hashtag there, Joe. 


 Right. B/c ppl have a right to beat you if you get out w/o permission.    


I just realized that as much as I love going home it means I'm going to be surrounded by rude conservatives.  


 im telling you.. its a good job...       


I love when people ignore me when I ask them something but they need answers immediately when they ask me 


Damn!!! I love this.  " Never give up on your dreams, keep sleeping!!!""


Latest version of the kettle calling the pot black  


I enjoy when  gives 6 free blow jobs to Ken the Barbie at my house 


Welcome to Jackson. The city where you must boil water, dodge pot holes and worry about the crime and hope you don't get killed. 


  Three guys used the KISS method while the Fed govt used the BOHICA method. Simplicity &amp; efficiency FTW! 


Denver is a lock for SB. So what if they have 24th ranked D. We all know playoff time is for offense!Especially throwing the ball! 


Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life.  is extremely healthy for the mind  


There's nothing better than spending your day off work getting an oil change. 


Whst a surprise.   NYTimes: Rightwing Budget Cuts Imperil Federal Court System, Rightwing Justice Says
 


Sure is good to be back at work and not in Texas.  


Your Twitter account expires in 13.7 billion years, guys.
Don't waste your time. ;-)
  


Nothing better than having the first person you talk to yell at you.  


Yes people, 8.30am is a fantastic time to start hammering the wall. please do carry on. 


And joe hart has caught the ball! Que claps from the crowd  


And of course no A.J. McCarron highlight is complete without ESPN cutting to a shot of Katherine Webb in the Stands.  


Some peoples tweets are so original, it's like I haven't seen them a million times before 


 keep this up yas will win d whole thing  


i'll just die of starvation.       


It's really fun being the only one that's still awake.   I am so popular    my phone on a daily basis


 So i guess it's about relationships again? Because i really miss that in the show nowadays. 


 Omg how? It's so cool!! I just love how they made it look like fb! Facebook is the   it's gay AF


A History of Sarcasm by Frank Burton    good thing about Yankees is that they never shut up. Good lord. 


 makes sense, increase Scott's minutes while he's experiencing the kaleta treatment 


 Swing more right to stop ball from going left         Bruce should be a 12 month man 


I win the prize for best in-laws ever.   


Well the Christmas spectacular is off to a great start! 


Oh hey let's just ruin a good show by putting nudity in it.  


Friend: You use sarcasm a lot... Me: What?? ME? No, never!!   


Cute pajamas girl where can I find me some of those  


So ready to stay up until 4am to get these projects done :-) 


K, im leaving to a place about 2 and a half hours away with no wifi that i know of -_- im ecstatic.. 


Looking fprwarrd to a 5 hour drive to  w  all to watch   oh and to see lovely Syracuse 


you care, yet youre legit ignoring me ? makes sense.... 


Oh the humanity!  RT  Eminem's childhood home in  will be demolished  that whole "sleep" thing went very well  


 it's my favorite week of the whole semester. 


Other than the 40 cm of snow, 5 foot drifts, winds gusting to 110 km/h, wind chills near -30 and no power, it's not a bad day  


Because obviously all women care about is getting laid. 


W. Buffett Market-Beating Skills Revealed:Cutting Research   &lt; i bet he lags $TWTR traders in performance 


 yeah, because special teams are what's causing all the problems for this team 


. some how each generation just stumbles onto it it can't be the culture, no  


 oh man that must've been such hard work good job Kevin 


We say we don't have time
But do we really have watch to see time.



Some small child just handed me a pamphlet about Jesus that literally calls me filthy and rotten and shit. Religion is so loving 


 Be careful Steve, youll get chastised like  did.. 


 I'd wish you luck in our matchup this week but you probably won't need it.  


Fucking sick once again... All i wanted to do was eat some but i cant even do that.   


 hasna hai? Wasay mujhy 100% pata tha about your  


His going back to Texas soon. I'm so exhausted from hanging out with him.  


 how  can fave my tweet and not text back, how great :-) 


 are you sure they're not just going to move Connor to OL? I mean, it worked out so well last time with Fua... 


Flight is cancelled. Looks.like extra days in Florida. Oh darn. 


 UA1070 1hr delay and for our trouble we get 'free tv'. Great service 


So, it's a mixed bag on   Stop studying for finals and do this trivial thing!  


Oh goody, it's a Brynn screaming kind of day... 


So far, I'm the only who's apologized. Y'all are great guys! 


The list of quarterbacks the Cowboys are looking for the backup to the backup spot are just a swell bunch of fellas  


I love getting water instead of a delicious diet coke...  


Finally understanding polypeptide chains and animo acids!   


I wonder if a rally of support will come for the  PR director as she was only expressing her free speech &amp; shouldn't be fired? 


GM meetings start on Monday. Woohoo - rumors and more of Texas Rangers are in on everybody reports. 


Look at that! I can get Christmas Bounty on DVD and Blu-Ray! Totally going to get that! 


..Philosophical questions of mine at 7-ish am 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


NSA in   I HOPE YOU CATCH THAT SUCKY TANK THAT COULDNT HOLD AGGRO 


Walked by a construction site 3/10 people actually working, seems normal  


Apparently I got  unborn babys hash tag wrong.    


Student tweet rewording Da Vinci in class:  thanks for helping me, and then destroying me. 


 epitomizes evil aspect of advertising: get ppl 2 spend $ they don't have 4 stuff they don't need. Hooray 4 capitalism! 


Still confuzzled as to how I add in phone numbers but hey who'd want that on a phone? 


I'm so glad the school is getting us iPads instead of new books 


At least I fit on the plane though     It's ok to use lots of images though because we minimize our CSS files from 30kb down to 20kb, right? 


Wow! I think my foot/ankle is really starting to look better!     Forte wasn't able to break a tackle in the end zone? Shocking... 


  No, I posted it because I didn't like it.  : p


I think I just ate a bug. Welcome to India!  


 speaking AGAIN for the 5th time in 24 hrs, targeting  His voice is gone. Glen's curse in action? 


 I have 1,739 tweets. I should start putting that on applications. That should make me stand out.   27.8K 


How can u cope with them overly smart questios over he...  Idk, its just fun to answer those questions ;p   or... See what we can do here... Probably delete the  and replace it with 


 smh..u 1 of a kind  waiting for mine.


    Oh no! Now everyone will want one as a pet! 


Huh!! That's weird!! I don't know anyone like that!   Welfare pays MORE than a minimum-wage job in 35 states.     


Adoro las tendencias que me ofrece twitter!  


 not so wonderful but i have to pass first year ! uohhh so funny 


Dear  Thanks again for shoveling your public sidewalks. Especially that treacherous bridge on Prospect. 


 I love how I have friends who invite me everywhere............ they like the bestest friends?


No flag on that, but Ahmad Brooks got flagged and fined for a legal hit last week... Great consistency  refs! 


And that Audi.. Only like $114,989 plus tax! That's like what everybody spends on Christmas right? 


For the umpteenth year in a row, I was denied the title of Sexiest Man Alive. 


Cani get one of these on my keyboard?  

   I love it when I'm 30 minutes deep into  work &amp; it just crashes!   


 YES!! dodge is  still made n America with American worker..wha?? So are Toyota? The hell you say 


This track doesn't look like any fun at all     love my 'amazing' social life right now. Boom. 


Tom Daley came out as gay?? Didn't see that coming!  


Down 11-1 at the 13:30 mark of the first half...this is the Mountaineer basketball I know and love  


What Al? Beginnings with Derek Dorsett is coming up? I completely forgot!  


 safe for stealing my RT as your own shit like this is why I left Lewes 


Definitely going to be late for work  


If There Was An  For  Id Probably Send Someone To Pick It Up For Me!Haha!  


  neither should you question how they teach!    


Some friends I have. Thanks guys... Your the best!! 


Hold the phone! 2nd piece of entertainment in an hour?  I dunno but that might be pushing it. 


Anyone out there as excited as I am about NBA?  


So we pulled the fire alarm when there is a camera right above it?  


Oxford Street on a Saturday before Xmas:  can't think of anywhere I'd rather be. 


 calling someone a "diaper dandy" isn't analysis?  


Whos lucky enough to work on Thanksgiving? Me thats who 


Wow this new year is so much fun! I'm having such a great time  


Hurray, it is another fun filled winter of the Yankees signing all the best players again. The world is as it should be 


Josh Gordon leads the nfl in recieving, was suspended 2 games, and had weeden. But he's not a top 3 wr 


I love it when you tell me no and then not give me a reason. It's literally my favorite thing ever. 


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


  Oh man Thank god you came around. He has been waiting on someone to tell him that his whole life 


 the Canadian Gareth Bale! I'm buying it lol 


How am I supposed to get any homework done feeling like this!?!? It's not  or anything. 


I can't wait to go to work     


Whats up with  Militia taking over Tripoli Tower,    


Lol the Huskers were 5 turnovers away from beating this MSU team!   


Laugh at your problems :) Everybody else does. 


I just love that  knows all these tweets are about him but he still doesn't do anything about it.  


  "Have A Nice Day" by Stereophonics. What I felt like saying to many people all day 


Because, of course, if gay black men stopped wearing makeup we wouldn't be faced with structural inequalities. 


Japanese being one step ahead, as always   via 


 glad to see the war on drugs is working so well. 


I was thinking the snow in the yard was looking thin.  Thank goodness we're expecting 6-10" by Monday.   


Well prepared for the christmas tests:P   I'm surprised at such low count macha.2 reasons,its a gal and its a post from US.Ideally shouldve crossed 100  


 well done guys! You really make me a happy supporter with performances like that!    ...same old liverpool!


Who knew doing flips and tumbling after near 4 years would leave my body so sore?  


 how noble of him to stay on his paid vacation, my respect for him just grew 


Another Saturday morning exam this weekend to start off a week of exams!     


I cant believe My French teacher tickled my friend while she was laughing  :O 


We're listening to covers of "Royals" because any cover is better than the original by Lorde... -_- 


Sarcastic bitch       can't wait to be bombarded with "How's school?" questions ughhh  


 wow. What a great guy Todd Graham is. I feel so bad for him that Pittsburgh just wasn't right. His poor family.  


 is just Beautiful!! 
   ( )

 Govt will need to consult with industry about adding that to Code of Conduct 


Went to get some Neapolitan ice cream and 90% of what's left is strawberry.   (not 


Truly a day just hasn't started if  hasn't patronized me at some pointje  


Zaheer Khan sent back to the dressing room,for what looks to be the most clear view of match fixing.. Yeah yeah India buys matches 


Hmmm time ain't flying at all o!  I must at least write 5 lines today haba! Warrisdis?


di rin biro makapasok sa top ten. Wag nyu maliitin ang pang 7th. 


" Just a reminder:  teams leading at halftime are 0-2 in conference play." / Thats a pretty large sample size there. 


I gotta tell ya folks, I know its surprising but I really love when this happens to me. 


56.8 degrees in this room. Man I really wish it wasn't so hot in here   surprise the patriots got a bad call in their favor again. Never seen that before. 


"Okay. Okay. Okay. Aaaaalright. Okay. Okay, bye. Okay. Bye." - someone on the phone with their mother.   


 yeah,but its only costing $4 million this time.thats roughing it for him 


       and I can't wait! 


Look at this amazing snow storm I'm pretty sure this is the most snow I've ever seen 


i love the people that assume that their gay best friend has a crush on them. 


Brother and sisterly love!!        car had its license plate as "GODDESS". Imagine my surprise to see a primped up high school girl driving it.  


Can you see the joy over my face for getting shots at medical this morning??    Shelvey doing wonders for the stereotype that all footballers are thick. Well done son 


When you don't hear anything from that one person for a whole day  


Yeah, keep running that ISO with Rice. It's SO effective! 


shoulda used 

RT  It's ok,  I didn't need my suitcase with all my clothes in it...


 are they shopping in the fitness section? 


Yay...... I get to wake up at 4:40am for the next three days to work with my dad. Great way to spend Christmas break! ..... 


 is tired of being asked about  I don't know why anyone thinks he'd turn his back on 100 young men?  


My day started with a 15 minute call from an irate customer with colorful language.  


If the answer is "Christ" the question is wrong.     


My dad got me a new fedora.        I'm considering  do I get out of this next 7days....oh yeah a stiff back and little sleep. Fucking winning hey 


Looks like the  don't need Phaneuf after all.  Instead they can rely on Ranger, Fraser or Franson......


great move using my FB profile pic on my twitter page! 


One paper down, one more to go. 
  


It's said that  is the lowest form of  To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a   


Thank you Braves for making my lengthy car ride to Rome even longer. 


Not for nothing...that was a really slow count  


Gr8 photo choice of Polar Plunge in  
Better Pic of girl in bikini? Nope! 
Pic of fat guy in Santa hat? Yep! 



At least the  aren't losing to all the teams that they have to worry about for tie breakers. 


I love those games where if you fuck one little thing up, eeeeverything going good for you dies. 


 oh you must be talking about Salt Lake City  I know you're always rooting for us and NOT for LA  


Oh you are in highschool and you smoke? You are SO COOL. Wish I was like you. 


Fantastic   Report: TE Green starting over Tamme in slot  that time you woke up to a whole bunch of lovely tweets just for you. What an amazing start to the day. 


Alabama offense is dominant, like I don't thing any team at any level can contain them   


My favorite thing to do on  is recover a fumbled football.  


Yay work in two and a half hours! Happy Saturday everyone!  


 All they had to do was beat that horrible Notre Dame team who plays nobody, right?  


 has engineered some of the best field goal drives I have ever seen.   


For some reason, I can't go to sleep. Must be excited about Arabic tomorrow.     


 Woo hoo! 25 new permanent jobs in Kitimat will boost BC economy. Plus that $40million/year BC will get. Yay.  


 YESSS FINALLY! How did you know I've been waiting for this?! 


 oh I forgot 2.5 games out of the playoffs in mid December is insurmountable for the lakers lol
 


I love when the trains are delayed, making me late for work. Especially when nothing is mentioned on the website 


   Gritty goal scorer who plays with an edge. Yeah, not a fit in Boston.


Dear news media , Stopping underutilising needless hyperbole we want to be misled. Sincerely 


 Yeah, I'll bet. Must be a real drag, all that time left open to explore every possibility. 


I ain't thankful for shit! I'm ungrateful as a motherfucker.   


I just love missing The Voice two weeks in a row  


About to do some translate for French in hopes to learn something. It has come to this. Thanks Madame D. for helping  


 Miley cyrus wrecking ball was a major oversight here 


We're so sarcastic it hurts sometimes.       Jesse Bingham  morale is so high in this office I can hardly stand it.  


" Watching Netflix all by myself on a Friday night because I'm awesome.  


  Gotta love living in Texas! Whoooo!  lol


Church ball game tonight at 10. I'll probably end up playing the entire game again.  


Free cash withdrawal? Oh... my cash? How very kind of you, thanks a lot!
  


So great morning of watching the Leafs lose again and now Im heading to the dentist for (at least) 2 fillings. Life is good 


What a cyanide surprise you have left for my eyes
If I had common sense I'd cut myself or curl up and die
 


Gosh.. isn't it fun not being talked to all day...... 



  does respecting the office mean respecting the person who holds it? Forgot 


 imagine Woodson coaches another gem down the stretch.  


I should've known.. It's not like you didn't do this before  


 If Al Golden went to PSU...I wouldn't lose sleep. But he'd be a "trader" 


 no re. he simply runs and does nothing with the ball. That's why I said. 


A day doesn't feel like a day without me falling off of something  


In the school. Teacher tell us to do some word doc. But I am on twitter. I am such a badass !  


I just freaking love shopping for wedding guest dress and wedding presents.  It's soooo not stressful. At all. So freaking awesome. 


Just bought a full bag of coffee I have to finish before winter break. This is terrible! 


 And this day just keeps getting better.... 


Randy Orton sure looks like a dominate  Champion by defeating Brad Maddox. Fabulous booking!

 


 Gawd, don't you just hate Thanksgiving ads around Chrismas time? 


Everyone's flip gram slide shows of this year make me laugh..... Glad you had such a great time 


Ford has a wife? Who knew? We never see her.   


.  i hope to see an update to FCPX that supports editing ;) lol  


 but Kansas was never supposed to lose with Wiggins 


"If French leadership was more courageous, some of the other governments would be too" True that  is so brave... 


My daughter and my mother-in-law made a small cake for Thanksgiving dinner.   love waking up and not being able to breathe through my nose.. 


Love being called into work! Nothing makes me more happy.  


if there's one thing girls aren't on Staten Island there deffinalty not drama starters and there not overdramtic 


Another fantastic start to my fucking day.  if I have a meltdown remember youve been warned


   50+ yards per carry would be extremely hard to achieve though.. that's probably why.. 


  Nope, but heard terrific things about it! 


Toast for dinner for the third night in a row.  


 just checked, it may be zipped but didn't have those white strings or what like on Rob's, of course it hers 


Going back to studying for my chem exam. Nice way to spend the weekend 


 no. Everything is fine. That's why I'm tweeting at you.  


It's such a beautiful day in the Upstate. Fog and all.      glad my biological father cares so much about me!!! 


 omg, yes! me too! school is such a great experience! all the learning that is going on is just amazing! 


I'm so happy I was able to come to the Detroit-Ottawa game 


Time to tackle showering/bathing without help. I feel so grown up!  


   I wanna fuck every girl obviously! 


Booyah another screen, way to make it do what it do..who dat baby who dat 


Who needs dinner? I was trying to lose weight anyways. 


  im such a lucky girl who lives in BE so i can see that  


I really love when my Internet stops working. 


excuse me while I try to contain my excitement for a Bruins PP. 


My break has just been the greatest  


Absolutely did nothing today.   


Yeah I get it, you like dreadheads, please tell me more   


The refs in this game are awful. I mean, since when can't you totally obstruct the view/path of a targeted receiver? Ridiculous. 


Good thing  still has the Cfl  .They might have to change their Canada's sports leader slogan


Oh it's fine, I'll just sit by myself in the library tomorrow at lunch 


QOTD:  this shit is about to get serious.  I have my sexy pants on  


Yay another year I gotta wait on so I graduate! 


Everyone on bus 2 is singing spongebob songs   


I am very shocked the Sabres are losing to the Blues 


 but that sounds so delicious! Lol I love eating rubber omnomnomm  


Waiting at the clinic ... Great start to this Christmas   


Not being able to fall asleep when you are soo tired and sick is just soo much fun!     


 does she have to do anything?  Maybe she cut her hair...lol



 so u mean to tell me,that when ur idol is happy ur gonna fucking cut??? Ohh Yeah hell love that  


Nice one   RT  So this happened:  That's the rumor. I'm surprised you couldn't see me jumping with joy from your vantage point. 


 ah i c yor problem is flicking the bean is not on yor list  


Glad to know that a good citizen like  is explaining how to   This is truly a world service  


Waking up to my brother scaring the shit out of me...  oh how I missed this 


The interstate is nice and clear ;).      use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.




 Don't you just *LOVE* travelling with the  ;)   


Apparently the VGX had a world premiere of Titanfall and Pewdiepie playing a game.  


Finally we have Michael Schumacher trending here on Twitter.

Didn't take long.




"Hey girl can I get at that ass baby?" Yes if you talk to me like that I will definitely talk back and give you my number. Not. 


 I'm going to stc! Like the best school ever!!  lol


  Obviously, you took that way too personal, it profits me little to get into twitter beefs. It was  dear.


This is gonna be a comfortable flight. Thanks Spirit Airlines     auntie is bringing my diabetic brother to the chocolate factory,  he's gonna have the time of his life.... 


Can only wish for price that low here in FL/RT  Paid $3.03 for gas today. Darn you, Obama! 


  yeah karma will get you for eating chicken nuggets! Lolol     


Starting out the new yrs right with a road trip to the cities  


These post game interviews have really renewed my faith in our country's institutions of higher education  


What better way to celebrate the end of the semester than by working for the next 3 days.  


 What color are my Socks????  betcha cant answer that one.! 


Oh yeah I'll be there - Applebee's Is Hosting A New Year's Eve Bash Where Tickets Cost $375 Each  


Aaw Thanks For Your Concern Uncle Igi :/  "  Just checking"


 Not a huge amount of motivation today  we're in the radio station man, CHEER UP!  


Love all these poeple in my nxt years classes! 


 all because the government wants to help us :)  


Nothing I would rather do more than homework on a Friday night. 


 Thanks, that's incredibly explanatory and helpful. 


 but it was so much fun I think I should do it again just to see my moms face hit the floor 


May have to have surgery on my knee before the holidays ... Yesss just what I wanted !! 


Dad: Love you!
Me: I love me too! We have so much in common!!! 
Dad: ...When did you become me? 
ha love our conversations  


Thanks  MT: latest on  closure &amp; emergency      


Welp all the idiots are out driving for the holidays. Yay.  


 my busy time of yr will start a week 13-14 hr days YEEEAAAAA 


Well the last game for the varsity this year. 10:15 BW3 Bowl.. just what victors play for. 


Ok, maybe she's a little rotten...    advise to me by  that I need to use   the tag  is true. :-)


This porn (and anything else the government think should be banned) filter, is turning into a huge success  


. Wow you can't even spell it right. It's "nukular". Stupid Yankees 


Nothing quite makes me feel better than a girl staring at me for an entire bus journey.  


Really loving Kutztown's alcohol assignment thing  


The  game was sick, but I can't wait to watch this crossfit competition on ESPN2! 


   Yes, because  are the only NBN-enabled ISP...  ;)


I love a party with a happy atmosphere!!!  


It's always a great morning when you forget you had a Pre-Calc test.  


It looks so clean in here. Thanks for stoping by everyone    


 I wonder what their findings will be? 


I just realized I have the most exciting life ever!! 


I love seeing all the suits in the first couple rows at the Leaf home games  Get off your wallet and buy a jersey


Hello ATL airport. Can't wait to see you 3 times in the next 4 days  


Oh yeah! Thanks loud unidentified machine.. I did wanna get woken up at 9:00 on my one day to sleep in. You know me SO well.  


 Duke lacrosse accuser convicted of murder...  She cant b she was such an upstanding citizen 


 really? this 2012 joke? ..  style this post. 


just put me back on the shelf and use me when you need me cause you know I like that shit 


go US!! for freedom!!!   US sends new submarine-hunting jets to Japan amid East Asia tension  am so festive! I drew a mustache on my face just for new year's! 


 - It's the most wonderful time of the year...all year. 


Heat fans are just so intelligent, they know so much about basketball and the team they had 10 years ago, and they are dashing 


When you have the oppurtunity to buy high on Marlon Byrd coming off a career year, you have to take it.  


Apparently we're going to Yankee Candle to watch Santa arrive by helicopter tomorrow morning. 
Oh, the joy!



 nahh.  imma miss ya Coach. Happy Early birthday 


Wow I'm loving all these Christmas pictures of couples on Instagram... 


I just love when people put Walking Dead spoilers on Twitter.. 


I love it when I've got my blinker on and the car in the lane I'm trying to shift into speeds up so I can't!  


"Atheist solidarity"  *sigh* I get it. It's funny because they all share one vagina, right? LOL 


God floura is just so good at math i wish i was him 


You're gunna have a really strong liver when u grow up from all that drinking 


  highlights vids had more than 200 views!   His respect for taxpayers is obvious.  


My dad's thoughts on this game "just blame it on Obama"  lol


Nothing makes me happier than being replaced and ignored. &lt;3 &lt;3 


//whatever twitter I didnt want push notifs anyway it's not like I selected yes when I installed the goddamned app but whatever 


Well it's certainly evident so far that Cleary was the  problem. 


NYE is gonna be live at my grandparents    shopping in Lincoln having a lovely time guys let me tell you not soul-destroying at all 


 I don't tweet about results!  I just support them! Win lose or draw!  2 seasons on trot wow you be winning titles soon!  


What? Stopped raining and Seattles backups are in? And still can't score? Cassel is clearly the better qb..  


So much love for Pastor Maldonado on my twitter timeline right now! Dream team! 


Moving to bispham,well this is going to be crowded,I'm thrilled about it. 


I love when i get excited that something will happen and then it doesnt yay me 


Oh my gosh, my life will be so different now. 



 and  are out today! I wonder which one  will want to see tonight?  You know which one I want to see!


Oh wow. This ~poetic~ symbolism rn. So bootyful.  


I had no idea it was snowing. Where would I be with out everyone tweeting about the snow. 


Maybe Tan isn't so wrong after all? Cardiff have been poor defensively today. Could Tan be a master tactician is disguise?  


Why are there still British people &gt;&gt;  &gt;&gt;    


Please tell me more about how cool you feel posting pictures with ILLEGAL substances
 



 Harder to find than a unicorn. Google &amp; YouTube searches are pointless. 


 no no silly your ready for dance:) we're gonna have fun and enjoy all the kicks :) 


My Face Decides To Break-Out Right In Time For My Senior Pictures...Yayy



The best kinds of parents are the ones who encourage their younger kids to flip off other drivers while they drive. 


Our lineup is looking a lot better tonight with ranger and Orr back in   


Ohh so you think I'm cute when I'm angry? We'll get ready because I'm about to be GORGEOUS!     


Turns out I'm awful at this whole twittering. It's been 11 days. Imagine the horror  


Yep I'm really sick, thank you cold for coming right at my break... 


Good to know the US got a good group in the World Cup drawl  


My goodness, is it presidential campaign season already? Thanks  for updating us on the road to the whitehouse 2016! 


I heart oral surgery and all the wonderful after effects 


Yes because hyperventilating feels so good I do it for fun 


 Yeah, I'm kind of over Chesterton.    


 you must be good to be able to pass judgement on someone over one tweet. 


   They do spend less you clueless, heartless douche. Glad your'e okay. Hope you always are.


One of the many joys of being single is I get to cuddle with myself 


Haha I'm the loner of this event :) great fun!!! 


 doing a great job at pumping me up for Saturday's game...   


 I'm sure no one will figure out which ones 


Hey mom thanks for putting me on blast! That was awesome! 


  2 best teams in  shutout when it comes to the 4 major offseason awards. Okay, cool, that makes since. 


Seriously I'm trying to sleep could you make anymore noise please?  


Only 12 hours at most until  is installed.  Isn't my connection  


I love it when my lecturers put loads of information on slides that will help me with this report.... Instead of pictures  


  w/ the long hair, beard, &amp; white tee-shirt/white pants. Great to see the new look. The guy is always innovating 


So cute you gave her your jacket so she wasn't cold. 


 sample size of 1 proves you wrong  


Happy early Thanksgiving everyone. Here, have this massive tornado outbreak to celebrate.   a great way to start the day - burnt toast. My favourite.. 


After a whopping 3hours sleep I now have work great fantastic  


Jesus is the most famous person ever. I don't understand why  isn't the most famous ever   keep waiting for someone to say Jones,Scrivens and Harding for Team Canada based on Save Percentage 


Logging onto Streammate soon, can't wait for everybody to ask if I am high or if I bought weed today!!! No, and No...lol 


 Nails it  needs to make these changes not   will veto this as it negates progress made   


Words that used to mean negative things -     


 Don't worry.  said everything would be ready by November 30. It's fine! 


why does the robot always holds the lady when there's an accident? Misandry 


 With  being down, how in the world is everyone going to know how delicious these sweet potato fries look?!? 


Wow. This day just keeps getting better and better. 


Being ignored and knowing you're being ignored is the BEST. . . 


Good thing the Niners didn't blow their timeouts 


Of Course I can function on an hour of sleep 


And back to the life of college and work. No social life woo 


I'll probably lose SO much sleep over your opinion of me......... 


So happy for all the high school kids! Their long semester of hard work comes to an end soon! 


 Maybe Oates has decided the Caps don't need any D-men since our Offense is so great 


It's really convenient that the only charger that works on my phone is my car charger. 


I love how my chive group makes me feel obsolete. 


Blame for AU loss goes to player running out with 0.1 second. Staying in bounds gets Bama to overtime.  


Dr cox speaks the truth.          after work is always my favorite trip of the week 


I hate wheh girls tweet about football/basketball. You're all so knowledgable and have such great insight 


No apology? Terrific. I didn't want one anyway. 


 lol why you going to sign another cleary 


For those that experienced the Tulipomania styled 50% crash in Bitcoin, remember it is a long term hold that will run to infinity 


 Everyone wants   No one wants 


  but but iPhone 5C is doing really, really badly  


Watching  - Its encouraging knowing in 2154 healthcare clinicians are still using clipboards to triage patients. 


   ahhhhhh right.  Frampton beats Quigg easy? No point in having the fight then?!? 


   "givemetheliebecauseIknowitsucksbutafterworkingonitforsolongIneedpraised"


I don't miss anything about high school basketball except the half time show.  


I'm a perfect girl so I naturally dress down in leggings and a baseball tee when I'm going out with my girls.   


"I dont make it rain on girls, i make it hail: i throw coins on sluts... hey im a baller on a budget" -  


 wish I could of been at your show. I am super broke. I need a job. Can I borrow a few thousands from you? 


 It would be a tragedy for you to spend more than 15 minutes at home.  


I love my new iPhone it's exactly the same but in color  


 wins a bowl game against a team that shut  out earlier this year. I'm sure that won't be brought up at all here in WV. 


Omg so happy with my life right now! It's so great!  


This is gonna be a fantastic 3 day week for me. 



It's nice to talk to my cousin who I don't really know. Cool that half of their family decided to come to Thanksgiving. 


 And us fellow Twitter users thank you for that inside scoop into your daily life! 


A drawing of me by matin in class.    sounding like a 12 year old boy sure is fun, especially when you have a gazillion calls to make.   


I'm not gonna sleep and I have a meeting at 8 ... 


You know CM Punk is just loving this performance by Florida Georgia line.    just in case some didn't know.


Chalo ab kal hi continue karengay biggboss finale wese b i ws the one who knew kon jeetne wala ha 4days ago gudnyt  


falling asleep sitting up.. this is good  


T to the R to the A to the F and F to the I to the C! Goooooo TRAFFIC! Yay 


Well what do u know, a Leafs game on  who would have guessed it! Way to mix it up boys.  


i totally thought the ppl starring in duck dynasty werent racist before this GQ article came out...bec im an idiot. 


  Clearly, you have a refined taste in the dancing arts, John. 


My last two  teams picked a great week not to show up. Perfect timing.  


Debating if it's socially acceptable to have Imo's deliver one in these conditions.....I'm thinking yes..... 


 Hey, they've got to my Superannuation tax deduction somehow.




Okay I know it's cold but if we all tweet about it it'll make it go away!  


Last night was the perfect Friday the 13th Kick-Off. Yes! Give me a whole day of that, please!  


 like "Jan. 3rd can't come fast enough!" No one's ever been this excited about my birthday before omg thank you!!  


I can't wait to move and meet new people because I just LOVE making new friends  


Free snacks cause my flight has been delayed 5 times so far today.. Obviously these will make up for it  


Well that soup and peppermint tea was great  


 has uncovered an insidious plot to undermine Christianity with a price tag. Well done.   use  because beating the crap out of someone is illegal .


Had a wonderful start to my morning   


Thanks for the birthday lunch, homie  can't wait until yours    watching a Christmas movie. YIPEE!   people. But at least Harry Connick, Jr. is in it. That helps.


"Spitzer caught sucking Lis Smith's toes in topless hot tub antics  He could have been our mayor!!!!! 


Casey needs to go see the Hobbit bc there are amazing huge spiders that she loves so dearly  


Spending the afternoon in a tow truck is exactly what I wanted to happen today  


Surely there's no coincidence that People Magazines "World's Sexiest Man Award" always goes to a *cough* white guy. Right? 


 are you excited for  I wasn't sure based on all your tweets 


  shoot...I overslept  that's OK, we have classes all day for you to come get some!


Sneezing right after applying mascara ... It's gonna be an awesome day .... 


 What do you mean?  Thib's said the Bulls have enough to win? 


 because we all know how much Pepper adores having her photo taken  


tell you what, ive proper missed fearne cotton this last week on radio 1, so glad she's back on air. especially when im hungover. 


Man, the 4 team playoff next year is gonna suck. 


My birthday is tomorrow and I'm sick as shit. Fucking cool!  


 he always had a poetic touch with words. 


Animals by  is underrated, I bet you haven't heard it yet 


 need to let  have another year....


So the past 2 days I've woken up at 1245 shower and blah blah blah and go straight to work.....what a great day  


In case people have forgotten: Black Friday is supposed to occur on FRIDAY. Funny concept, I know...   


Just seen that Puush has purged most of my inactive files. Thanks Puush, that was really thoughtful. 


 Well you can have more icons on your dock than you can with the iPhonedoes that help? :) 


Wait,  does that mean he won't be good? " This Wiggins kid is going to be a good player. 


" watch pregame cause Snow has been giving the same interview 4 years" Your loss...  was hard-hittin' 


Thank you family for using all of the hot water I really appreciate it and also I really love the house being freezing its great 


I love the fact that my phone autocorrects words that are spelt correctly already to something totally wrong. 


   You missed my inverted commas. 


Wait, wasn't Delia *there* 5 minutes ago? Oh, right. It's been a few weeks. Get over it, Billy.  


If that was Suarez he would have been sent off 


"Do you know the other day, did I tell you that?"...... Ya Sinead I know what your on about... 


In other news, so glad I get to watch Giants/Chargers instead of Seattle/SanFran now  


So glad I have a guest room so these guys have somewhere to crash!    But the game just came out! I totally want to pay for DLC!!! 


Off to train someone with no meat experience at all. This should be fun. 


Fun fact: College coaches never lie to their players/recruits.   


I just got a dart thrown into my leg! Great night 


And now the conversation has turned to Duck Dynasty. So glad to be here.  


 But, where else am I going to put my current mood, current weather, and current song post meta data? 


don't you just love that feeling of being ignored? 


Ayee this is my 1,000 tweet. Such an accomplishment.    


S/O 2 my roommates for leaving apt clean how I left it!!    


I really love it when I have to do dishes when I'd rather be in bed. 


I wanted to personally thank  for portraying to the world how awful Canadians are. You are truly an inspiration. 


friday the 13th with a vball tournie? Something good is bound to happen 


 Clearly someone's in a very sunny mood this new year.  


Oh yes, Seev definitely got engaged because he wants to be Zayn. It's nothing to do with being in a serious 6 yr relationship. 


Cheeky wee bit of bathroom decorating to look forward to tonight. YYYAAAASSSSS!!! 


" For those who don't know yet...    


  when are you gonna have a good guest like  on?   "jericho4life


More girls should take pictures of nothing and make a no boyfriend joke.   


David has to shave for his job interview today, so it's a good thing he got a head start &amp; stopped shaving back in September. 


i wanna say i'm overwhelmed by the help of my 2800 followers  


I really want to drive to Hattiesburg for a soccer game 



Didn't one of their fans poison a historic tree on the Auburn campus?
That's classy



Ringing in the new year in style...with a sweatshirt &amp; skinny jeans  


Might as well just stay up till i take my sister in. Not like sleep is the second love of my life or anything 


Whoa did this guy just say we'll be back with 1 of the most intellectual guys I've met : Lil Webbie!  P guy? Was that 


If trees gave wifi signals, we would never cut them, instead we'd planting so many trees, Sadly they produce oxygen only  


Trade Giroux! His value will never be higher!  


So everybody celebrating New Year, happy New Year 2014. 


Driving in a blizzard and not being able to see in front of you or the lines on the road is sure a treat. 


 Starting to think Dr. McKenzie is a Bears fan.... 


Mom just said 'wooow your hair is fetching..'  thanks mom  


Holy shit was  horrible. Can't wait until  


Oh no pep band is canceled what will I do tonight 


Ok so u make a study guide for the test but nothing on the study guide was on the test. Yeah you're really awesome  


I love being socially awkward and feel left out of everything 


Not online on WhatsApp from 10am, 11hours and 20minutes later... Nobody missed me :) Zip new messages  


Thanks to that guy that made that shot today in practice! 


Obviously we are letting barca win so Milan or Ajax don't get to spot, just returning the favour, celtic being a great team 


"this woman doesnt want to live with me she wants to live in memory lane"  


Well my great week just keeps getting better 


So excited to see white girls posts of their Christmas presents 


Have you ever felt you want to bite somebody I definitely have 


In the meantime we have the BDO Championship to look forward to with their amazing players! 


American Arlines, you've outdone yourself with this sweet melody of Bruno Mars songs with just a piano.  


Cba  with papers this morning then have training  


 It's early, but the Pack do seem to have fixed the "reoccurring" defensive issues.



 wow, rust at gas monkey?!! no one could've guessed there'd be rust!!   


Karzai says he no longer trusts the US. They say 1 thing but do another. A government led by Barack Obama does this? Preposterous! 


 Morrison, Maiga, Downing, Jarvis,Adrian,Diara, all clearly dont start most games for west ham  


  Wiki??? Whatever!! They are just jealous of KU thats all 


  *smiles beatifically, today dear? *Today*?!? We part time pretend  types know it all! 


Oh i havent ever texted you but I can only assume your generic "happy thanksgiving" is very sincere 


Not sure if I'll enjoy watching this game where I can see grass and not just snow!      It's happened again, you guys. RT   That Nick Galathese guy has a career high


  Don't worry Dave,  is a pilot. They never stay home for weather...  !


why is  in my trends? what's happened the poor little soul now? 


Looks like someone's an absolute attention-seeker over here on Twitter,flooding someone else's mention feeds :)  &lt;-------  


Nice to know my help is always appreciated... 


wow i never knew you had to stop fighting after the whistle wow thanks for clarifying 


It's 8:30 AM, and the maintenance men are using power drills outside my window. What a pleasant "Good Morning"  


Damn - 20 years in the progressive movement and no one ever clued me in to the REAL plan.     


Guys, the "psychic" in Ghostbusters 2 says the worlds gonna end February 14th of 2016. Use your time wisely.
 


" " I'm so hungry. Haven't eaten since last year!"-_____- hehehe  ( )


 the playbook is so diverse!!! No one knows how to stop the  !!!! 


Feeling like you're never good enough, no matter how hard you try. Yeah, that's the greatest feeling ever. 


Fuck you Sohail Tanvir. 19 run over. Just what we need 


 Wouldnt surprise me! Hahah Yup first class tomorrow, you missed some really lovely notes today ;D 


    Absolutely else why would  threaten to  the  


Great way to start my morning.   


Doing hair &amp; full makeup bc mom wants me to model for her  shop. *sigh* being beautiful is so hard. 



I encourage everyone who wants to live a full and complete life to watch the Bound2 video/song. You won't be sorry. 


Nice! RT  Yes, I'm listening to a  song right now. Thanks a lot,   


 didn't you know you can only be in love with one person per lifetime autumn ? Duhh.... 


  you haven't stole my photo to get a tweet or anything 


Thanks for ignoring me! :D I really appreciate it. 


I'm just so excited about being home for Christmas now. 


Always a fan of getting stopped by a boat during rush hour in Bay City 


Just f-ing great. Radioactive material stolen from Mexico. Well, thank God our border is secure. 


Gee I sure hope I don't go into a ditch on these very slick roads on my way to this wonderfully important game tonight. 


Literally as I hit send he was being tackled. I can't believe  called that safety play  


need to be up at six and I'm still awake, aw love that 


do u like fall?
no
what season do u like
autumn
they the same thing
no, falling is something u do when u r in love.
 


NY deli owners stole $1M lottery ticket:  Or was it an honest mistake? 


I'm sorry I'm not perfect enough for you but feel free to go ahead and yell at me for the little things 


 don't worry, I'm not going to keep him or anything 


Spending the rest of the day watching films whilst doing uni work; I'm excited already!  


Can't believe the probation worker is gay?! Never saw that comming!  


Sounds like I missed a great College B-ball game cause my cable is out. Thanks  appreciate it. 


 And another 1 and done too or will they switch it up this year ;-) 


Nothing i love more than photocopying, laminating and cutting out all day, its great! 


I think Kim Kardashian and Miley Cyrus should be the next candidates for next year Indonesian president election 


  
I agree. But atleast our sales floor looks good for the DM on his visit. 


So good so far. No scoring, just what I wanted to see. Hopefully no one buries any all game  


AC series needs more "follow people" missions 


And in crap fairy central, current fever is 101.1 I'm a radio station 


 no theyr not! What are you stupid!! Ye great hq 


Its Friday night and neighbours have already started!! Whooo bring on the demented tapping!! 


Especially the ones who tweet using "..." And hashtag " when they make a sarcastic comment!


Fun new Vera trick: refusing to sleep unless she's being held or I am laying right beside her. It's awesome. 


  Can i say that you're so clever! Never knew the difference between 'wrapper' and 'rapper' 


That delightful first hour in the morning when I have to read out loud..  lol


Yes, I love seeing hunters pose with the carcass of a sweet, &amp; innocent animal. You should be proud...? 


I love when people say they're gonna do something with you, then they end up not doing it. 


It's not like I enjoy people to sit near and talk to or anything... 


So unfair. Why women can't hover over nursery to check out their future husband?   


Lol   RT   Yeah, he did us really good.


It takes a shooting to get fond du lac mentioned on the news. Not just mentioned, but the top story. That's just great!  


Happy Monday! Its -21C/-6F where I am lol..all Ive got is to try to be cheery today ugh..Snow this week, cant wait 


I just wish Roma would find the courage from the refs helping them to win.....SMH  Daje Roma!


While everyone chows down on a nice Christmas dinner with turkey, mash potatoes, rolls and such...I'll be having soup   


 Geez, this is shattering my otp  Fanfics wont be the same :'( 


 You left out that the hours were from 1:00 AM on December 13, 2014 &amp; 5:00 PM January 4th 2015   


I'm not stressed I'm fine I'm going to pass all my finals no problem... 


 Wow, Hoyer must be our franchise QB because we really looked good for 2.5 games until the team got coached down. 


Good thing everything's back to the way it was before  


Please, read right into the paper you're reading off of. It makes your presentation intriguing 


  yeah.. That sounds like something I of all people would say 


If it wasn't for your self-righteous tweets I wouldn't know how to live my life 


I can't even explain how much of a blast I'm having on this rainy Friday night.



  nevermind getting rid of those tires that the teams and drivers are so "happy" about.  


Let's all be like A&amp;E and fire employees who disagree with us on personal issues. Sounds like a great plan, right? 


 unavailable, maybe all the grid will said thanks, crashes and DNFs from the side of  ? 


 so you delete all the tweets that show you in a bad light then joke about it? You must really feel bad about this 


 leave you at a major cliff hanger!?! Never 


There's nothing more enjoyable than removing mould 


My fave things to watch on a Sunday are American football and formula 1!  


 Keep up Lee..!  See my earlier tweets about this nonsense  exam today!         


Thanks for helping. I appreciate it so much. 



Is Kanye West's new video a joke or for reals? I can't figure it out. He proved his "musical genius" with the song tho.  


I knew he'd check on me soon       forgot my radio and make-up at home. Luckily they're not very important. I mean I don't use them every single day or anything.  


Thank you fellow classmates for saying bless you when I sneezed....  I appreciate it..... 


Balita ko may colloquium sa Eng11 ah =)) forever young Edna, stress free :)) 


sh*t is so sh********t
(notice how i use the * ?...it shows i am deliberately mocking d dull minded)
 ROCKS!!!


Drill baby Drill; I hate Windmills and I don't give a damn about your medical bills   I Used Today: "Oh, no I have to put my winter flip flops away for another week."  


  Oh great, just what a bunch of crazy people need, more money. I'm sure you'll spend it logically 


  Wow - snazzy black boots! Did they buy them at  


  right bc who else in the league would try to gain 20 yards and kick a fg with 20 seconds on the clock? 


 won't buy  Awesome! 'cause when the two greediest companies in the world try to get together, it's bad for customers. 


 Mixed emotions and mixed signals are always fun  hate boys, make me want to scream 


And then KU loses at home. How much more can I take. 


 Did god forget to switch ON global warming in US ?!


I think it's going to be just me for thanks giving again this year .....  


  don't you know nobody just gets fit the natural way anymore...come on guys 


 isn't  just a nice word for bitch..? but that's me being the standard bastard oh i meant standard sarcastic bastard


A Syrian lady is giving me $85 million in the name of charity. I just have to give her my bank account details and i'm rich  


I love that we get informed about all these gatherings. 


Not only did I lose all my coursework, I also have to now put in all my footnotes again  


 what? It's real life fantasy football! This is going to be amazing!! 


 im 3-9...and yeah open til seven woooooh. 


meh going to sleep with a lot on my mind but work tomorrow 9-7...so I have that to look forward to 


I didn't realize . The reason the redskins lost to eagles. The official supposedly swore at the skins O lineman. 


I'm glad to know you care as much as I do....  


" Perfect has 7 letters and so does meeeeee ... Coincidence? I think not." 


Getting up in the morning is going to be good fun   


I can't wait for all the pictures of food today on Instagram 


Glad to see Dez Bryant shouting encouragements to Tony Romo on the sidelines. Such an encourager.  


 Was not the happiest when I walked into Spanish today 


I'm glad my maps on my phone works so well  


I'm do glad that wasn't meant towards me......


Every time I watch Gilmore Girls I remember why I dislike it. I watch for young  &amp; that's it.   


If u want 2 give sum1 constructive criticism, da best way 2 do it is be as rude as possible.   


   Well we all know that women are for cooking the food, men for the eating it. 


Thanks for inviting me to dundalk    


I like following  around while we're shopping! 


I love getting cold showers on a 20 degree night! 


Welll Melos gone after this year nice   


    I agree    


Yes  you're completely right, the  economic policies aren't working at all  


Hughesville borough is very fond of our snowmen.  We made borough website and their facebook. My life is complete. -.-  


Having soccer practice for two hours while its pouring rain sure was fun 


Omg there's just soooo many customers today  


 Wow the Heat play twice today in different cities? That Lebron really must be a superhero! 


Navarro has a career 108 wRC+ vs. lefties.  


I just made my selections for 2014 health insurance. I'm so excited to get less money in paychecks. 


 Because rural Louisiana is such a Liberal hotbed. 


Another year about to start off wonderfully!  


I'm so happy I spent 370 bucks just by waking up this morning. 


 Bachelor is back tonight Yippee!  whew!!!


it must be nice being able to sit on your ass all day and have everything handed to you on a silver platter...   


Today starts at 53 degrees.  Tomorrow at this time it will be 8.   But, no climate change, nothing to see here folks.  


" The Bowflex is an overall effective, worthwhile piece of equipment 


How is ROAR corny but it has a POSITIVE message? But 2013 was all about Miley to yall. I forgot...


You know what will make my day? Waking up early during break to go to basketball practice.. 


Just saw the trailer for the new Spike Lee joint, "Oldboy." Netflix has it available to watch it before it's in theaters! Wow! 


Kompany scores an own goal....and crise blood? 


Job application: "It's not really what I want, but I'm flexible." Why, whatever did we do to deserve your consideration?! 


I just love when there is nothing to eat in my house! 


not being 18 blows so hard but its okay because wearing 4" heels and praying to every god i know is so much fun haha 


I just enjoy getting random dick pics on snapchat. 


No big deal... Not like I was in the middle of watching a movie. 


  Isn't it fun being back at work?  oh it's so awesome 


 pffft. Why would you want one of your better d men in the lineup?   


  feel honoured to have mr stilgoe come out of the twitter wood work just to insult me  


 I get to go to work at 11pm tonight...   much


 are looks like triple threat between Orton, Cena and Bryan. Yay! 


You know you're in a great mood when you decide you're going to sleep with your  world hating music playlist playing 


Hey look it's those hard working Bella's   


Holy crap can you be a little less organized than you are today?because I'M HAVING SOO MUCH FUN being with you  


 Tony "Big Tone" Picard
6'4 400lbs Biggest RB in the united states!  Doy. I'd tackle him. 


This morning, incredibly my train is again running late. I can hardly even believe it myself. 


I see bitrate issues have resumed. Greaat. 


Registering for classes. Oh, how fun!  I wanna take a meteorology class 


Babara shariff to be named cheif justice..cus she have sharif in her name     


 Dude, Louisville is in the HALL OF FAME CLASSIC  give them some credit. 


 Merry Christmas Sara!!!  Enjoy the lovely weather!!  


Yemen parliament bans drone attacks - US Govt will undoubtedly treat that with great respect   | RT


   pahahaha, being blocked by someone as classless as you really hurts 


 wait till the game at White House.  plus y'all's section was really loud during football.... 


Well well I didn't know it was snowing with all the snapchat stories...


  oh noooooooooooooo not your cross stitch     


Just want to thank all of my friends for showing up to support me in such a big time in my life! :-) SIKE 


What are these bowls I see popping up in my feed? Now I need a bowl of cereal. 


I love NOT being invited to a Redskins game against Dallas. 


There's nothing I want to learn about more than the Aegean cultures of Turkey during the Bronze Age!  


 If you're to be believed, taxpayers are footing the bill for everything anyway, so why does attendance matter? 


It doesn't get much better than the temperature being one digit, love it.    That changes everything. One less layer of clothes needed. 


I don't appreciate your lack of       


That's not Sir Alex, Chiles you twat. ITV football coverage is amazing as usual. 


 wow Daily Mail, these scientists sound evil. Guess they're the same ones who're trying to sell climate change 


Well I feel special.... trying really hard to stay calm.. We'll c how long ill last b4 i snap


I wonder why  doesn't tweet during laker games anymore lol 


 backstrom is so good, great call on the contract extension.



 there was no end to the line of teachers who talked about tv to me. Apparently the school is loaded with ex-tv pros. 


Also so happy and excited when I get to open the store. 


soon to be scars , ooooo true friend    to try and out do my Friday night activities. Tonight: laundry, vodka OJ and  . The excitement may be too much. 


The ratio of police to fan is 1:1 here. I'm a little concerned with the lack of police presence 


Woke up with a crick in my neck. What a great way to start the day -_- 


 no I love having 2 teachers all day everyday  


 yes. Please let us catch up to your soooo many years of wisdom. We are not worthy.  


 high-five!!! My lovely traffic buddies  feel the love    


 Suddenly i'm paranoid there's a pay-per-view today. Shout out to WWE for knowing the true meaning of the word prolong. 


Thanks for emailing me back....   


They should cut him, CHOKE ARTIST!  RT  Romo has 11 game winning 4th quarter drives since 2011, most in the NFL


I'm glad you actually still want to be my friend 


What nice mates I have..phone me at the  gig to tell me  and  are there and Im at home..yay! 


 Anyone have a Fire Estinguisher 4  pants?       


Well done Dawson, absolutely brilliant, England's best defender, take him to the World Cup 


Wait, I take that back. Totally impressed by Miley's kitten granny panties and bubble wrap bangles. And her performance. 


Man, why didn't Packers Coach McPawsitive defer after winning the toss?  


Everyone I THOUGHT I was friends with is turning out to be crappy friends.. Glad you care. 


I love the fact that the Eagles have negative yards on offense. This is such a great game. 


 Tyne and Wear Metro fares to rise by 2.5% in New Year  so worth it 


 ha!  Nice to finally see u passionate about something! 


Thank god I have  in my life to keep me from forgetting ever bad decision I've ever made :p 


Ah, Vietnamese is the nicest sounding language. Cough Cough    


maybe that's a new style she trying to spread &amp; make popular... 


 news on Mandela- what was it like in his house after he died? 'Sombre'-inspired journalism not stating the obvious at all 


Hey guys did you know we don't have school tomorrow? 


Man Crush Everyday! Charles Bartholomew Bass &gt;&gt;       love when my luggage gets lost, but the people I'm flying with get theirs 


4 mins to opening face off on   

Surprisingly light crowd  for a Saturday day game v. Panthers.   


 is a gift to mankind, and when you understand how to use it, it becomes a 


 Bama only went 11 - 2 worst season ever clearly a bad program 


Today is a fun day of fun customer emails. No. Really it is. Really. 


 Ha ha. Did Saints get stripped of their points because of this? Is that why they missed finals? 


So happy Erica sent me to the grocery store for some last minute Christmas cooking ingredients.  


 A new world awaits you in the Windows Store, with 100,000+ apps OMG   it sounds awesome!!!! 


I mean who doesn't want to stand in the advising line   


I love when people say one thing and mean another...   


Good thing the food quality here isn't dropping as we get closer to break 


There is, it looks like this STFU  RT  There needs to be an eye rolling emoji


As you can tell, i am a 100% full fan of celebrity big brother  


All these ads during X factor have reminded me I must get the Easter eggs in soon 


Wow, Cardiff City stadium has emptied  

Wankers, the lot of them


My favorite thing is when someone can tweet but not text back  

